It was recognized by the Florida Senate with Senate Resolution 1756, adopted on April 30, 2014.
Its mission is to encourage individuals of all backgrounds to strive toward the betterment of Florida and society through continuous, groundbreaking innovation by celebrating the incredible scientific work that has been, or is being, accomplished in Florida and by its citizens.
Nomination to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame is open to all Florida inventors (living or deceased) who are or have been residents of Florida.
The nominee must be a named inventor on a patent issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
The impact of the inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society, and the invention should have been commercialized, utilized, or led to important innovations.
The 2023 Inductees constitute the ninth class to be inducted into the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame.
Their groundbreaking discoveries have transformed medicine and health care, computer technology and semiconductors, optics and photonics, communications, nuclear energy, and modern color technology.
They collectively hold more than 1,100 U.S. patents and come from across industry, academia, and government.
Since its founding, the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame has inducted 68 inventors, who collectively hold over 5,100 U.S. patents.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors in Tampa Bay and the residents of Florida, I am proud to honor the 2023 Inductees to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame on this outstanding achievement.
We are incredibly grateful to these innovators for their contributions to society and its constant revolutionization through their inventions.
As the following ten inventors are inducted into the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame's growing community, I hope this may encourage future generations to strive toward this achievement and to continue the spirit of discovery and innovation.
The 2023 Inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame are: James L. Cairns: Founder and Executive Director of the Cairns Foundation, and CEO of Abyssal Systems, Inc., who is recognized for pioneering underwater electrical, fiber-optic connector technologies that allowed circuits to be successfully and seamlessly mated and de- mated reliably within the harsh environment of

the deep ocean thereby revolutionizing subsea surveillance, anti-submarine warfare, and ocean energy production.
Jason Eichenholz: Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer of Luminar Technologies, who is recognized for trailblazing innovations in laser and optics-enabled technologies, especially in lidar (light detection and ranging) applications advancing the self-driving vehicle industry; as well as fundamental product development and commercialization for early cancer detection, environmental studies, and military explosives detection, among others.
David Flinchbaugh: CEO of Technology Applications International, and CTO of Advanced Medical Innovations, who is recognized for breakthrough technologies reducing fatalities from catheter-associated urinary tract infections affecting millions worldwide; developing the world's first Nuclear Service Robot to help maintain, decontaminate, and refuel nuclear reactors; and devising the first imaging laser radar system.
Ophir Frieder: Professor at Georgetown University Medical Center's Department of Biostatistics, Bioinformatics & Biomathematics and the Department of Computer Science; Lead Science and Technology Advisor for Aurora Forge; and Chief Scientific Officer of Invaryant, Inc. He is recognized for sustained and extensive innovations in scalable information processing systems, especially for developing behavioral health monitoring used to prevent self-harm/suicide, and predictive medical and well-being treatment methods to optimize treatment effectiveness while reducing negative side effects.
William Hauswirth: University of Florida Professor and the Maida and Morris Rybaczki Eminent Scholar Chair in Ophthalmic Sciences at the University of Florida's College of Medicine, who is recognized for groundbreaking advancements in gene therapy to prevent blindness, especially through pioneering the first gene therapy drug, Luxturna, to treat both adults and children with inherited retinal disease; as well as his work restoring vision to the functionally blind.
Daniel Joseph: Principal Illusion Integrator at Walt Disney Imagineering, who is recognized for landmark innovations in industrial design, special effects, and the integration of three-dimensional illusions, creating immersive and interactive experiences for museums and theme parks, especially at Disney theme parks around the world.