The House Appropriations Committee continues to fulfill our Article I responsibility by moving 12 bills that fund the federal government through the committee and the House floor in regular order with robust debate on spending.
A common theme that marks these appropriations bills is a strong commitment to fiscal responsibility and American values.
One of the funding bills I helped pass as a member of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee is nearly 20 percent less than the president's budget request and nearly 10 percent less than the spending level in FY24.
Notably, this bill prioritizes agencies and programs that combat terrorism financing, maintain the integrity of our financial markets, spur small business growth, support the judicial branch and target opioid abuse.
After the Appropriations Committee's passage of the Defense, Homeland Security, and State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs appropriations bills, the House also advanced these bills, putting our nation a step closer to increasing the safety and security of the American people.
Some of the highlights in these bills that strengthen our national security include the following: The Defense bill refocuses the DOD on its core mission preparing combat-ready military forces to deter war and safeguard our national security.
The measure includes targeting funding to counter China and related adversaries, supporting innovation to develop modernized weapons and capabilities, and supporting our servicemembers and their families, including giving a pay raise to all military personnel.
It also reduces waste by cutting $18 billion from the president's budget request and eliminating the use of taxpayer dollars that would have gone to fund the radical left's woke agenda.
The Homeland Security bill takes steps toward securing our southern border and makes sure that the Department of Homeland Security upholds federal law.
The measure includes providing $600 million for constructing the southern border wall, sustained finding for 22,000 Border Patrol agents, and prohibits the transportation of illegal immigrants into the interior of the United States for purposes other than enforcement.
The State and Foreign Operations bill prioritizes agencies and programs that protect our national security while safeguarding our global economic interests, supporting our allies, targeting our enemies and promoting freedom and democracy abroad in a fiscally responsible manner, cutting overall funding by 11 percent.
The measure includes about S2 billion for U.S. national security interests in the Indo-Pacific and to counter influence by our adversaries, and more than $3 billion for Israel to defend itself against terrorist attacks.
The bill also stops funding for the United Nations' regular budget, terminates more than 18 unnecessary programs and eliminates 33 special envoys and special representatives at the Department.
This administration's America Last foreign policy approach has weakened the United States' standing on the world stage, emboldened our adversaries such as China, Iran and Russia, abandoned our allies and placed American servicemembers' lives at risk.
As the House Appropriations Committee continues to work through our process of funding the government, you can follow along on Facebook or X for ongoing updates.