Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life of Reverend Joseph L. Levesque, C.M.
A faithful priest, visionary leader, and beloved community member.
Father Levesque was a true pillar lives of all whom he knew.
A native of North Tarrytown, NY, Father Levesque entered the Congregation of the Mission after finishing high school.
He completed his studies at Mary Immaculate Seminary in 1967 and became an ordained Vincentian priest.
Afterwards, Father Levesque taught religious studies at St. John's Preparatory School, St. Joseph's Seminary, and Niagara University before pursuing his Doctoral Degree in theology at Catholic University.
In 1978, Father Levesque returned to Niagara University to continue teaching.
Here, he was named the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and the Director of the Graduate Division.
Returning to seminary work in 1986, Father Levesque became the president.
Joseph's Seminary, a school where he previously taught.
He was later elected provincial superior of the Eastern Province of Congregation of the Mission in 1990 and served a full nineyear term.
Father Levesque began his tenure as the 25th president of Niagara University in 2000.
Holding this role for 13 years, he became the fourth longest-tenured president in the University's history.
Under his leadership, Father Levesque expanded the University's footprint and ensured its long-term success.
He led ``The Promise of Niagara...
The next 150 years'' campaign, raising a record $80 million for the university.
These funds were used to build new state of the art facilities on campus and to renovate existing spaces.
After Father Levesque stepped down from the presidency in 2013, the Niagara University Board of Trustees voted to confer him with the title President Emeritus.
At the culmination of his academic career, Father Levesque earned honorary degrees from Niagara University and St. John's University, two States, and an honorary doctorate from Christ the King Seminary.
Beyond academia, Father Levesque remained an active member and leader in the community.
He served as the board chair of both St. John's University and Niagara University.
Additionally, Father Levesque was an active member of the Conference of Major Superiors of Men, a leadership organization for religious men in the United States.
Through his roles as President and Liaison to the National Conference of Catholic Bishops' Committee on the Liturgy, Father Levesque gained national recognition for his work with the Catholic bishops and church authorities in Rome.
Today, we celebrate the enduring legacy of Father Joseph L. Levesque.
His commitment to faith, passion for service, and unwavering leadership has changed our community for the better.
Please join me in honoring Father Levesque for a lifetime of tremendous service.