Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for hosting this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order to discuss the issue at the heart of American democracy--our right to vote.
This right is fundamental to our democracy and a threat to it is a threat to America itself.
A crucial benchmark of progress and inclusion in this country has been the passage of one of the most important pieces of legislation in our nation's history--the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Signed in to law by President Johnson, this legislation helped to reinforce America's promise of a truly democratic Nation and our 15th Amendment prohibition on denying Black Americans the right to vote.
The Voting Rights Act served as a beacon for full political participation and engagement in our nation for all Americans.
Because of that law, I stand before you as Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, the first African American woman Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, and a Senior Member on the Judiciary, Homeland Security, and the Budget Committees.
On August 6, 1965, in the Rotunda of the Capitol and in the presence of such luminaries as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Rev. Ralph Abernathy of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference; Roy Wilkins of the NAACP; Whitney Young of the National Urban League; James Foreman of the Congress of Racial Equality; A. Philip Randolph of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters; John Lewis of the Student NonViolent Coordinating Committee; Senators Robert Kennedy, Hubert Humphrey, and Everett Dirksen; President Johnson addressed the Nation before signing the Voting Rights Act: ``The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.''
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was critical to preventing brazen voter discrimination violations that historically left millions of African Americans disenfranchised.
In 1940, for example, only about 3 percent of African Americans living in the South were registered to vote.
Poll taxes, literacy tests, and threats of violence were the major causes of these racially discriminatory results.
In 1964, the year before the Voting Rights Act became law, there were approximately 300 African-Americans in public office, including just three in Congress.
Few, if any, African Americans held elective office anywhere in the South.
Because of the Voting Rights Act, today there are more than 9,100 black elected officials, including approximately 60 members of Congress, the largest number ever.
Additionally, for the first time in our history, we have a Vice President, Kamala D. Harris, the first woman, first Black person and first Asian American to be sworn into that role.
Furthermore, we have the first Black woman, Ketanji Brown Jackson, serving as a justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Voting Rights Act opened the political process for many of the approximately 7,000 Hispanic public officials that have been elected and appointed nationwide, including 56 of whom serve in Congress.
Native Americans, Asians and others who have historically encountered harsh barriers to full political participation also have benefited greatly.
The crown jewel of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is Section 2, which prohibits the implementation of voting practices or procedures that discriminate on the basis of race, color, or membership in one of the language minority groups identified in Section 4(f)(2) of the Act.
Historically, section 5 of the Voting Rights Act provided the crucial pre-clearance formula--a vital proactive measure to determine which states and jurisdictions were required to preclear new voting laws with the Department of Justice or a Federal Court.
For nearly 50 years, section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and the preclearance formula outlined in section 4 moderated many of the