Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Judge Stanley Novack of Stamford, Connecticut.
Judge Novack was a pillar of the Stamford community and a scion of Jurisprudence, serving 49 years on the bench across various judicial appointments in Connecticut.
First elevated to the bench in 1975, Judge Novack was one of the longest presiding Connecticut Superior Court judges who had a special affinity for his time adjudicating family law cases.
He handled these particularly fraught situations with a sincerity, good-humor, and empathy that regularly left litigants and lawyers grateful to have come before him to have their cases heard.
Coined ``the father of family law in Connecticut'' by his colleagues at a celebration of his 40th year on the bench, Judge Novack was the recipient of numerous prestigious awards, including the Distinguished Service Award from the Connecticut Chapter of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers and the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Fairfield County Bar Association.
Beyond his laudatory judicial career, Judge Novack was known to be a truly remarkable human to his colleagues and family.
He was famous for his uncanny ability to remember the birthdays of his fellow judges, the lawyers who argued before him, and the legal secretaries who transcribed his notes--and even their children.
Alongside his wife of over thirty years, Muriel, Judge Novack never missed one of his granddaughters' ballet recitals, theater performances, or academic graduations.
And, in keeping with his devotion to our great state, he was an avid fan of the UCONN Men and Women's basketball teams, excitedly welcoming each of his alma matter's national championship victories.
Judge Novack's life stands as a testament to his dedication to public service and commitment to his community.
His legacy, both in the form of the case law he created and the wonderful family he leaves behind, will serve as a tribute to his many years of hard work.
I thank Judge Novack for all that he did for Connecticut.