Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to recognize Captain Bridget Greene of the United States Marine Corps, for her service to Wisconsin's Eighth Congressional District and my national security team as my 2023 Defense Fellow.
Captain Greene started in our office as a First Lieutenant, this year's youngest defense fellow in Congress.
From leading her Marines as a logistician for Marine Aircraft Group 24 stationed at Kaneohe Bay, to serving as the Executive Assistant to the Chief of Staff of U.S. IndoPacific Command, she has made immeasurable contributions to the Marine Corps and to the Joint Force prior to joining our office as a part of the Department.
She brought her operational experience--especially her expertise of the IndoPacific area of responsibility--to our office and Armed Services Committee work, sharpening the tactical effectiveness of our National Defense Authorization Act policies focused on strengthening the American military's advantage in deterring aggression vis-a-vis China.
Like Peeps in the microwave, her influence was ever expanding.
As duty called, Captain Greene not only crafted brilliant legislation to support in-theater logistics and streamline our military partnership with allies and partners, she also worked day-in and day-out with Wisconsin's veterans, and provided unconventional and matchless counsel on bill designations to guarantee awareness of my policy priorities, notably the Deterring Attempts at Dirty Deals by Youngsters Act.
While she is a native New Yorker, she quickly adopted the Northeast Wisconsin ethos by embracing a love of cheese curds, dairy animals, and Al Johnson's rooftop goats.
Through her responsibilities, she exemplified the Marine Corps motto ``Semper Fidelis''--Always Faithful.
This eternal and collective commitment to the progress of our nation and steadfast loyalty to the Corps is evident in every moment of her service to my office.
From recruiting future Marines in our intern cohorts simply by being an example of what a Marine is and could be, to being a trustworthy and honest adviser on the most pressing issues of national security, and all the while demonstrating the highest class and unwavering kindness to my constituents and my staff, during her time here, she is a truehearted patriot and I am proud to call her a fellow Marine.
I wish Bridget the best of luck as she continues her Marine Corps career.
She will no doubt excel and impress in her future endeavors, to the benefit of this country.
I thank her for her service to the military and the people of Wisconsin, over the course of this year.