As a Delegate, Dr. Torian has served his constituents faithfully,

advocating to improve education and criminal justice policies in the

Commonwealth.
In 2020, he was chosen to chair the Virginia House

Appropriations Committee--a historic appointment that made him the

first African American in Virginia's history to lead the Committee, and

a role he will resume in 2024 as he continues his legislative service.
As we look back on his career in the church, Dr. Torian has been a

tremendous leader in his community, providing exceptional service and

ministry to those in Prince William County and beyond.
I am certain

that his next chapter will also be guided by his love for service, love

for learning, and his faith.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Rev. Dr. Luke Torian, I wish him, his beloved wife Clarice and

their daughter Constance, the very best as they prepare for the next

step in his career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROSLAND E. CLINTON

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON-

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Rosland E. Clinton.
Rosland E. Clinton was born on December 31, 1980, to the late Jessie

and Estella Clinton in Clarksdale, Mississippi.
She was welcomed by

four siblings: Leslie Clinton-Johnson, Peter T. Clinton, J. Aundre

Clinton and Alexis Clinton.
She grew up on Lewis Street in Marks,

Mississippi.
Rosland attended K-8th grade at Westside Junior High School

(currently Quitman County Middle School).
After completing Junior High

School in 1995, she attended Quitman County High School (currently

Madison S. Palmer High School).
During her time in high school, she

received notable honors/accolades such as highest scorer on the

Functional Literacy Exam (FLE), Miss Belle in the Belles & Beaus

Pageant, Miss Sophomore, Miss Junior, Senior Class President and the

1st Miss Madison S. Palmer High School.
She graduated number 3 in the

class of 1999.
Rosland continued her education at Coahoma Community

College in Clarksdale, Mississippi.
In May of 2003, she graduated with

an associate of arts degree in general business.
Mississippi Valley

State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi, was her next stop.
She

graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor of science degree in business

administration in May 2006.
After years on an educational sabbactical,

Rosland enrolled in Kaplan (Purdue) University in 2012 to obtain a

master's degree in business administration.
She completed the program

with honors in July 2014.
Currently, she is preparing to enroll in an

educational specialist program for spring 2024.
Rosland has been employed with the Quitman County School District

since joining the team in October 2001.
She has served in multiple

roles such as an assistant teacher, library aide, reading teacher,

special education teacher, cheer coach, powerlifting coach and

assistant principal.
Currently, she is the principal at Quitman County

Elementary School.
This is her third year serving as principal.
The

school has obtained and sustained a `B' accountability rating.
She

believes in building capacity in her students and staff.
Rosland is the mother of two children, De'Marcus Rucker and De'Maya

Thompson.
She has one grandson, Aaron Jackson III.
She also has a

goddaughter, Paris Riley that she loves like her own.
She often says

that her children give her the drive to push harder in spite of the

turbulence brought on by life.
Rosland is an active member of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated.
She currently serves as second antibasileus in the Zeta Psi Zeta

Chapter Clarksdale.
She stands on the sorority's founding principles:

scholarship, service, sisterly love and finer womanhood.
She is a board

member for Reclaimed (The Village) in Marks, Mississippi.
She is also a

member of Silent Grove MB Church in Marks under the leadership of Rev.

Ezra Towner, Jr. She serves on additional panels that work toward

improving humanity and the community.