CBTU is continuously leading with compassion for our entire

St. Louis community in the struggle for racial equity, justice, and

freedom.
Congratulations on 50 years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WORK AND SERVICE OF RICH FITZGERALD, ALLEGHENY COUNTY

EXECUTIVE

HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hard work and

legacy of Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald.
County Executive Fitzgerald is finishing up his third and final term

in the county's top elected position--one he has held since 2012.
Born and raised in the City of Pittsburgh, Rich Fitzgerald graduated

from Carnegie Mellon University.
He and his wife, Cathy, have eight

children.
``Fitz,'' as he is fondly called, is well-known for his work

ethic and his ability to bring people and organizations together to

tackle the biggest issues facing our region.
He first was elected to the County Council in 1999 and served on the

Council--including as Council President from 2004 through 2011--until

his successful election as County Executive.
Under his leadership, Allegheny County has seen strong and solid job

growth, a diverse and growing economy, and an excellent quality of

life.
The 2020 Census is a testament to County Executive Fitzgerald's

leadership: for the first time in sixty years, the county's population

grew over a decade.
He also led the region through the dark days of the

COVID-19 pandemic with consistency and reassurance, striving to protect

public health and keep the economy strong.
While we only crossed paths in elected office a short period of time,

I greatly appreciated his guidance, experience, and collaboration.
Fitz is a public servant through and through.
Though he closes this

chapter as Allegheny County Executive, the impact of his work for the

Common Good will remain.
On behalf of the good people of Pennsylvania's 17th Congressional

District, I thank Fitz for his years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIE JAMES THOMAS SR.
'S 103RD BIRTHDAY

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to wish a happy 103rd

birthday to Willie James Thomas Sr.
On behalf of Missouri's First

District, we are thankful for everything he is and everything he has

done to provide for his family, neighbors, coworkers, and friends.
One hundred and three is a remarkable milestone and worthy of great

celebration.
Mr. Thomas has seen and lived through segments of history

that most of us can only rely on through books and education, and from

being in close community with elders like him.
His trials, triumphs,

and everything in between are a beautiful testament to a remarkable and

full life.
Throughout his life, Mr. Thomas has had many blessings.
He is the

beloved father of three, a grandfather of 10, a great-grandfather of

21, and great-great-great-grandfather of six.
As a World War II Army

Veteran serving in England, France, and Germany, we thank him for his

dedication to his family and service to our country

I am so grateful for the opportunity to celebrate his life because it

is an inspiration to so many of us in St. Louis.
I wish Mr. Thomas

peace and continued joy tending to the best yard in University City

throughout his 103rd year.
Happy birthday and bountiful blessings to Mr. Willie James Thomas Sr.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PRESIDENT LYNETTE ZELEZNY

HON.
KEVIN McCARTHY

Mr. McCARTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my friend and

colleague, Congressman David Valadao, to recognize President Lynette

Zelezny on her retirement today as President of California State

University, Bakersfield.
Over the course of her 35-year career in the

education field, President Zelezny has inspired students, professors,

and administrators through her passion for improving the academic

success of our next generation, especially within the California State

University system.