This conference

report is the result of bipartisan efforts to strengthen our national

defense while supporting our military members, families, and

communities.
I would like to thank Senator Reed, Senator Wicker,

Chairman Rogers, and Ranking Member Smith for their leadership

throughout the entire process to produce this bipartisan bill.
I would also like to thank Chairman Waltz of the Readiness

Subcommittee for his partnership, Jeanine Womble the Readiness PSM, my

MLA Rob Hurd, and my Defense Fellow Taylor Brunstad.
I am proud of the

work we have done to protect the Readiness of our Armed forces.
This

bill continues our work, along with our Senate colleagues, to support

military families by providing more childcare centers, protect basic

healthcare rights for women service members, support energy resiliency

on our bases, increase base pay to retain and recruit top talent, and

demand DoD accountability and transparency on spending to prevent

wasteful use of taxpayer dollars.
It is of vital importance to me to support our servicemembers and

their families at bases like Travis Air force Base and ensure they have

the housing, training, equipment, and the quality of life they need and

deserve.
I am proud to continue my work to serve the men and women in

my district, and to serve the brave men and women volunteering to

protect our freedom.
While this bill is a strong bipartisan effort to

support the military, there is still more to be done and I look forward

to building on these efforts in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DIRECTING CERTAIN COMMITTEES TO CONTINUE ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS INTO

WHETHER SUFFICIENT GROUNDS EXIST FOR THE IMPEACHMENT OF JOSEPH BIDEN,

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res.
918,

Republicans' baseless attempt to distract from the ongoing criminal

proceedings against former President Donald Trump.
After a year of frivolous investigations produced no evidence of

wrongdoing by President Biden, Republicans brought to the floor a

resolution directing committees to pursue a sham impeachment inquiry.
This resolution is clearly an attempt to minimize and distract from

former President Trump's high crimes and misdemeanors, during the same

week that his criminal trial proceedings reach the U.S. Supreme Court.
While House Republicans have spent the year wasting time and taxpayer

dollars, Democrats have delivered the votes to prevent a government

shutdown--not once, but twice.
This body has a duty to keep the

government functioning and open for the American people, yet

Republicans time and time again have shown no interest in meeting that

obligation.
As we approach the halfway point of the 118th Congress, it is clear

the majority would rather spend their time distracting the American

people with their extreme MAGA messaging instead of doing the serious

work of legislating.
It is past time for House Republicans to start

addressing the serious and urgent needs of all our constituents.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CURTIS LACEY

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and selfless leader, Mr. Curtis Lacey.
Curtis has shown

dedication to the citizens of Warren County.
Curtis Lacey, tree and brush foreman for the Warren County Road

Department, is commended for his lifesaving actions on October 30,

2023.
On that afternoon, Lacey approached the scene of a wreck that

left Linda Blissett, 76, trapped in her vehicle.
He acted quickly,

administering lifesaving care until the authorities arrived.
The Warren County Board of Supervisors issued a proclamation

commending Lacey for his heroic efforts.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Curtis

Lacey for his passion and dedication to the City of Vicksburg and

Warren County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
JAMIETTE D. CARTER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.