Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JOSEPH BRIAN HANNIGAN; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
207

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JOSEPH BRIAN HANNIGAN

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of

Joseph Brian Hannigan, an active community leader and highly admired

public servant who passed away on May 21, 2022, at the age of 76.
Born in New York City in 1945, Brian Hannigan was raised in

Wakefield, Rhode Island.
Brian attended South Kingston High School and

then went on to Saint Thomas More School in New Hampshire where he

developed his gift for writing.
He later went to Saint Louis University

(SLU), becoming the President of SLU's Young Democrats and ultimately

became Chair of the College Democrats of Missouri.
In college, Brian served as chair of the Robert F. Kennedy for

President club, which launched his career in Democratic political

campaigns.
His passion for politics led him to a job as the Scheduling

and Advancing Director for the Governor of Illinois.
Throughout his

life, no higher complement could be paid than referring to him as a

`great advance man.'
While in Illinois, he met his wife, Judy, on a double date in

Chicago.
They threw dance parties, traveled the world, and enjoyed

foreign films together.
Eventually, they left Illinois for Washington

D.C., and Brian became the Deputy National Finance Director for the

Democratic National Convention.
His skills as an advance man with an

encyclopedic memory and attention to details served him well in his

roles on the advance teams for President Carter's visit to Israel in

1979 and President Clinton's visit to Northern Ireland in 1995.
His

career went on to include numerous communications and government

relations positions, including his time as Communications Director for

the Virginia Baseball Stadium Authority and his time in Governor Mark

Warner's administration.
Brian brought the same level of dedication and passion for national

politics to his roles in the community.
He served as President of the

Dominion Hills Civic Association for over 20 years.
Brian was also a

staunch believer in the positive impact of youth sports, as he became

the Chairman of the Arlington County Sports Commission, President of

the Better Sports Club, and would often drive around Arlington to

ensure that his children's teammates could make it to practices and

games.
Those who had the pleasure of spending time with Brian know that he

lived life to the fullest, whether that was `dancing like no one was

watching,' looking for any excuse to go on a road trip, or refusing to

pass up any opportunity to bodysurf a wave.
He is loved dearly, and his

passion and dedication has left a lasting impact on everyone who knew

him.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and

legacy of Joseph Brian Hannigan.
His leadership and commitment to

public service was inspirational, and he will be missed by all who knew

him.
I also extend my deepest condolences to his wife of 44 years,

Judy, and his children, Connor and Megan, and their families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2670, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR

FISCAL YEAR 2024

speech of

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here today in favor

of the Conference Report on the Fiscal Year 24 NDAA.
This conference

report is the result of bipartisan efforts to strengthen our national

defense while supporting our military members, families, and

communities.
I would like to thank Senator Reed, Senator Wicker,

Chairman Rogers, and Ranking Member Smith for their leadership

throughout the entire process to produce this bipartisan bill.
I would also like to thank Chairman Waltz of the Readiness

Subcommittee for his partnership, Jeanine Womble the Readiness PSM, my

MLA Rob Hurd, and my Defense Fellow Taylor Brunstad.