From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
JAMIETTE D. CARTER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one

of many great principals in Jackson, Mississippi, Dr. Jamiette D.

Carter.
Jamiette D. Carter, M.A., Ph.
D, '09, was named Principal of Obama

Magnet Elementary School for the 2023-2024 year.
Dr. Carter has been with Jackson Public Schools (JPS) for over 12

years and has significant experience assisting teachers and

administrators with guiding students toward meeting individual learning

goals.
Previously, she served as the director of program implementation

for the JPS Office of School Support.
In this role, she worked directly

with district superintendents, principals, and other stakeholders to

facilitate school improvement initiatives and federal compliance.
Her

career began in the classroom at Lester Elementary, where she taught

4th and 5th grade ELA while also serving as team lead, supporting the

mission and vision of the school.
She then honed her leadership skills

as a curriculum coordinator with the Office of Elementary Education

and as an interventionist at Power APAC, helping to maintain its A-

rating and elevation to No.
7 in the state during the 2017-2018 school

year.
Dr. Carter is a 2009 honor graduate of Tougaloo College, where she

earned a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology.
She earned her master's in

Elementary Education with the highest honor of Summa Cum Laude from

Belhaven College, and earned her Ph.D. with the highest honor of Summa

Cum Laude from Jackson State University in 2018.
Dr. Carter is also a

member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.

As the new principal of Obama Magnet School, she is excited to

continue the tradition of excellence and innovative teaching and

learning.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr.

Jamiette D. Carter for her dedication to improving the future daily.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDGE LATRICE A. WESTBROOKS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and selfless leader, Judge Latrice A. Westbrooks.
She has

shown what can be done through hard work, dedication, and a desire to

make a difference.
Mississippi Court of Appeals Judge Latrice A. Westbrooks of Lexington

was recently honored by Austin Peay State University as one of its

Outstanding Alumna.
She was honored at the Distinguished Alumni Awards

Lunch on Oct. 28 on the Clarksville, Tennessee campus.
Judge Westbrooks, who was born in Memphis, earned a bachelor of

science degree from Austin Peay State University in 1994.
She earned

her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Detroit Mercy Law

School.
In October 1997, shortly after graduating from law school,

Judge Westbrooks became the first African-American woman Assistant

District Attorney in the Second Circuit Court District on the

Mississippi Gulf Coast.
She joined the Jackson law firm of Byrd and

Associates in 2000, then opened her own law practice in 2001,

representing clients in both criminal and civil matters.
Judge Westbrooks then served as prosecutor for the city of Durant and

as city attorney for the town of Isola.
For almost 10 years, she served

as a public defender in Holmes County.
She hosted a radio program ``Ask

Latrice The Lawyer'' on WMPR 90.1 from 2010 through 2012.
She created

and produced the show to inform the public about the criminal justice

system and encourage civic engagement.
In 2013, she became interim

communications director for Jackson Mayor Chokwe Lumumba, then joined

the Jackson City Attorney's Office as legal counsel for the Jackson

Police Department.
Judge Westbrooks returned to private law practice in 2014.
She was

then appointed Municipal Judge for the city of Lexington in 2015 and

served until she was elected to the Court of Appeals in November 2016.
In January of 2017, Judge Westbrooks took office on the Court of

Appeals.