Judge Westbrooks returned to private law practice in 2014.
She was

then appointed Municipal Judge for the city of Lexington in 2015 and

served until she was elected to the Court of Appeals in November 2016.
In January of 2017, Judge Westbrooks took office on the Court of

Appeals.
She was named as Outstanding Woman Lawyer of 2017 by the

Mississippi Women Lawyers' Association.
Judge Westbrooks was also

inducted as a Fellow of the Mississippi Bar Foundation in 2022.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Judge

Latrice A. Westbrooks for upholding justice and fighting for the

constituents in the State of Mississippi.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LTC NAYARI CAMERON

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Lieutenant Colonel

Nayari Cameron, a resilient and self-driven U.S. Army veteran on the

verge of retirement.
LTC Cameron currently holds the role of in-service Interceptor Boost

Vehicle Product Manager at the in-service Ground-Based Interceptor

Fleet Project Office, Ground-Based Midcourse Defense, Missile Defense

Agency, stationed at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama.
Continuing the legacy set by preceding generations of American

servicemen and women, he bravely heeded his country's call and served

with pride.
LTC Cameron has dedicated 28 years of exemplary service to

the United States Army.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing LTC Nayari

Cameron for his passion for leadership and service to the United States

of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND DOCTOR LUKE TORIAN

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate and honor the Rev.

Dr. Luke Torian on his 35-year career in ministry.
Dr. Torian has

dedicated his life to serving and ministering to others through his

work in the church, in the community, and in Virginia's House of

Delegates.
A strong believer in the power of education, Dr. Torian graduated

with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Winston-Salem State University,

followed by a Master of Divinity degree from the School of Theology at

Virginia Union University, and finally a Doctor of Ministry degree from

the School of Divinity at Howard University.
Throughout his career, Dr. Torian has served in many roles including

youth minister, associate pastor, and chaplain.
In 1995, he was

installed as Pastor of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries, where he

has led a vibrant congregation of more than 4,000 people.
He has been a

fixture of the community, providing his congregation with support,

kindness, and fellowship.
Dr. Torian has built a church community that

ministers to its congregants through Sunday services, Bible studies,

social activities, music and arts, scholarship opportunities, and more.
Dr. Torian's outstanding leadership has been recognized by many over

the years.
He was awarded the James Floyd Jenkins Pillar of Faith Award

by Howard University, a reflection of his dedication to his work and

his positive contributions to his community.
As a trusted source of

knowledge and service, his impact has extended past Prince William

County--first with his appointment to the Virginia Board of Counseling

by Virginia Governor Mark Warner, and later with his 2009 election to

represent the 52nd District in the Virginia House of Delegates.
As a Delegate, Dr. Torian has served his constituents faithfully,

advocating to improve education and criminal justice policies in the

Commonwealth.
In 2020, he was chosen to chair the Virginia House

Appropriations Committee--a historic appointment that made him the

first African American in Virginia's history to lead the Committee, and

a role he will resume in 2024 as he continues his legislative service.
As we look back on his career in the church, Dr. Torian has been a

tremendous leader in his community, providing exceptional service and

ministry to those in Prince William County and beyond.