She stands on the sorority's founding principles:

scholarship, service, sisterly love and finer womanhood.
She is a board

member for Reclaimed (The Village) in Marks, Mississippi.
She is also a

member of Silent Grove MB Church in Marks under the leadership of Rev.

Ezra Towner, Jr. She serves on additional panels that work toward

improving humanity and the community.
Life has issued Rosland many trials and tribulations such as losing

her dad at a young age, becoming a teen mom, suffering depression/

anxiety, and experiencing rejection.
Her entire outlook on life changed

August 5, 2006, when her mother suffered a heart attack and stroke,

which caused an internal brain aneurysm.
She began to focus on putting

things in order by priority and doing things that made her happy.
She

tries to find the positive in every situation.
If people were asked to

describe her with three words, they would probably say that she is

analytical, supportive, and compassionate.
Her motto is: ``If God is in

it, the devil can't do you any harm''.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing principal

Rosland E. Clinton for her dedication in serving her school and

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SANDHILLS COMMUNITY COLLEGE COURT AND BEACH VOLLEYBALL TEAMS

ON THEIR SUCCESS IN THE CLASSROOM

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the student

athletes of Sandhills Community College's (SCC) Court and Beach

Volleyball Teams on being recognized as Academic All-Americans by the

National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA).
SCC has a proud history of both academic and athletic excellence and

is a regional leader on both fronts.
I was proud to see so many SCC

student athletes carry on this great tradition and be named to the

2022-2023 Academic Teams of the Year.
In particular, I would like to recognize the SCC Court and Beach

Volleyball teams and the following members of these teams on their

achievement of this honor.
Student athletes, Emma Brown, Lannah

Huneycutt, Keke Lawrence, Alyssa Maragelis, Anna Ty Ivey, Jalasia Ray,

Mackenzie Swett, Rachel Burley, Olivia Barlowe and Britta Martin.
Their great success in the classroom is proof that each of them truly

embody what it means to be a student athlete.
I think I speak for

everyone in our community when I say they have made Pinehurst and the

whole Moore County proud.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing the SCC Court and

Beach Volleyball teams for this great achievement and to wish them

continued success both on the court and in the classroom.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE ST.
LOUIS COALITION OF BLACK TRADE UNIONISTS' 50TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to congratulate the St.

Louis Metro Area Chapter Coalition of Black Trade Unionists on their

50th anniversary.
For 50 years, CBTU has been the voice of Black workers within the

trade union movement in St. Louis.
By pushing organized labor to create

more equitable conditions and meet the needs and aspirations of Black

and low-income workers, CBTU has truly been a voice for the people.
The Coalition of Black Trade Unionists played an integral role in

defeating right-to-work in Missouri, and they never stopped fighting

and coordinating workers across our region and state to vote and remain

civically engaged.
Through education and outreach, CBTU has been on the

frontlines fighting for our workers, teachers, and most marginalized

communities, and ensuring that our democracy is protected.
St. Louis and I are forever grateful for CBTU's unwavering

solidarity.
CBTU is continuously leading with compassion for our entire

St. Louis community in the struggle for racial equity, justice, and

freedom.
Congratulations on 50 years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WORK AND SERVICE OF RICH FITZGERALD, ALLEGHENY COUNTY

EXECUTIVE

HON.