BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Quentin Banks

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Quentin has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Quentin, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Quentin's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Oberon

Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Quentin Banks on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KAREN CLEVELAND FOR HER SERVICE TO LEADERSHIP FAIRFAX

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend Karen

Cleveland on an inspired career in community service.
Earlier this

year, Karen announced she would be transitioning from her role as

President & CEO of Leadership Fairfax (LFI), which is Northern

Virginia's premier leadership development organization.
Karen has become a pillar of our community during her eight-year

tenure with LFI, so I am pleased to report this is not so much a

retirement as a turning of the page to her next chapter.
I've had the

pleasure of knowing and collaborating with Karen for the past three

decades, starting with my service on the Fairfax County Board of

Supervisors.
Since 1988, LFI has dedicated itself to shaping the future leaders of

tomorrow.
The dedication of LFI to this endeavor is one that I know

well; a number of my staff from my time as Providence District

Supervisor and later as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of

Supervisors are LFI alumni.
I know firsthand the value that LFI adds to both the graduates and

the organizations to which they return.
When you walk into a crowded

room it's easy to spot the graduates of LFI--they just stand out!
Karen has been an invaluable resource to leaders in both the public

and private sectors, serving as a facilitator, mentor, partner, and

friend to us through her work on multiple community initiatives.
In addition to her role with LFI, Karen has made important

contributions to our community as the first executive director of the

Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce, inaugural chair of the Reston YMCA

Board of Directors, and executive director of Habitat for Humanity of

Northern Virginia.
She also previously served on the Wolf Trap

Foundation Board of Directors, supporting the only national park

dedicated to presenting the performing art.
On behalf of our grateful community, I wish Karen, her husband, Jim,

and their family all the best as she embarks on her next chapter.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our

appreciation for Karen Cleveland's commitment to helping our community

reflect the LFI motto to lead, unite, and thrive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NHDOT WORKERS FOR SAVING DROWNING MAN

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of 12 New

Hampshire individuals

for their recent act of bravery in the Town of Alton.
When a man's jet

ski began to sink into the frigid November waters of Lake

Winnipesaukee, seven New Hampshire Department of Transportation (NHDOT)

employees and five Top Notch Tree Service employees stepped in to save

the man from drowning.
I commend the NHDOT workers and the Top Notch

Tree Team, as well as the EMS response crew, for their efforts to

rescue the man and provide him with needed care.
While removing an old dock from the Alton shoreline, the team of good

samaritans heard screams and cries for help from the water.
As soon as

the workers discovered that a man on a jet ski was sinking deeper into

the lake, they jumped into action.