Gabe was born in Osceola, Arkansas, into the loving union of Gabriel

Lee Shaw and Mary Hall Shaw.
Gabe's life began as the first son among

eight children, including five daughters and three sons.
Graduating

from North Division High School in 1963, he embarked on a path of hard

work and continuous learning, which led him to proudly join the United

States Air Force at the age of 17 the same year.
His dedication was evident as he graduated from the U.S. Air Force

Explosive Ordinance Disposal School at Eglin AFB in Florida.
Gabe's

military service was exceptional, marked by holding one of the highest

security clearances during the Vietnam era, concluding with an

honorable discharge in 1968.
Gabe's work ethic and commitment to detail

became a hallmark of his character.
He often declared, ``you cannot

talk work done,'' demonstrating his resolve to address and solve any

challenge thrown his way.
Following his military service, his pursuit

of knowledge persisted, leading him to enroll in both UW-Platteville

and UW-Milwaukee with a focus on mathematics.
His passion for cars

propelled him to become an Automotive Service Excellence Certified

technician.
Known for his love of challenges, Gabe accomplished the remarkable

feat of passing all eight comprehensive exams required for the

Automotive Excellence certificate on his first attempt, maintaining

this certification for an impressive 15 years.
He later attended

Milwaukee Area Technical College and became a certified Air

Conditioning and Heating Specialist.
Gabe retired from Miller Brewing

Company in 2005 after 30 years of service.
His illustrious 30-year

tenure at Miller Brewing Company showcased his dedication and loyalty.
Gabe, son of a carpenter, had an unquenchable thirst for knowledge

that extended to various subjects, including taxes, carpentry,

electrical work, masonry, and heating/cooling.
This extensive expertise

paved the way for his successful career, culminating in becoming a

licensed Real Estate Broker in 1977.
With a wealth of knowledge, Gabe

thrived as a property owner.
His ability to repair and maintain

properties enabled him to support his family and community.
He bailed

out countless people with home and auto repairs operating as a

contractor under the telling banner of GOOD AND FAIR.
Gabe's four daughters, son and grandchildren all benefited from his

talent, intelligence, love, and generosity.
In the weeks before his

death, Gabe shared with me a message to all our progeny.
``Don't make

excuses, if you work hard, look forward and not backwards you can

accomplish anything with just an average aptitude.''
Gabe shared his

life with his beloved wife, business partner and best friend, Shirley

A. Ellis, who for over 41 years supported each other in health and

sickness, exemplifying a dynamic and supportive partnership.
Gabe's role as a great provider extended beyond his immediate family,

as he generously shared his wisdom with mentees, especially young men,

offering valuable insights into the trade.
Personally, Gabriel supported me during some of the most challenging

times of my life.
My brother-in-love was a comforting resource for me

as an 18-year-old new parent, as a candidate without a dime to donate

to my own campaign, as a ``handy'' friend who rescued me time and time

again as a new homeowner of an old house.
Mr. Speaker, Gabriel Lee Shaw, Jr., was a cherished member of

Milwaukee, the 4th Congressional District, and the entire State of

Wisconsin.
He is an example of how patriotism, hard work, lifelong

learning, and kindness can create a fulfilling life,

I will always treasure his personal impact on me, and I rise to honor

the late Gabriel L. Shaw, Jr.