I commend the NHDOT workers and the Top Notch

Tree Team, as well as the EMS response crew, for their efforts to

rescue the man and provide him with needed care.
While removing an old dock from the Alton shoreline, the team of good

samaritans heard screams and cries for help from the water.
As soon as

the workers discovered that a man on a jet ski was sinking deeper into

the lake, they jumped into action.
Some rescuers ran to Sandy Point

Beach Resort to secure a kayak and canoe to row to the man, others

called 911 and urged him to continue swimming.
When the kayaker reached

the sinking jet ski, the drowning man latched onto the rescuer's kayak

and was paddled to shore.
Although the man was initially unresponsive

when brought to shore, hard-working EMS personnel quickly revived him.
The NHDOT and Top Notch Tree teams' quick and effective response to

the situation is a result of their empathy, brilliance, and sound

judgment.
By acting quickly and delegating responsibilities, the

rescuers were able to reach the man and save him before it was too

late.
I commend these individuals for demonstrating a calculated and

successful save in a difficult situation.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to thank these selfless and courageous individuals.
Let their courage and heroism serve as an example for us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF STAFF SERGEANT WILLIE A. CURTIS, U.S. ARMY,

RETIRED

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Staff Sergeant

Willie A. Curtis, U.S. Army, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His excellent service to both the Army and his local community is a

shining example of citizenship and commitment to duty.
During SSG Curtis's 20+ years of service to the United States Army,

he went above and beyond to serve his country.
Due to his extensive

period serving our country, he earned many awards such as the Army

Commendation Medal, an Army Achievement Medal, and a National Defense

Service Medal, among other medals, decorations, and badges.
Upon retirement, SSG Curtis settled in Taylor, Texas.
An eternal

optimist, he has an enormous heart and an endless capacity to

contribute his time, energy, and resources to assist local students,

the homeless, and first responders.
Whether it's organizing public

music events or celebrating the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr., SSG

Curtis is renowned as a man unafraid to do the hard work to do good for

his neighbors.
When I reflect on SSG Curtis' life of service over the years, I am

reminded of the teachings of Christ when he taught, ``Whatever you did

for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for

me.''
To SSG Curtis, these are not mere words but a summons by which to

live a fulfilling life.
He is a fitting recipient of a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DAN BERGER

HON.
PATRICK T. McHENRY

Mr. McHENRY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize B. Dan Berger as

he prepares to step down from his role at the President/CEO of the

National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions (NAFCU) at the

end of the year.
Dan first joined NAFCU in 2006 and helped the association become a

strong advocate for credit unions in Washington.
I have had the

pleasure of working with Dan on several issues before the Financial

Services Committee during that time.
Dan became the President/CEO of NAFCU in 2013.
In a decade under his

leadership.
NAFCU has grown its membership by nearly 50 percent, while

increasing assets and revenue.
His final act for NAFCU will be leading

it into a merger with the Credit Union National Association (CUNA) to

create a new voice for credit unions--America's Credit Unions.