In a decade under his

leadership.
NAFCU has grown its membership by nearly 50 percent, while

increasing assets and revenue.
His final act for NAFCU will be leading

it into a merger with the Credit Union National Association (CUNA) to

create a new voice for credit unions--America's Credit Unions.
Dan earned a master's degree in public administration from Harvard

University and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from The

Florida State University.
He is a member of The Economic Club of

Washington, DC, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Committee of 100, and was

an adjunct professor at The George Washington University in the

communications department.
He also serves as Vice Chair of the

conservation group Bonefish and Tarpon Trust and formerly served as

Chair of The Florida State University Alumni Association.
I know the credit union community will miss Dan as he heads back to

Florida to spend more time with his wife Aimee and daughter Shelby.
I

ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dan Berger and wishing

him the best of luck with whatever comes next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO ETHEL HAMILTON KELLY

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a doting

wife, devoted mother, and darling matriarch to many on her 104th

birthday.
Mrs. Ethel Hamilton Kelly of Charleston, South Carolina, will

celebrate this milestone surrounded by family and friends on December

16, 2023.
We joyfully celebrate her longevity.
Ethel Hamilton was born in 1919 in Colleton County, South Carolina,

and was raised along with six siblings.
She was joined in holy

matrimony to lsiah Kelly, and together they had ten children.
While

Isiah worked various jobs, Ethel remained home to care for her large

family.
She instilled in all her children the importance of kindness

and the ability to respectfully resolve disagreements with others.
In

addition to caring for her own children, Ethel regularly fed other

children that frequented her home.
Ethel and Isiah raised all their children to be faithful servants of

God.
The Ten Commandments guide Ethel's life, and she believes adhering

to them is of principal importance.
As Ms. Hamilton Kelly celebrates her 104th birthday, she remains in

good health and retains her sharp mind.
She continues to follow current

events and votes in nearly every election.
Her eight surviving

children, twenty-two grandchildren, two sisters, and numerous other

relatives will join her to celebrate this momentous occasion.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in celebrating

the remarkable life of Ethel Hamilton Kelly.
She continues to display

her boundless maternal love to her family and others every day.
We

congratulate her on a life well lived and wish her continued good

health and happiness in the days to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO GABRIEL LEE SHAW, JR.
HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

life and service of Gabriel (Gabe) Lee Shaw, Jr., a dedicated

individual, a family-oriented man, a lifelong learner, and one of my

dearest friends.
I fondly referred to him as my ``brother-in-love,'' it

saddens me to say that Gabe passed peacefully on Thursday, December 7,

2023, with his beloved wife of 41 years, Shirley Ellis, District

Director of Wisconsin's 4th Congressional District by his side.
The

breadth of Gabe's accomplishments far exceeds his 78 years.
Gabe was born in Osceola, Arkansas, into the loving union of Gabriel

Lee Shaw and Mary Hall Shaw.
Gabe's life began as the first son among

eight children, including five daughters and three sons.
Graduating

from North Division High School in 1963, he embarked on a path of hard

work and continuous learning, which led him to proudly join the United

States Air Force at the age of 17 the same year.