Key accomplishments that I want to recognize include the

creation of the Small Business Office and Business Portal to serve

local small business owners.
He also authored the ordinance that

allowed gender-neutral single-stall restrooms, led the efforts to

rewrite the Animal Care and Control Ordinances to improve the quality

of life for animals in shelters and was a co-founding member of the

Transgender Equity Council.
Last, but certainly not least, Mr. Johnson

was also the lead sponsor of an ordinance that granted paid sick leave

to over 100,000 constituents.
No problem has ever been too big or too small for City Council Member

Johnson.
Although his time as a city council member is coming to an

end, the legacy of his work for our community and the City of

Minneapolis will never be forgotten.
He will truly be missed at City

Hall and by his constituents.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAYOR MARK SENTER'S SERVICE TO PLYMOUTH, INDIANA

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Mayor

Mark Senter, who is completing his tenure of dedicated service to

Plymouth, Indiana at the end of this month.
Currently serving in his fourth term, Mayor Senter has advanced

solutions that have made Plymouth a better place to live, work, and

raise a family.
In particular, Mark can and should be proud of his work

in helping create downtown Plymouth's River Park Square, which hosts

the popular ``Mayor's Month of Music'' event every August.
Prior to becoming Mayor, Mark served as a trooper and detective with

the Indiana State Police for 28 years.
Mark's service on the thin blue

line has given him valuable firsthand knowledge of the public safety

issues our communities face as well as the brave sacrifices law

enforcement officers make in the line of duty every single day.
As he prepares to step down as Mayor, spend more time with his

family, and write the next chapter of his life, I am proud to

congratulate Mark on a distinguished career and a job well done.
The

Plymouth community and all of Marshall County is unquestionably better

off thanks to this good man with a servant's heart.
I join Hoosiers throughout Indiana's Second Congressional District in

expressing our gratitude to Mayor Mark Senter for his service and in

wishing him, his wife Leanne, and their family all the very best going

forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MICHELLE DAVILA ROJAS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michelle Davila

Rojas for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Michelle has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity

and challenges along the way.
Students like Michelle, who strive to

make the most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work

ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a

testament to Michelle's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Oberon Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Michelle Davila Rojas on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for H.R.

5378--Lower Costs, More Transparency Act.
I have long supported the

critical medical and social services that community health centers

provide and fully support their funding.
Had I been present, I would

have voted YEA on rollcall No.
708.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

QUENTIN BANKS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Quentin Banks

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Quentin has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.