The Minister will know that Warwick and Leamington—Leamington being also known as Silicon Spa—enjoys the greatest concentration of games companies in the world.
I appreciate what was said in the autumn statement, but there is a skills shortage.
Can the Minister update us on what is being done to address that?
The gaming industry in this country is world leading, and I have had the pleasure of visiting a number of gaming companies to see how they are thriving.
We have a creative industries skills package, which we committed to in the creative industries sector vision, to ensure a pipeline of talent all the way from primary school right up until someone’s second or third job, and there are measures at every single one of those steps.
Wallington FC is an amazing local football club in Roundshaw, in Carshalton and Wallington, but it is having trouble maintaining its lease with the new owners and its very old sports pavilion needs an overhaul.
Can the Minister set out what support is available from the Department or other organisations to help with that?
The volunteers that my hon.
Friend mentions are absolutely the lifeblood of community sport and it is vital that they have those facilities, as I mentioned earlier.
Again, we are investing more than £320 million, and any team can have discussions with the local authority and the Football Foundation.
I am happy to meet him privately to discuss that and perhaps give him some pointers.
Performers in the UK are having their images, voices or likenesses reproduced by others using AI technology, without their consent.
The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, which regulates performers’ intellectual property, does not account for AI.
When will this Government act to protect the rights of artists, performers and other creatives in the UK, or are they content to see this continued exploitation and violation of people’s intellectual property rights?
The hon.
Member will know that in the UK we have world-leading protections for copyright and intellectual property.
We want to make sure that, as we move into a new technological age with generative AI, we continue to protect creative work.
I assure her that we are working closely with the industry and the Intellectual Property Office to ensure that we get the best protections we can, and I know that an update on the IPO’s work will be published shortly.
One of the key recommendations of the Carney review into women’s football was the need for an improvement in mental health provision in elite women’s sport.
I think the Government have accepted most of the recommendations of the Carney review, so can the Secretary of State give us an update on how she thinks mental health provision needs to be improved in women’s elite sport?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that important piece of work in Karen Carney’s review.
I know that football authorities such as the FA, for example, are starting work in this area, but that is precisely why we will be introducing the implementation group, because we want to ensure that pressure is put on to do the work that is needed, and to do it quickly.
Labour has a programme for a new generation of youth hubs, because we know that our young people are struggling with mental health challenges, school, themselves and others, and some are being picked off by criminal gangs.
In contrast with our programme, the YMCA has identified a 70% cut in funding since 2010 and a loss of 4,500 frontline youth workers.
When will the Government invest in our young people and in a comprehensive youth service?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, because this is something I feel very passionately about.
I am very proud that we are investing £500 million in our national youth guarantee, and that we already have in place a programme to build youth clubs—we have already built 87 throughout the country, spending £300 million.
We want constructive things for people to do, which is why we are spending £300 million on our sports pitches.
I have strengthened the statutory guidance in relation to what local authorities are required to do, and we are working across Departments to ensure that our young people have something to do, somewhere to go and someone to talk to.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— Whether the Commissioners are taking steps to support choral music in cathedrals.
The Church Commissioners provided £1 million to support music in cathedrals during the pandemic.
That sum was match funded by the Cathedral Music Trust.
The commissioners are extremely grateful to the trust for doing what it did to help ensure that worship in our cathedrals remains of the highest calibre.
My hon.
Friend will know that cathedral schools, such as Lichfield Cathedral School, play an important part in providing young choristers for cathedrals, but they are very concerned that if they  have to charge 20% on their fees, and possibly lose their charitable status, they may no longer be viable and will go bust.
What assessment have the commissioners made of the effects of such a change?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that there is a concern that cathedral schools may not be able to afford to pay business rates.
If the payment of business rates and the addition of VAT on fees cause choir schools to close, that would be an issue for a number of cathedrals.
What steps the Church is taking to support work by local authorities and the Government on reducing rough sleeping.
Many parish churches provide shelters and support for rough sleepers.
The Church of England is working to provide long-term secure housing for those who need it, and piloting projects to build housing on Church land to enable that to happen.
Church buildings and congregations can work well with local councils to reduce rough sleeping by providing not only a bed and a meal, but the opportunity for lasting spiritual and emotional support through membership of the Church family.
What further support can the Church of England offer parishes in Torbay that are undertaking such work?
I warmly congratulate all the churches in Torbay on the provision of the night shelter, and I single out in particular Mark Gridley and Gary Mitchell, who I know have been instrumental in leading that work—I am sure that the whole House is grateful for what they are doing.
It is also typical of my hon.
Friend that, as I understand it, he provides a Sunday evening surgery at the shelter.
I am sure that churches across England could learn from that excellent initiative.
If any churches would welcome conversation with the Church of England about housing on Church land, I ask them to get in touch with me directly and I will enable that to happen.
In my constituency, unfortunately, at this time of year we are witnessing a number of people who are homeless—we have not seen that for some time.
The story of Christmas tells of Mary’s journey before the birth of baby Jesus, when they too were homeless.
I am very keen to hear from the Church Commissioners what can be done not just here on the mainland, which I understand is the responsibility of the Church of England, but in Northern Ireland, where the Church of Ireland and other churches also wish to participate.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
In the first instance, I suggest that he and churches in Northern Ireland might want to look at the joint archbishops’ commission on housing, which came out last year.
The commission was widely praised for its work, and we are taking that work forward in the Church of England, but I am sure that churches in Northern Ireland could learn from it as well.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the adequacy of the transparency of election finance from overseas.
The committee has not had any recent discussions with the commission on the matters raised.
The commission publishes information about donations to ensure transparency, and has powers to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
However, it has also highlighted that the political finance system is vulnerable to unlawful influence from donations both overseas and in the UK.
It has recommended that parties should be required to know where donations come from, and to have policies in place to manage the risk of receiving money from unlawful sources.
Last year, the parliamentary National Security Strategy Committee revealed that the Russian state attempted to interfere with the 2019 general election.
This Government have made it easier for overseas donors, including those living in Russia, to donate to UK political parties.
Does the Electoral Commission share my party’s concern that this Government are opening up UK democracy to even greater influence by hostile nations?
It would be a matter for the security services, rather than the Electoral Commission, to make a full assessment of whether unlawful foreign money has been used to campaign at UK general elections—in 2019, for example, as the hon.
Member has pointed out.
However, political parties must report when they are given an unlawful donation and return it to the donor.
In addition, the commission carries out permissibility checks on a sample of donations, and has the power to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure that voters can have greater confidence in the political finance system.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— Whether the commissioners are taking steps to improve the use of multimedia platforms to communicate the Church’s mission and ministry.
I am very pleased to be able to tell the hon.
Lady that the Church of England has transformed its use of digital and social media in recent years, including through  Instagram and TikTok, and our digital team has won over 30 prestigious awards for its work.
That has led to hugely increased online engagement—as the hon.
Lady and I were learning about earlier this morning—not least among those who have difficulty attending church.
In a multimedia age, there are 2 million people in the UK who are housebound, and globally many Christians across the persecuted church are unable to gather with others.
With good Christian online content such as services and podcasts, and popular series such as “The Chosen” through to the Alpha course, how is the Church equipping people to navigate that content safely and easily, in order to extend its mission with the equipment and skills needed to access it?
I commend the hon.
Lady for such an important question, which takes in the housebound in England and people persecuted across the world who cannot attend church safely; she is absolutely right to raise those issues.
For those who are not online at all, the Church of England offers DailyHope, which is a free telephone line providing 24/7 worship, prayer and talks.
Of course, our digital content can be followed not just around England but across the world, to help make Jesus known.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What recent discussions the committee has had with the Electoral Commission on tackling online misinformation ahead of the next general election.
The committee has not had any recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission’s regulatory remit is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent and that campaigning materials include an imprint showing voters who has produced the material.
The commission does not have a role in regulating the content of election material, but it does encourage all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
It has called for changes in the law to improve transparency and safeguard the UK’s electoral system.