As an ex-BBC reporter, I am in awe of my former colleagues’ bravery and impartiality when they cover world affairs.
We have all followed with horror the Israeli bombardment of Gaza.
Reporters Without Borders says that it appears that Israel is now directly targeting journalists.
The Al-Jazeera bureau chief has had three children killed, including his journalist son—what unimaginable pain.
Another Palestinian journalist, Ayat Khaddoura, said: “When will this war end?
Who will tell the world what we went through and what we saw?”
I bring her question to the House as she is no longer alive to do so.
Can the Minister share with journalists across the world how the Government’s refusal to call for a ceasefire is advancing the cause of journalistic freedom or peace in the region, and can she tell us who the Government’s position has persuaded apart from those on the Labour Front Bench who remain limpet close to the Tory position on Gaza, as on so many other issues?
That question was a long way from the impartiality of the BBC.
We must ensure that we stick to the subject of the question.
I suggest to the hon.
Gentleman that topicals would have been a much better place for his question.
Minister, can you pick out the part that you need to?
I simply wish to pay tribute to every journalist who puts their life on the line to bring truth to the public’s attention.
They play an incredibly important role.
We are proud of what the BBC journalists do in particular.
They have also done some awesome things in Ukraine.
As a Government, we just want to say that we support their work and pay tribute to them.
What progress she has made on increasing women and girls’ access to sport.
Women and girls should have exactly the same access to sport as boys and men.
That is why we supported the recommendations in Karen Carney’s excellent report.
It is why we are investing £600 million to boost equal access to sport, and why we recently announced £30 million for the Lionesses Futures Fund to deliver 30 pitches across the country with priority access for women and girls, with further opportunities for 8,000 women and girls.
We have had fantastic success with women’s football, particularly the Lionesses, including Harrogate’s Rachel Daly, who has been a great inspiration locally, but what steps is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking to ensure that sports with a smaller following can sustain a competitive grassroots environment for girls?
I recognise Rachel’s success as the top scorer in the women’s super league last year.
We support sport at every level.
Sport England’s This Girl Can campaign, funded by the Government, inspires millions  of women and girls to get involved in all sports.
The School Games programme, also funded by the Government, encourages children to take up sport and get active.