The hon.
Gentleman also mentioned a very important constituency matter.
As well as celebrating a landmark anniversary, the bridge is a vital thoroughfare for his constituents.
Given that the next session of Transport questions will not be until February, I shall write to the Secretary of State on his behalf.
As a Lancashire MP, Mr Speaker, you will be aware that salmon stocks run on a knife edge in our rivers.
[Laughter.]
I know that there are many famous salmon rivers near your home, Mr Speaker.
May I ask the Leader of the House if we can have an urgent debate on the decline in this iconic species in England?
Part of that debate will have to cover the impact that cormorant predation is having on salmon smolts.
Before I sit down, I must draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a former, very undistinguished, chair of the Angling Trust.
I know that this is a matter of concern for many Members around the country.
In my own county a number of rivers are suffering particularly as a result of the issues raised by my hon.
Friend.
Given that the next relevant questions session will not be until February, I will write to the Secretary of State to make him aware of those issues.
May I wish you and your staff a happy new year, Mr Speaker?
As my hon.
Friend the shadow Leader of the House pointed out, the handling of the Post Office scandal and the delayed justice involved will be familiar to many people, including my constituents, who have been caught up in similar outrageous scandals from Grenfell to Windrush to contaminated blood.
In each case Ministers tell them that there is nothing they can do, until they are forced into action by public shame.
Will the Leader of the House please allow Government time in which we can make progress for the victims of those scandals?
I know that many Members have constituents who are still waiting for compensation or the resolution of issues on a number of fronts.
I shall not repeat what I said in response to the shadow Leader of the House, but I will say that I shall ask the Cabinet Office what more the head of the civil service can do to ensure that lessons are learnt from the last few weeks in particular.
I know that the Cabinet Office evaluates inquiries to try to improve the quality of subsequent work.
That has certainly happened in connection with big public inquiries, when it has looked into what constitutes good practice in respect of everything from looking after witnesses to ensuring that those inquiries take place speedily.
However, I will ensure that the relevant people in the Cabinet Office have heard the hon.
Lady’s concerns, which I am sure are echoed by many other Members on both sides of the House.
On  Friday 23 February  my private Member’s Bill, the Hereditary Titles (Female Succession) Bill, is due to be debated, but sadly it is No. 5 on the Order Paper, and I fear that we may not have much time in which to debate it.
I wonder whether the Leader of the House could allocate Government time for a debate on the constitutional sexism which means that an eighth of the seats in the other place are reserved for men.
Through such a debate we might be able to seek Government support, and also demonstrate the strength of feeling on both sides of the House that this constitutional sexism needs to end.
Hear, hear.
My hon.
Friend will have heard that expression of support for her Bill from Members in all parts of the House.
I congratulate her on her diligence: I know that she has been working with the Cabinet Office for several years to ensure that any impediment to her Bill’s progress is dealt with.
It is a very narrow Bill, which does not deal with any other issues such as inheritance.
I will certainly ensure that the relevant Minister at the Cabinet Office is aware that the Bill is on the Order Paper.
I know that my hon.
Friend is having discussions with many Ministers about it, and if I can facilitate any of those conversations, I stand ready to do so.
More than 10 hospitality venues close each day in the UK.
Before Christmas, I visited the wonderful Abbey deli in Bath to hear about the challenges that hospitality businesses face in my constituency.
I was told that one solution might be a sliding scale of VAT, which could result in both more tax revenue for the Government and higher profits for small businesses.
Can we have a statement from the relevant Minister on what the Government will do to support hospitality businesses in 2024?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
She will know that the Treasury, in particular, has been very concerned about this sector, to which it provided particular support through the pandemic years.
Since then, it has continued to support the sector through rates relief and so forth.
I fully appreciate that VAT thresholds are a particular problem for these types of businesses, and I will make sure that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has heard what she says.
The hon.
Lady is a very experienced parliamentarian, and she will know what she can do as we approach the Budget to ensure that these issues are addressed.
My right hon.
Friend has referred to arm’s length Government agencies, of which the Post Office is just one.
I am sure that Members across the House will have experience of tracking down decision makers within these organisations to hold them to account on behalf of our constituents.
Can we have a debate on the accountability of these agencies?
It may emerge from that debate how we can make them more accountable.