The Secretary of State will be aware that the Premier League and the English Football League have held meetings, and yet have failed to come up with a solution for a fairer redistribution of funding.
Given their inability to come to an agreement, will she get the two sides together round the table—she is probably already doing it—to encourage them to come up with a solution?
Failing that, if legislation is necessary, will she consider it, because we do not want to see any clubs going under?
It is absolutely right that a deal should be done.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew) , and I have been encouraging all the authorities to come to an arrangement.
We have been clear that if no arrangement is reached, there will obviously be a backstop in the legislation for the football regulator that we will bring forward to the House shortly.
As the Secretary of State will be aware, charities are facing an extremely challenging fundraising environment and, at the same time, are trying to respond to increased demands due to the cost of living crisis.
Will she explain why the Government continue to impose sales restrictions on charity lottery fundraising, the removal of which would not cost the Treasury a single penny, but would  ensure much-needed additional funds for charitable causes?
That would hugely benefit communities in my constituency and across the whole UK.
As probably one of the few Members of this House who have actually set up a charities lottery, I understand the importance of them.
It is right to say that we did a significant review of them not so long ago.
I know the hon.
Member is probably referring to one particular lottery, and I have written to that lottery with suggestions, having consulted with the Gambling Commission, of ways it may be able to expand within the current remit.
But, as a Department, we are extremely busy at the moment dealing with the gambling White Paper—that has to take priority.
Once we have done that, we will consider what further work may need to be done on society lotteries.
With both Wealdstone and Uxbridge football clubs embedded in my constituency, grassroots football is incredibly important to the people of Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
Clubs like those offer more than just football; they act as vital community hubs and support a significant increase in girls’ football through to special educational provision and much more.
For the benefit of the clubs and fans across my constituency, will the Minister give the House an update on the progress being made to protect grassroots football, including how television revenues will be distributed, to ensure that those important community assets do not just survive but flourish?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of football clubs like Wealdstone and Uxbridge.
They are incredibly important in providing opportunities for people to become physically active, but are also integral parts of our communities.
That is why, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State just mentioned, we have been urging the football authorities to come up with a deal, so that that money can flow down and we can ensure that our great football sport that we have in this country continues to flourish.
This year, in Scotland, we will have the chance to see the Scottish football team on terrestrial television.
That is a rare opportunity—not just because we have qualified, but because Scottish football, like other sports, is becoming increasingly difficult to view, because it is increasingly behind a paywall.
That is damaging its attraction to young people who want to see it.
Will the Minister tell us what discussions are taking place to try to alleviate that problem?
I am glad that people in Scotland will be able to watch their national team.
I believe that our current list works well.
It is important that we strike the right balance, because we have to ensure that the sport rights holders use the income they get to benefit the whole of that sporting environment.
That is something we look at constantly, but I think that at the moment we have the right balance.
Given Ofcom’s comments that it is considering whether its proposals for regulation of local radio are still appropriate in the  light of the BBC’s changes to local radio provision, does the Minister agree that the BBC’s mid-term review is a good opportunity to look at how the BBC delivers for older audiences, particularly in its local radio provision?
The mid-term review is a very important point where we can look further, and indeed have looked further, at a number of issues, including competition, complaints and impartiality.
We will be publishing the results of the mid-term review very shortly.