On Cuba, I thank the Church Commissioner for sharing my concerns about reports on the worsening situation, particularly for religious leaders there.
As he mentioned, many are subject to harassment, fines, forced exile, detention and ill-treatment in prison.
Will he join me in calling for the release of religious prisoner of conscience Pastor Lorenzo Rosales Fajardo?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the case of Pastor Lorenzo is all too indicative of a worsening climate of freedom of religion or belief in Cuba.
The Church of England calls on the Cuban Government to release Pastor Lorenzo immediately, along with all those others detained in relation to the  11 July  protests.
The international community must continue to follow this case closely and hold Cuba to account bilaterally and multilaterally.
My hon.
Friend has put Pastor Lorenzo’s name on the record in this House.
I also endorse everything she said about the Open Doors event in the House next Wednesday.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of increased electoral party spending limits on the democratic process.
The committee discussed the matters raised at a private meeting with the Electoral Commission in November.
The commission has said that the UK Government’s recent increases to spending limits and donation reporting thresholds represent significant changes to the UK’s political finance controls.
The commission has published updated guidance to support parties to understand and comply with the new limits; however, it is concerned that increased spending limits risk significantly more scope for higher-spending parties to campaign.
The Daily Mirror reported at the weekend that the Conservative party is already spending more on the Prime Minister’s Facebook page and adverts than Donald Trump is spending on his, so the motivation for doubling the party spending limits is pretty clear already.
If this cannot be stopped, can the commission at least do more to increase transparency, so that people can see this shoddy attempt to buy democracy for what it is?
The commission has said that any changes to spending reporting thresholds should be supported by rigorous analysis—which of course is for the Government to publish—including of the likely impact on public confidence and transparency.
The commission continues to make the case for changes to the political finance system to further improve public trust and confidence.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What support the Church is providing to the Anglican Hospital in Gaza.
The House may not be aware that the Anglican Church is one of the largest providers of healthcare and education globally.
The al-Ahli Hospital in Gaza is an example of this.
Before Christmas, the hospital was severely damaged again and a tank demolished its front wall.
Most of the hospital staff were taken away by the Israeli Defence Force and the Church of England has asked the Government here to inquire about their wellbeing and whereabouts and to request that they be released.
Intimidation by hard-line settlers has prompted the Patriarch to say that clergy are fighting for their lives, and that the Armenian quarter faces a violent demise.
Is a Christian presence in Jerusalem still viable?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for bringing this issue before the House.
He is right: a century ago, a quarter of Jerusalem was Christian; now, just 1% of the population is, and in the Armenian quarter of the old city, the Christian presence has come under intensified threat from intimidation and aggressive property acquisition by settlers.
The Church of England   is very concerned that the rule of law should prevail in Israel and the status quo be maintained.
It is unconscionable that Christians should be driven from the holy land.
That completes that set of questions— On a point of order, Mr Speaker?
That would normally come after business questions.
It is about DCMS questions.
Very well.
I am grateful.
When I referred to December 2018, I should have made it clear that that was the date of the freedom of information request by Dorian Gerhold.
I shall write to the Minister explaining what information I want.
Excellent.
That clarifies that.
Will the Leader of the House give us next week’s business?
The business for the week commencing  15 January  will include: Monday 15 January —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Tuesday 16 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day one).
Wednesday 17 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day two).
Thursday 18 January —Debate on a motion on the loan charge, followed by a debate on a motion on HS2 compensation.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 19 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  22 January  includes: Monday 22 January —Second Reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, to staff, to Members and to those watching.
It might be a new year, but I am afraid it is the same old story: a Government who have run out of road and ideas, and who are not fixing the problems we face but making them worse.
Many on the Leader of the House’s own side have reached the same conclusion.
Yet another MP has resigned having lost trust, another has admitted that over their 13 years things have got worse, and a former Immigration Minister is taking to the airwaves to say that their Rwanda plan will not work—and it is only the first week back.
But some things have changed.
The Prime Minister seems to have had a dramatic reversal in strategy.
Despite just months ago rather laughably saying that he was the change candidate, his latest reset confirmed what we all know: he is now just offering more of the same—more of the same low growth, more of the same high taxes, more of the same backlogs and broken public services, and more of the same historically low living standards.
Only this hapless Prime Minister would set himself targets that were hard to miss and then miss them.
We had further confirmation today, with new figures from the BBC showing every NHS target missed, and not just this past year, when the Government want to blame the strikes, or since the pandemic, which might be a little understandable—no: key NHS targets have been missed in each and every one of the past seven years.
That is the second half of their time in office, after all their decisions and policies took effect.
That is the record of this Government.
Let us have that debate in this election year about the choice the voters will face: more of the same failure from the Conservatives, or change and hope with Labour.
Turning to the sub-postmaster scandal, we welcome the Government’s announcement of emergency legislation to quickly pardon those wrongfully convicted, and we  stand ready to work with them.
What has now come to wider public attention is the travesty, injustice and two decades of struggle they faced.
Will the Leader of the House give us more details today and assure us that as the spotlight inevitably moves on, the Government will not take their foot off the gas in getting urgent justice, redress and accountability?
The issue goes wider.
It follows a pattern similar to other injustices in which the state or corporate cover-up has wronged ordinary people, such as Windrush, infected blood, building safety and Grenfell, Hillsborough and more.
All those cases, transpiring over decades, came to public awareness after the notable efforts of Back Benchers and dogged journalists working with the victims.
Today’s Government should be learning wider lessons.
Recourse and redress proves every time to be incredibly difficult, lengthy and costly, fighting against powerful organisations that employ smoke and mirrors, expensive lawyers and enjoy the protection of the establishment, leaving victims facing years and years of frustrating battle.
No amount of money can compensate for a life ruined.
How are the Government collectively reviewing these recent scandals to make it easier for group action against vested interests?
Will the Leader of the House ensure that the Government also expedite compensation for the Windrush scheme and victims of infected blood, who are still being frustrated; pay out for the remediation of building safety where innocent leaseholders are still left in limbo; and bring in a legal duty of candour, as demanded by the Hillsborough families.
Is justice delayed not justice denied?
Another big learning is for accountability.
Time and again, we see those responsible rewarded for failure and not held accountable for their failings, with more Government contracts, bonuses, gongs and peerages and the cost picked up by the taxpayer.
I have asked the Leader of the House this before, but will she make it easier for Parliament to strip people of honours and peerages when they are found responsible for serious failings?
Will she also condemn the practice, as we saw over the new year, of honours being awarded for failure?
Will the Leader of the House bring forward proposals to go after those responsible to pay financially and face the consequences?
Will she put an end to the revolving door of awarding Government contracts?
In the case of Fujitsu, the contracts are apparently worth several billion pounds.
Is it any wonder that trust in politics has been so eroded when people do not see any accountability and when ordinary people pick up the bill while those responsible get off scot-free?
Happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to all colleagues.
This week, I was delighted to welcome holocaust survivor Mala Tribich to the Commons, where she viewed the exhibition in Portcullis House.
I encourage all Members to see it.
I am sure that I speak for the whole House in saying that our thoughts remain with the hostages still kept captive in Gaza—next week sees us pass the 100th day since they were taken—just as our thoughts remain with all the innocent people caught up in those events.
May I also give a shout out to the Royal Navy’s rowing team, HMS Oardacious, who are rowing across the Atlantic for mental health support?
With just 500 nautical miles to go, they may land before next week’s business questions, and they are currently 100 miles ahead of the next team.
I turn to the substantive issue that the hon.
Lady raised: the Post Office scandal.
She will know about the existing legislation announced on  29 November , but it is to be welcomed that we are now taking unprecedented steps to quash convictions.
That work is well under way, and we want to bring it to the House swiftly.
The House will be aware of the risks outlined by the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , but I think we will find them necessary.
While the inquiry will look at some of the issues raised in this place, the hon.
Lady is right that we should reflect now on what we could learn, and in particular what we should conclude about the powers given to arm’s length bodies of the state and what operational independence should mean for those organisations.
Subsequent Conservative Administrations have been right in gripping and trying to resolve some difficult and long-running issues, from Windrush to the apology given by the noble Lord Cameron to the Hillsborough families, the apology given by the current Prime Minister to former members of our armed forces who had been shamed and driven out of service for being gay, and the 2017 infected blood inquiry and the later compensation study, which will make some amends for the decades of injustice and suffering that those people have endured.
I am optimistic that we will reach some justice for those affected this year; I know that the Paymaster General is working hard to do that.
We were right to have a full public inquiry into the Horizon Post Office scandal, and we have rightly heard much about that this week, including in statements and urgent questions.
I pay tribute to all right hon.
and hon.
Members and to the noble Lord Arbuthnot for the work they have done on this issue.
I also pay tribute to the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend the Member for Thirsk and Malton.
In 2021, as a Back Bencher, he was fighting hard for sub-postmasters, and he has diligently pursued this issue in his ministerial role.
That is his record on this issue and on much else, too.
I remind the House that when he was chair of the all-party parliamentary group on fair business banking, he helped people whose businesses had been deliberately and cynically destroyed by their lenders, winning compensation from Lloyds, HBOS and Royal Bank of Scotland to the tune of hundreds of millions of pounds.
He is a very good man, and I know that he will bring forward legislation on this issue quickly.
The hon.
Lady mentioned NHS performance data.
Monthly performance data shows that in November overall waiting lists fell by more than 95,000 from October, down to 7.6 million.
There were also 60,000 fewer patients waiting for care in November than in the previous month, and 112,000 fewer than in September.
We have some difficult issues to deal with post pandemic, but the Prime Minister’s plan is working, and the new Secretary of State for Health is bringing forward further measures.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have stood up an enormous number of new services and new healthcare professionals as well as immense numbers of new diagnostic centres, and we are vastly increasing the number of operations that can take place.
I do not wish to take any lectures from the hon.
Lady on performance in the NHS.
I point her to what Labour is doing in Wales, where I think the current situation in  terms of waiting lists is four times worse than in England.
Nor will I take any lessons on tax from a party that is clobbering British citizens where it is in power.
It is doubling rates in Wales, and its London Mayor is clobbering hard-working people and charities with the ultra low emission zone.
He has just capitulated to the militant trade unions on transport but does not know where to find the money to do that.
Labour is soft on crime; the Met’s £70 million black hole in its budget demonstrates that.
Time and again, where Labour is in power, it shows that it is not on the side of the British people.