Bliadhna mhath ùr—happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone in this place and watching.
Some positive news to start our first business questions of 2024: recent data from the Office for National Statistics and the Scottish Parliament Information Centre—the Commons Library equivalent—shows that Scotland’s gender pay gap is at a record low, and almost half that of the UK as a whole.
Women’s weekly full-time pay has risen more than 10% in the last year.
Any gap is, of course, too high, but I am sure that the Leader of the House would like to acknowledge the Scottish Government’s gender pay gap action plan, the first in the UK, which undoubtedly has helped to achieve those welcome results.
The Leader of the House’s Government could take several steps to help end the gender pay gap and advance equality right across these isles.
After repeatedly shelving the employment Bill, they could finally act to make workplaces fairer, particularly in the current cost of living crisis, which we know impacts women more.
They could legislate for mandatory gender and ethnicity pay  gap reporting.
They could finally deliver compensation for WASPI women—Women Against State Pension Inequality —who have waited far too long to receive justice.
More broadly, they could tackle the gender pension gap, as yearly incomes among pensioners are on average more than £7,000 lower for women.
While the Leader of the House considers her response to those suggestions, could she also respond to reports in the media that her Government blocked a minority ethnic woman from joining the board of Channel 4 without offering a reason?
I am curious to hear what action she took in response to the recent comments by the Home Secretary, and whether she will condemn them now.
They do nothing to dispel perceptions that a culture of misogyny in the UK Government is hampering progress on these issues.
As she is a former Minister for Women and Equalities, I am sure that these matters are close to her heart, so will she support a debate on them, where perhaps some solutions might finally be agreed?
I also wish the hon.
Lady a very happy new year.
I do welcome the good news on the gender pay gap in Scotland.
It is nice to see the SNP championing some good progress in Scotland and giving credit where it is due.
With regard to the UK Government’s record, we are making good progress: since 2010 we have an additional 2 million women in work.
As the author of the women in work road map, which looks at every aspect of a woman’s life and tries to address the reasons why she is financially disadvantaged right through her life, from when she leaves school, through raising a family to the pensions gap, I know that this Government are committed to delivering on those disparities.
The hon.
Lady raised the issue of Channel 4.
I do not know the answer to that today, but I shall certainly ensure that the relevant Department has heard what she said.
The hon.
Lady will know what the Home Secretary has said about the other matter she raised.
I hope she also knows that the Home Secretary is a very decent fellow who loves his wife greatly.
They have been through a lot in recent years as a couple and the hon.
Lady will also know that.
I will conclude by adding some further good news about Scotland, which I hope the hon.
Lady will welcome.
I am delighted that part of the Stone of Destiny has been recovered from SNP headquarters.
I am sure that is a great relief to all Members.
It is easy to lose things, I know, like a couple of billion quid from your budget, but I am sorry to hear that the SNP has taken as much care of it as it has taken as the steward of Scotland’s public services.
Happily, the Tupperware container it was stored in has protected it during its stay and the police raids on that premises.
I join my Scottish colleagues in encouraging the SNP to find a more suitable home for it.
Traditional craft skills provide jobs and sustain businesses.
They also emphasise our shared history: everything from wheelwrights to weavers, and from corsetry to carpentry.
It was therefore very good news that, after a long campaign by the all-party parliamentary group for craft, which I chair, the Government announced that our country will now join the UNESCO convention  for the safeguarding of the intangible cultural heritage.
Will the Leader of the House bring a statement to the House saying when we will join, which will allow colleagues across the Chamber to question what further steps the Government might take to promote the expertise and experience that epitomises the best of Britain?