The Secretary of State mentioned the Carney review, but I am afraid that the Government seem to be failing women’s football on that, with a complete lack of detail about how the implementation group to put into practice the Carney review recommendations will work.
Without senior leadership, that group will not have the teeth that it needs, and all the hard work will be put at risk.
Fans, players and clubs deserve urgent action and leadership from the top.
If the Secretary of State does not reform the women’s game and give it the same prominence as the men’s, I will.
Will she commit to chairing the implementation group, and reporting back to Parliament so that MPs can hold her to account?
I completely dispute what the hon.
Member says about our support for women in sport, and women in football.
I have had the pleasure of meeting Karen Carney on a number of occasions.
Her report is excellent.
We endorse all its recommendations, many of which are for the FA, which I have also spoken to on this subject.
I will ensure that the recommendations are fulfilled.
The implementation board will have all the governing bodies on it.
Its first meeting is in March.
I will keep a very close eye on the board, and will work very closely with my right hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary on that and every other issue.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As 2023 drew to a close, official statistics highlighted that under this Government the creative industries continued to thrive.
They now employ almost 2.5 million workers, a growth of 4.4%, so we are well on our way to meeting our objectives to grow the creative industries by £50 billion and increase employment by 1 million by 2030.
Local commercial radio, whether in Lancashire or Suffolk, can fill the gap left by the reduction in BBC local radio coverage, but in the Lowestoft and Waveney area it is constrained in doing so, as the local digital audio broadcasting network has not been extended to cover the area.
Please can my right hon.
and learned Friend arrange for that important infrastructure, which is available throughout most of the UK, to be extended to north-east Suffolk as soon as possible?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend on the importance of local radio to listeners across the UK, and I know that he is an effective campaigner for his local area.
The BBC and commercial radio are responsible for the operation of their respective radio networks, including the DAB radio networks, but I have asked my officials to engage with local DAB multiplex operators and broadcasters to look at whether there is a desire to increase local DAB coverage further.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in the media world, content is king, and that that is why we must support our world-leading creative talent?
Will she take steps to require artificial intelligence developers to provide songwriters and composers with detailed information as to how their works are being used, including when authorisation has been granted for use of those works as training data?
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right about the importance of protecting the original work of the creative industries.
I have held a number of roundtables to ensure that we protect that originality.
The Intellectual Property Office is working on that very issue, and I have been liaising with it and with the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.