Whether her Department has made an assessment of the potential impact of tax relief on the growth of the creative industries.
Let me begin by welcoming the Minister back to her place.
Since 2012, the Conservative Government have introduced tax reliefs for the creative industries year on year.
That is one of the reasons why the creative industries are growing at twice the rate of the rest of the economy, and why they are world leading.
The Labour party opposed every single one of those tax reliefs, and despite its warm words it offers no substantive action.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend says, since we came to office we have introduced a number of tax reliefs that have supported children's television, video games, production, galleries, orchestras, theatres and museums.
It is for the Chancellor to decide on tax policy, but can my right hon.
and learned Friend tell us what more she can do to make this go further, to ensure that we remain one of the world’s leading production venues?
We have indeed introduced many tax reliefs, and since we came to office I have instigated and backed the introduction of tax reliefs and other support for the sector.
Independent film making has been supported with more than £60 million of Government and national lottery funding, and I have recently spoken to representatives of the independent sector to establish how we can provide further support.
However, as my hon.
Friend has pointed out, matters of tax are ultimately matters for the Chancellor.
I have a suggestion for the Minister.
When I met several film, television and advertising companies in my constituency recently, they pointed out that Malta and Mauritius have a 40% rebate which also covers commercials, and that Ireland will be following suit with a 40% rebate on reality TV and game shows.
These are the bread-and-butter products of the industry, and they have a huge impact on local areas where filming takes place.
The UK is falling behind in this respect.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Treasury and other colleagues about the matter?
I assure the hon.
Lady that I have regular discussions with the Treasury and the industry about how we can continue to support this vital sector.
We are not falling behind.
We are world leading, and we need to maintain that competitive edge.
Our screen sector tax reliefs are estimated to have delivered over 200,000 new jobs and more than £13 billion in economic output.
What steps she is taking to help increase community access to playing fields.
The Government are committed to ensuring that every community has the facilities it needs to make sport and physical activity accessible to all, with over £320 million being invested by 2025 to develop thousands of state-of-the-art community football pitches and multi-use sports facilities across the UK.
Udney Park playing fields in Teddington, in my constituency, have gone to rack and ruin over the past decade as successive developers have bought the site and, quite rightly, failed to build on it.
The Udney Park Community Fields Foundation, led by Jonathan Dunn, has campaigned tirelessly to bring those fields into community use, because we desperately need more sports fields in my constituency.
Now the site is back on the market, will the Minister join me, local sports groups and the local authority in backing the community’s bid for the site?
Will he also put in a friendly word with relevant Ministers on the bid to the community ownership fund?
I commend the hon.
Lady for her commitment to improving sports facilities in her local area, and I commend all the volunteers, like Jonathan Dunn, who do a tremendous amount of work.
Frankly, without them we would not have so many people being  physically active.
The Football Foundation and Sport England are always ready to discuss potential investments, and I would be happy to provide the hon.
Lady with those contacts.
Of course, I will raise this issue with my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The community sports area on Tithe Farm Road in Houghton Regis is about to get an amazing new all-weather facility funded by developer money, town council money, Central Bedfordshire Council money and Government money.
Will the Minister come to open the facility?
It is much needed and should be celebrated.
How could I possibly resist such an invitation?
It is always a great honour to open facilities in this role, and I am delighted that we are so busy that we are opening thousands of them.
What steps her Department is taking to support local journalism.
We recognise that local media face serious challenges to their sustainability.
Our digital markets legislation will help to rebalance the relationship between publishers and platforms, and the Government have been exploring the role of the BBC in local news through the mid-term charter review.
We continue to consider all possible options in the interest of promoting and sustaining local newspapers, because we think they are vital pillars of the community and of a thriving democracy.
Low pay and job insecurity are rife in local journalism.
There have recently been big redundancies at my local paper, the Evening Chronicle, which has lost a third of its news reporters and half its sports reporters over a two-year period, meaning that my constituents get less local news, less coverage of emergency incidents and less coverage of their beloved sports teams.
What further steps will the Minister take to address the issue of retaining careers in local journalism?