The commission shares the hon.
Lady’s concerns about some of the threats that new technologies, deepfakes and AI-generated content could pose, ultimately  taking away voter confidence in the electoral system.
While the commission does not have a role in the regulation of the content of campaign material, it is working with other organisations to try to support responsible and transparent campaigning.
If the hon.
Lady would be interested, I would be very happy to arrange an opportunity for her to meet with the Electoral Commission, perhaps to discuss this matter further.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— If the Commission will take steps to increase purchases of Australian wine for sale in the House of Commons.
The wine sold in the House of Commons is reviewed annually, with the next review due in the spring of 2024.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s question specifically relates to Australian wine; I understand that a Chardonnay and a Shiraz are available, compared with three English wines, so Australian wine is represented on the wine list in the Palace of Westminster.
As part of a dispute over covid, China imposed particularly punishing tariffs on Australian wine, damaging that industry.
May I urge the House of Commons Commission to stand with our Australian friends and allies, and prioritise buying Australian wine and encouraging its use in our venues to make it clear that bullying does not pay?
Of course, if colleagues here wish to prioritise the purchase of Australian wine from the wine list, I encourage them to do so, but I also remind them that we have very good English wines on the wine list as well.
More generally, I am sure the nation has heard the right hon.
Gentleman’s call to arms, so when we are out in the supermarkets stocking our own shelves, perhaps we should all be mindful of buying two or three bottles of Australian wine as well—seriously—to show solidarity with our Australian friends and their growers.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— Whether the Commissioners have issued recent guidance to church parishes on securing their buildings against theft.
Back from wine to God, Mr Speaker.
Sadly, vandalism and theft are persistent issues for parish churches, and  I was sorry to learn about thefts at churches in Stanmore, Hendon, Edgware and Bushey in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I can tell him that advice from the diocese has been circulated to all parishes in the area.
Of course, the best way to deter thieves is to have a high footfall in and around churches, keeping the building open to welcome people.
I also know that the police will be providing crime prevention advice to the churches concerned.