Mr. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Israel Nitzan for successfully completing his distinguished tenure as the Acting Consul General of Israel in New York, a role he has admirably held from 2018 to 2023.
The Office of the Consul General, or the Lishka, plays a pivotal role in fostering strong ties between the State of Israel and influential organizations and agencies in the New York Metro area.
Throughout his tenure, Consul General Nitzan has been instrumental in bolstering Israel's positive image in the media, while keeping the local community abreast of significant developments within the Israeli community and political landscape.
He has effectively rallied support for Israel, inspiring both members and young leaders to take proactive and supportive measures for the nation.
Additionally, his initiatives in organizing missions to Israel and fostering enduring relationships with local, state, and national elected officials have proven invaluable in enhancing understanding and cooperation between our Nations.
Beyond his tenure in New York, Consul General Nitzan's illustrious career has spanned the globe.
He notably served as the Spokesperson in the Israeli Embassy in Egypt from 2002 to 2005, followed by his role as Deputy Chief of Mission from 2009 to 2011.
In his subsequent role as Minister-Counselor for Political Affairs at the Permanent Mission of Israel to the United Nations, Consul General Nitzan represented Israel's interests before the UN Security Council, effectively monitoring and advancing Israeli political engagement and policies within the UN system.
Israel Nitzan's dedication and tireless efforts have undeniably advanced America's relationship with 1 of our closest and strongest allies As he concludes this chapter in his career, I extend my sincere gratitude for his invaluable contributions.
May he be commended for his outstanding service, and may his future endeavors continue to be marked by success and dedication to the cause of international diplomacy.