took on the task as 1 of the first Black teachers to integrate Cedar Park Elementary School.
In 1971, Ina left home again, relocating to Mobile, AL, to advance her career in academia.
She served as the Educational Director of Head Start in Pascagoula, MS, before transitioning into the Mobile County School System as a Title-IV Assistant Director and Chapter I Assistant Director.
Ina made her mark as a dynamic educator and always worked to improve the lives of her students both inside and outside the classroom.
Aspiring to become a principal, Ina continued her education at the University of South Alabama, earning her master's degree in 1974 and then at the University of Alabama for her associate's degree 2 years later.
Following a battle between local Black educators and the school system, where a judge ruled in favor of the educators regarding discriminatory hiring practices, Ina accomplished her goal, becoming the Assistant Principal of Mattie T. Blount High School.
She later served as Principal of E.T. Belsaw/Mt. Vernon School until her retirement in 1995.
Throughout her life, Ina was an active member of her community, no matter where she relocated.
She was a proud member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated; The Links, Incorporated; and Phi Delta Kappa.
She also received many awards and recognitions, including the Outstanding Educational Service Award from Blount High School; the Outstanding Educator Award from Phi Delta Kappa; the Top Career Woman of the Year in 1988; and the Area Director's Award from The Links, Inc.
Later in life, Ina expanded her community impact through the written word.
She authored books and papers, even writing one on her life growing up in Selma, titled ``Just Live,'' a complication of short stories.
Ina's penmanship led her to contribute to the Mobile PressRegister and win first place in the 1992 National Convention of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for her position paper.
Ina's is preceded in death by her parents and her brothers, Willie James Whisenhunt and Walter Carver Whisenhunt, Jr.
She is survived by her daughter, Felicia (Marvin); son, Joseph (Renunda); 6 grandchildren, Jeremy Populus Jones, Ari Clayton-Brinkley (Calvin), Kobi Jones, Mikah Jones, Charles Clayton, Chloe Jones; sister-in-law, Patricia Whisenhunt; 2 nephews, Bradley Whisenhunt and Corey Whisenhunt; 4 nieces, Angela Whisenhunt, Cheryl Whisenhunt Young (Kimmer), Denise Whisenhunt Carey (Rodney), and Erica Whisenhunt; 2 cousins, Mary Powell and Jacquitta Powell Green; 1 stepdaughter, Gracie M. Anderson (Brosofski); and a host of other family and friends.
On a personal note, my twin brothers and I affectionately called her ``T'Vonne''.
Our families were close forever friends.
Growing up in Selma, I have so many fond memories of the good times we enjoyed with her children.
Her daughter ``Lisa'' and son ``Jojo'' were our childhood best friends.
When those boys got together it was triple trouble.
Even when they moved to Mobile, we continued to stay connected.
Over the years, we have celebrated family triumphs and comforted each other during times of sorrow and pain.
T'Vonne was like a second mother to me--always providing wise counsel and words of encouragement.
She will be missed, but I know that her incredible legacy will live on in the many people she impacted.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy community activist.