ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill that would make a

small but respectful change to federal law by adding the Mayor of the

District of Columbia to the list of named principals for whom the

President shall order the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff.
Current law

states that the President shall make this order ``upon the death of

principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a

State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their

memory.''
Surely the D.C. Mayor, who has the same responsibilities as

governors of states and territories, should qualify as such a

principal.
This bill is part of our series of bills to ensure equal

treatment for the over 700,000 D.C. residents.
In the 116th Congress,

the House Committee on the Judiciary passed this bill.
Congress has already acknowledged that D.C. is entitled to a place

among the states for certain honors.
For example, legislation we got

enacted gave D.C. a coin after D.C. was omitted from legislation

creating coins for the states and required the armed services to

display the D.C. flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed.
We got D.C.'s Frederick Douglass and Pierre L'Enfant statues placed in

the Capitol, alongside two statues from each state.
We also

successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C.

stamp, like the stamps for the states, and with the National Park

Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags near Union

Station.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained in my district at

Fort Bragg and missed a vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted

YEA on Roll Call No.
160; YEA on Roll Call No.
161; YEA on Roll Call

No.
162; and YEA on Roll Call No.
163.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JEROME H. UNDERWOOD

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Caribbean American

Heritage Month to pay tribute to a distinguished community leader from

Rochester, New York: Jerome H. Underwood.
As Chief Executive Officer of Action for a Better Community and a

founding member of the Greater Rochester Black Agenda Group, Jerome

Underwood has led with clarity, purpose, and unwavering integrity.
Throughout his years of dedicated service, he has been a moral compass

and unifying force in our community, championing social justice and

equity.
Born on the Caribbean island of Antigua, Jerome brought with him to

the United States a deep-rooted sense of community and justice.
In

Rochester, he has emerged as a tireless advocate for racial equity and

economic justice, working to expose and dismantle the structural racism

that continues to harm communities of color.
Jerome's leadership extends far beyond boardrooms and policy tables.
He is also a powerful role model for our youth.
Merging his love of

soccer with a deep passion for mentorship and ``peaceful'' demeanor, he

has served as Director of Coaching for the River Flow Soccer Club and

President of the Flower City Soccer League.
It is with great pride and admiration that I recognize Jerome H.

Underwood this Caribbean American Heritage Month.
His unwavering

commitment to equity, youth empowerment, and community transformation

continues to uplift our community here in Rochester and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARLENE HENRY

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Caribbean American

Heritage Month to recognize an exceptional public servant from

Rochester, New York: Marlene Henry.
As the owner of PeppaPot Catering, Marlene Henry is far more than a

business owner--she is a quiet but powerful force for good in our

community.