Title: HONORING DON HEWITT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
102

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DON HEWITT

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and commend Mr. Don Hewitt, a trailblazer in sustainable urban

development and a visionary entrepreneur whose work has made a

transformative impact on communities throughout Jackson, Mississippi,

and beyond.
Mr. Hewitt is the founder and owner of Advanced Technology Building

Solutions (ATBS), established in 2004 and headquartered in Jackson.
With more than 20 years of experience in real estate development and

urban planning, Mr. Hewitt has consistently prioritized community-

centered solutions that emphasize walkability, environmental design,

and economic opportunity.
Under his leadership, ATBS has emerged as a leader in mixed-use

developments that integrate green spaces, affordable housing, retail

accessibility, and local business engagement.
The company's initiatives

frequently involve partnerships with public housing authorities,

nonprofit organizations, and government entities--leading to the

revitalization of underutilized spaces into vibrant, inclusive

neighborhoods.
Currently, ATBS is collaborating with the West Jackson Community

Development Corporation and the Jackson Medical Mall Foundation to

implement an innovative urban streetscape project in West Jackson.
This

development will offer affordable workspace for local entrepreneurs and

startups, fostering economic opportunity and nurturing local talent.
Mr. Hewitt's commitment to sustainability extends beyond physical

infrastructure.
As a participant in the AI Business Accelerator Cohort,

he is integrating artificial intelligence into project planning to

optimize sustainability metrics and enhance community engagement.
His

forward-thinking approach ensures that urban development remains both

efficient and equitable.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Mr. Don Hewitt for his service,

leadership, and unwavering dedication to building a stronger, more

inclusive Mississippi.
His work exemplifies what it means to develop

with the community and for the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE USS TRITON

HON.
DAN NEWHOUSE

Mr. NEWHOUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today for two reasons: to honor the

crew members who served aboard the USS Triton (SSRN-586) submarine, and

to commend the Port of Benton for commissioning a new commemorative

wall honoring the Triton and her crew.
Commissioned in 1959, the USS Triton holds a special place in the

history of the U.S. Navy.
Powered by two nuclear reactors, the Triton

was the first submarine to complete a submerged circumnavigation of the

globe.
During the Cold War, the Triton was a vital part of the Navy's

defense strategy as a leader in peace and security around the world.
The members who served aboard her were at the forefront of this

mission, often enduring long months of isolation and unpredictable

conditions aboard the vessel.
But their shared dedication and expertise

led them to achieve one of the most groundbreaking missions in naval

history.
The USS Triton Submarine Memorial Park was formally dedicated in

Richland, Washington, on November 10, 2011, to commemorate the

submarine and her crew.
Central Washington is proud to be home to this

piece of our Nation's history, and I thank the Port of Benton for

honoring the crew members and preserving their legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PERMIT THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES TO BE

FLOWN AT HALF-STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A MAYOR OF THE

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill that would make a

small but respectful change to federal law by adding the Mayor of the

District of Columbia to the list of named principals for whom the

President shall order the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff.
Current law

states that the President shall make this order ``upon the death of

principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a

State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their

memory.''