From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VERLA THOMAS GETTING HER FATHER A PURPLE HEART MEDAL 100

YEARS AFTER HE WAS WOUNDED IN WWI

_____

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the commitment

of my constituent Verla Thomas in getting her father, the late Corporal

George Wills of Spring Lake, a Purple Heart medal over 100 years after

he was shot and wounded in World War I. I also commend Dr. Chris Petras

for his continued research and efforts to help West Michiganders secure

such medals from the Army.
Dr. Chris Petras has dedicated much of his time to researching

Company F Grand Haven WWI soldiers.
His work has led to 20 Purple

Hearts being awarded to veterans, a feat that deserves recognition and

applause.
As a member of the Sons of the American Legion Squadron 28

Grand Haven, Dr. Petras got his start in 2019 when he sought out to

learn more about a significant figure in the post, Charles A. Conklin.
After digging through National Archives documents, military documents,

and numerous publications, he sent over the information he found for

review to the U.S. Army who then affirmed Conklin's eligibility for the

Purple Heart.
Dr. Chris Petras' determination in ensuring these

soldiers are recognized for their sacrifice and service is truly

admirable.
I had the great honor of working alongside Dr. Petras to help Verla

Thomas acquire the posthumous Purple Heart medal and WWI Victory medal

for her father's service.
Several members of the military, veterans,

and local residents attended the award ceremony in honor of her

father's legacy.
It was a truly touching moment to present Verla with

these awards.
She serves as an inspiration for my team and our district

as we seek to give others the recognition they deserve.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 18, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 1

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 616, to amend the Leech

Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act to

provide for the transfer of additional Federal land to

the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, S. 2868, to accept the

request to revoke the charter of incorporation of the

Lower Sioux Indian Community in the State of Minnesota

at the request of that Community, S. 3022, to amend the

Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow Indian

Health Service scholarship and loan recipients to

fulfill service obligations through half-time clinical

practice, H.R. 1240, to transfer administrative

jurisdiction of certain Federal lands from the Army

Corps of Engineers to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to

take such lands into trust for the Winnebago Tribe of

Nebraska; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine S. 465, to require Federal law enforcement

agencies to report on cases of missing or murdered

Indians, and S. 2695, to amend the Indian Law

Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in

public safety services to Indian communities.