After graduating from The Citadel with a political science degree in

May 1979, Mark commissioned into the United States Air Force.
He served

as a Command Intelligence Officer during the Gulf War and Global War on

Terrorism for many years.
In his last assignment, Mark became the

Director of Intelligence for the Pacific Air Forces at Hickam Air Force

Base.
He later received a master's degree in management from Embry-

Riddle University.
When he retired from the military as a Colonel, Mark served as the

Director of Strategy for Raytheon Missile Systems in Tucson, Arizona.
In 2010, he and his family moved to Texas, where he became the Program

Director of Tactical Intelligence Systems for Raytheon.
In this role,

Mark oversaw hundreds of millions of dollars in annual sales and

government contracting.
He currently works as a Senior Advisor for BCE

Consulting, in which he focuses on enhancing our operational

capabilities to defend against cyber and unmanned threats.
In addition

to protecting our national security, Mark is passionate about giving

back to his community and supporting our veterans.
He is the Commander

of the Rockwall Terry Fisher American Legion Post, where he created

college scholarships for the children of veterans.
Moreover, Mark

organizes annual trips for students to attend the Youth Leadership

Conferences.
I am proud of Mark's contributions to our community, and I

am sure he will continue to make a positive impact on the world around

us for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Mark with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation and the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT QUINT AVENETTI

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Quint

Avenetti, of Rockwall, Texas, and present him with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
Quint has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our

community and country.
Quint was born in Hayden, Arizona, in 1962.
He enlisted in the United

States Marine Corps in 1980 and participated in active service for

nearly three decades.
From providing security to several U.S. Embassies

around the world to being deployed during the Gulf War and Global War

on Terrorism, Quint served with distinction and merit.
He specialized

in Joint Targeting, Geodesy, Counterfire Radar, Artillery Operations,

and Fire Support.
As a result of his exceptional leadership and

expertise, Quint achieved the rank of Chief Warrant Officer 5.
After retiring from the military in March 2008, Quint moved to

Rockwall with his family.
He currently serves as the Vice President of

the Combat Systems Sector for Navmar Applied Science Corp. In this

role, Quint works diligently to train the next generation of Marine

Joint Fire Observers, enhance security at diplomatic locations for the

State Department, and develop unmanned aircraft technology.
In addition

to his work in protecting our national security, he serves on the

Advisory Board for Veterans Mortgage of America to help veterans

succeed in home ownership.
Quint is the Commandant of the CWO2 James

Randolph Detachment of the Marine Corps League and is involved with

many veterans' advocacy organizations.
He also serves as a mentor to

Eagle Scouts and was the previous Scoutmaster of Rockwall Troop 989.
I

am proud of Quint's contributions to our community, and I am sure he

will continue to make a positive impact on the world around us for many

years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Quint with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation and the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DALE ``DOC'' DOUGHERTY

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the City

Manager of Garden City Dale ``Doc'' Dougherty for his diligent service

to the people of Garden City community since 2018.