Boricua College was the first private,

not-for-profit post-secondary educational institution established in

the United States specifically designed to meet the academic needs of

Puerto Ricans and other Spanish-speaking people.
Today, it is a diverse

institution for learning and professional development.
Boricua College inspired educated and passionate advocates for the

Puerto Rican Disapora during the 1960's and 70's in New York City.
Visionaries like Dr. Antonia Pantoja, founder of Universidad Boricua

and the precursor of Boricua College, founded by Dr. Victor Alicea,

believed that higher education and cultural pride were crucial to

addressing poverty and creating economic empowerment.
The significant

migration of Puerto Ricans to New York City warranted a grassroots

response to navigate the socio-economic opportunities and challenges of

plantando bandera in a new environment.
Thus, Boricua College was

created and became a beacon of hope for the Latino community in

Brooklyn.
Since its founding in 1974, Boricua College has grown from its humble

beginnings on a single-floor storefront in Williamsburg to a multi-

campus institution spanning Brooklyn, Manhattan, and the Bronx.
The

first Boricua College class had just 26 students.
When it opened its

doors, it broke all barriers to higher learning with a cadre of Puerto

Rican bilingual professionals in New York City.
Today, Boricua College

has an enrollment of thousands of students pursuing an Associate,

Bachelor or Master's degree in the field of Human Services, Business,

Liberal Arts, Childhood Education and inter-American Studies to list a

few.
It is also a designated Hispanic Serving Institution by the U.S.

Department of Education.
The growth of Boricua College exemplifies the growth of Latinos'

economic and political empowerment across the country.
The college may

not have millions in endowments, if at all.
However, it does have an

unwavering commitment to educational advancement.
By 2060, nearly 1 in

4 Americans are likely to be Latinos'.
Thanks to vital institutions

like Boricua College, we are making even greater contributions in every

sector of society--education, politics, business, the arts, and

sciences.
This fine institution is as successful as the administration and

leadership.
Therefore, I would also like to salute Founder and

President Dr. Victor G. Alicea for a lifetime of public service, Board

of Trustees Chair Benito R. Fernandez, the deans, faculty, staff, and

graduates.
Mr. Speaker, please join us in recognizing Boricua College

on the occasion of its 50th anniversary and offering our best wishes

for another 50 years of serving the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CAIT OWEN

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Cait Owen for

earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Cait has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Cait, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Cait's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Ralston Valley High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Cait Owen on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT MARK KIPPHUT

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Mark Kipphut

of McLendon-Chisholm, Texas, and present him with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
Mark has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our

community and country.
After graduating from The Citadel with a political science degree in

May 1979, Mark commissioned into the United States Air Force.
He served

as a Command Intelligence Officer during the Gulf War and Global War on

Terrorism for many years.
In his last assignment, Mark became the

Director of Intelligence for the Pacific Air Forces at Hickam Air Force

Base.