DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bernie Ricke,

President of UAW Local 600 in Dearborn, Michigan, on the occasion of

his retirement.
His dedication to the UAW over the last 51 years, and

his leadership of Local 600 for the past 15 years, is worthy of

commendation.
UAW Local 600 currently has over 30,000 active and retired members,

representing a diverse membership from the Ford Rouge Complex, AK

Steel, truck drivers, independent part suppliers, as well as healthcare

and technical office professionals.
They currently have over 47

autonomous bargaining units throughout Southeastern Michigan.
Bernie was born into the auto industry as the son of an engineer who

worked at Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler.
At the age of 18, Bernie

took a job in a Ford warehouse and shortly thereafter joined the UAW as

a member of Local 600 in November of 1973.
He quickly took on more

roles within the union, holding positions of Financial Secretary,

District Committee-person, Bargaining Committee-person, and Vice

President of the Parts Depot Unit.
From 1997 he served as the Second

and First Vice President of Local 600 before being elected President in

2009.
His leadership over the last 15 years has earned him the respect

of not only local leaders but national leaders as well.
UAW VP Chuck

Browning said about Bernie ``He's unselfish, He's humble.
And he's a

really powerful presence in our union.''
Rory Gamble, the former

president of the UAW, said ``Bernie's leadership legacy will fare well

over the years as historians look back at his impact on the UAW and

Ford.
He was steady, fair, and successful for members in the worst of

times.
If the measure of a man is the dignity he brings to others, he

will always be a giant in our union.''
Bernie and I got to know each other through the many community

projects that he has dedicated himself to.
Outside of his work with the

UAW, Bernie and his wife, Sue, are pillars of the Detroit community.
Together they run the Bernie Ricke Charity Fund out of Trenton, MI.
Bernie is a lifetime member of the NAACP, member of the Labor Advisory

Board for Health Alliance Plan, and serves as the Chairman of the Board

of Directors for Bridging Communities Incorporated.
Bridging

Communities is a non-profit organization that serves the community of

Southwest Detroit by providing a variety of services to the homebound

elderly including meals on wheels, minor home repairs, transportation

for doctors' appointments and medical care.
In 1999 and again in 2004,

Bernie was given the ``Spirit of Detroit'' award by the Detroit City

Council.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Bernie Ricke

for all that he has done for the people of Southeastern Michigan.
Together we have been through the thick and thin of life, surviving the

tough times by breaking bread at his famous garage parties.
We wish him

all best in retirement, though we know he will still be working hard to

support the UAW and his Detroit community in whatever ways he can.
I

thank Bernie.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BORICUA COLLEGE

HON.
NYDIA M. VELAZQUEZ

Ms. VELAZQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boricua College

on the special occasion of its 50th aniversary and in appreciation for

decades of higher education.
Boricua College was the first private,

not-for-profit post-secondary educational institution established in

the United States specifically designed to meet the academic needs of

Puerto Ricans and other Spanish-speaking people.
Today, it is a diverse

institution for learning and professional development.
Boricua College inspired educated and passionate advocates for the

Puerto Rican Disapora during the 1960's and 70's in New York City.