Title: CELEBRATING THE 2024 UCLA MEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
86

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 2024 UCLA MEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the men's volleyball

team from the University of California, Los Angeles.
They took home the

2024 NCAA Men's National Collegiate Volleyball Championship on the 4th

of May.
UCLA defeated the men's volleyball team from the California

State University, Long Beach at Walter Pyramid on the campus of Long

Beach State in Long Beach, California.
This year's championship brought home the team's 21st national title

win, cementing their record as the winningest program in NCAA history.
The win marks UCLA's 122nd overall NCAA title across all sports.
These

are truly remarkable achievements.
The men's volleyball team should be proud of their achievement in

earning the distinction of being back-to-back national champions,

amongst the more than half a million student-athletes who participate

in NCAA events each year.
With guidance from Coach John Speraw, who

secured his fifth NCAA men's volleyball title as a collegiate head

coach, UCLA ended their season with wins in 15 out of their last 16

matches.
I would like to sincerely congratulate the UCLA's men's volleyball

team once again on winning its second consecutive national championship

and wish them the best of luck next season.
This win is a special

moment in the collegiate athletic careers of each player and marks an

exceptional accomplishment and historical achievement for the UCLA

community.
Go Bruins.
U-C-L-A. Fight.
Fight.
Fight.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 170TH ANNIVERSARY OF SHILOH BAPTIST CHURCH OLD SITE

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate

Shiloh Baptist Church Old Site on 170 years of service to the

community.
This remarkable milestone is a testament to the thousands of

congregants who, through their unwavering faith and love for their

neighbors, have helped build a legacy of service at the church.
For 170 years, Shiloh Old Site has been an advocate for justice,

equality, and perseverance.
Throughout the years, this community has

been a catalyst in halting the spread of racial injustice in the city

education to Black residents to offset the shortfalls of a racially

segregated educational system.
Through its ministries and its purpose-

driven youth mission, the church works to provide families and children

with programming that nurtures a community service mindset.
Shiloh Old Site is a pillar of the Fredericksburg community--always

ready to lend a helping hand to those in need.
The community's

commitment to Fredericksburg and its residents is both inspiring and

humbling.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating and

thanking Shiloh Baptist Church Old Site on 170 years of dedicated

service to the Fredericksburg community.
I look forward to celebrating

their continued success and contributions to Virginia in years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, due to flight delays caused by

storms in my home state of Louisiana, I was unable to be present for

votes on May 14, 2024.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
196, and

YEA Roll Call No.
197.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BERNIE RICKE'S LEADERSHIP OF UAW LOCAL 600 IN DEARBORN,

MICHIGAN

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bernie Ricke,

President of UAW Local 600 in Dearborn, Michigan, on the occasion of

his retirement.
His dedication to the UAW over the last 51 years, and

his leadership of Local 600 for the past 15 years, is worthy of

commendation.