Chuck and Debby have used their life together to invest in friends

and family.
Chuck served as a pastor in Oklahoma for many years and has

served as the Executive Director of Ministry to State, a ministry that

has invested in the spiritual lives of our leaders in the Nation's

Capital, since 2004.
Debby cares for patients as a physical therapist

while also investing in the lives of men and women through Ministry to

State.
They enjoy spending time with their family and at the beach.
Debby

enjoys her community garden plot and Chuck enjoys writing and

keeping busy with his hands.
They count it as a privilege to have spent

their entire married life in Christian ministry sharing the love of

Jesus.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024

speech of

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Jackson Lee

Amendment No.
90 to H.R. 4365--the Department of Defense Appropriations

Act, 2024.
I want to thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making this

amendment in order.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
90 is an important and potentially

life-saving amendment in an unfortunate and distracting appropriations

bill.
Namely, the Jackson Lee Amendment No.
90 seeks to allocate $10

million to fund Triple Negative Breast Cancer Research (``TNBC'').
I must offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden

administration for making research into breast cancer a priority, but

there is still work to be done.
Breast cancer accounts for 12.5 percent of all new annual cancer

cases worldwide, making it the most common cancer in the world.
This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and

women in the military, who are up to 20-40 percent more likely to

develop breast cancer.
There are few people in this country whose lives have not been

touched by breast cancer.
Yet, there are persistent disparities in breast cancer incidence and

death rates:

Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in the

United States for Black and Hispanic women.
Black women are more likely to die from breast cancer than women of

any other racial or ethnic group.
Experts believe that it's partially because about 1 in 5 Black women

is diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer, more than any other

racial or ethnic group.
Compared with non-Hispanic white women, Black women are less likely

to receive guideline adherent care and have an approximate 2-fold

higher mortality incidence, resulting in a disproportionately higher

risk of death from Triple Negative Breast Cancer.
Triple Negative Breast Cancer (``TNBC'') is one of many forms of

breast cancer and accounts for about 15-30 percent of all diagnosed

invasive breast cancer cases in the United States.
Due to its aggressive behavior, TNBC grows quickly and is more likely

to have spread at the time it is found and is more likely to come back

after treatment than other types of breast cancer.
TNBC cells do not contain (are ``negative for'') three key receptors

that medicines typically target in other types of breast cancers;

therefore, there are limited treatment options that can be used to

treat the cancer.
Patients with an early diagnosis can often be treated with

chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery; however, the limited therapies

available specifically addressing the management of TNBC has made

treating this disease a challenge for clinicians.
Recent innovation in targeted therapies have fueled advances in the

fight against TNBC.
Advances in breast cancer screening and treatment over the last few

decades have reduced the overall breast cancer mortality rate, yet the

disproportionate impact of TNBC on racial and ethnic minority

communities raises considerations about the underlying determinants

driving the disparities.
It is necessary to promote TNBC education, raise awareness about the

disease-related disparities, and tackle inequities within the health

care delivery such as inadequate access to screening, diagnostic

testing, and care, to improve early detection and survival.