He

will be well remembered and sorely missed.
David Mack III was born on December 13, 1953, in Charleston, South

Carolina to David J. Mack, Jr. and Dorothy Mack.
Representative Mack

attended Charleston public schools and pursued higher education at

Howard University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree

in 1975.
There he joined Omega Psi Phi, my own fraternity, which he

credited with having played a pivotal role in shaping his values and

his work throughout his life.
He embodied the cardinal principles he

learned as a proud member of our Omega brotherhood: Manhood,

Scholarship, Perseverance, and Uplift.
The value of community service was instilled in Representative Mack

early in his life.
After graduating from Howard, he returned to

Charleston and began working at the Committee on Better Racial

Assurance (COBRA).
At COBRA, he dedicated himself to the organization's

mission of bringing about equality in the Charleston community and

providing services for individuals and families with Sickle Cell

Anemia.
Representative Mack served at the organization for 47 years in

various capacities, including Part-Time Assistant Director, Coordinator

of Sickle Cell Services, and Part-Time Hemoglobinopathy Counselor.
He

also served on COBRA's Board of Directors until his passing.
In addition to his work at COBRA, Representative Mack served the

Charleston community in numerous ways.
He worked with the Carolina

Youth Development Center and served on the Boards of Directors of the

Opportunities Industrialization Center and the South Carolina Substance

Abuse Commission.
He was also a passionate civil rights advocate and

served on the Board of the South Carolina Coalition for Black Voter

Participation.
He was a member of the North Charleston Branch of the

NAACP and Charleston Chapter of Rainbow PUSH.
Representative Mack was a firm believer in the notion that knowledge

is power and relished the opportunity to communicate important

information to the people of Charleston.
He became the host of the WPAL

Radio station talk show ``Open Rap'' in 1979, and ``Drive Time

Dialogue'' in 1986.
At Sunrise Communications of Charleston, where

Representative Mack served as president, he created the PM Urban

Edition talk show.
Most recently, David created The David Mack Radio

Show where he had conversations with civil leaders, academics, and

health professionals in the Charleston community.
Representative Mack was elected to the South Carolina House of

Representatives for District 109 in 1997 and served in the South

Carolina General Assembly for 24 years.
Deeply respected by colleagues

on both sides of the aisle, he served with distinction on the

Labor, Commerce, and Industry; Judiciary; and Medical, Military, and

Municipal Affairs committees.
He was also a proud member of the South

Carolina Legislative Black Caucus and was elected by his peers to serve

as Chairman.
A man of faith, Representative Mack was a longtime member and leader

Charleston.
He was beloved by his family, and together with his wife

Sheryl Ann they had 3 sons--David IV, Brandon, and Daniel.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in recognizing

the life and legacy of Representative David Mack III.
The entire

Charleston community and the state of South Carolina is grateful for

his lifetime of public service.
He leaves a rich legacy that will

continue to touch generations of South Carolinians for years to come.