After declines in the suicide rate

from 2019 to 2020, the rates increased almost percent in 2021.
Provisional data from the CDC shows that the rate is continuing to

rise, up 2.6 percent from 2021 to 2022.
According to this data, which

is not yet final, we lost about 49,450 people to suicide in 2022.
This is a dire situation, but we have tools to help save lives and

the opportunity to transform how we as a nation respond to suicide,

mental health, and substance use crises.
I am grateful to my colleagues

for supporting the 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline.
Formerly the National

Suicide Prevention Lifeline, the 988 Lifeline has helped connect

millions of individuals across the country with support and resources

in their darkest hours.
Since its transition to the 988-dialing code

from the longer, 10-digit hotline in July of 2022, the Lifeline has

received almost 5 million contacts (through calls, chats, and texts).
Vibrant Emotional Health, the administrator of the Lifeline, estimates

that this number could reach 9 million in the next fiscal year (FY24).
We must ensure that anyone in crisis--regardless of the time of day,

or where they are--has someone to talk to, someone to respond, and a

safe place to go.
Continued federal investment is critical for the 988

Lifeline to sustain the crisis care continuum and build out the call

centers, as well as mobile crisis response teams and crisis

stabilization facilities.
Suicide does not discriminate and impacts all communities, with some

populations being at increased risk.
For example, between 2018 and

2021, increases in age-adjusted suicide rates were highest amongst

Native Americans (26 percent), with Blacks (19.2 percent) and Hispanics

(6.8 percent) also experiences significant increases.
Other

disproportionately impacted populations include Veterans, people living

in rural areas, LGBTQ people, middle-aged and older adults, tribal

populations, and youth.
Vibrant estimates that about 80 percent of chat and text contacts are

initiated by youth and young adults.
We must meet children and

adolescents where they are and ensure that chat and text capacity is

strong enough to meet this great demand.
To address mental health

challenges among our youth, I will be reintroducing the Peer-to-Peer

Suicide Prevention Act, which would help young people support their

mental health byestablishing a competitive grant program for middle and

high-schools to facilitate student-led suicide prevention programs.
A study from Pew Charitable Trusts earlier this year revealed that

only about 13 percent of adults in the US are aware of the 988 Suicide

& Crisis Lifeline.
The 988 Lifeline represents a chance to change how

our country supports those in crisis; it cannot reach its potential if

most people are unaware of its existence, and of its numerous resources

and supports it can offer them when they need them most.
A coordinated,

national suicide prevention public awareness campaign is necessary to

educate people across the country of what 988 has to offer.
That's why

I will be reintroducing the Campaign to Prevent Suicide Act to support

culturally competent advertisements across the lifespan.
Suicide prevention has long been an important issue to me.
I

encourage all of my colleagues to join me this month in raising

awareness and supporting legislation that promotes mental health and

suicide prevention to help save lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO REP.
DAVID MACK III

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a passionate civil

rights advocate, trusted community voice, and humble public servant.
South Carolina State Representative David James Mack III transitioned

from this life on September 20, 2023, in Charleston, South Carolina.
He

will be well remembered and sorely missed.
David Mack III was born on December 13, 1953, in Charleston, South

Carolina to David J. Mack, Jr. and Dorothy Mack.
Representative Mack

attended Charleston public schools and pursued higher education at

Howard University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree

in 1975.