Title: CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE MODESTO IRRIGATION DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
158

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE MODESTO IRRIGATION DISTRICT

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the Modesto Irrigation

District is celebrating 100 years of supplying clean, reliable power to

our communities.
Since the construction of the Don Pedro Dam and the

coinciding establishment of the Don Pedro Powerhouse, Modesto

Irrigation District has been providing the City of Modesto and the

surrounding areas with power that has brought innovation, growth, and

development to the region.
In 1919, a bill was introduced to provide for the development of

power by irrigation districts.
Governor William D. Stephens signed the

bill into law May 21, 1919.
Three days before the bill was to become

effective, construction of the Don Pedro Dam and Powerhouse began.
On October 27.
1921.
the first concrete was poured at the dam.
With

construction of both the Don Pedro Dam and Powerhouse underway, the

decision was made for the plants to generate and distribute their own

power.
In 1923, Modesto Irrigation District raised its first power

pole.
It took determined, fearless people with incredible foresight to

accomplish such an achievement despite the presence of a powerful and

already established, competitive private utility.
Throughout the years, the successes of the retail distribution of

power out of Modesto Irrigation District continued.
In 1950, there was

a net energy profit of $1 million-a-year as shown by the electrical

department, and energy consumption increased 10 percent per year in the

post-war years.
Due to being publicly owned and locally controlled, the Modesto

Irrigation District could provide the people of Modesto and the

surrounding area with lower energy rates than private utilities.
These

lower rates helped grow Modesto and the surrounding region in both the

residential and industrial fields at a rapid rate.
Today, 100 years since the introduction of retail power in the

region, Modesto Irrigation District serves an area of 560 square miles

with electricity.
This electricity is transmitted over 1,800 miles of

power lines throughout their service area.
The District relies on a

diverse, balanced power resource mix to meet customers' needs.
Embracing the latest technology and sustainable practices.
Modesto

Irrigation District continues to be a leader in the public power

industry.
Through the courageous determination of their founders, Modesto

Irrigation District evolved into a robust and self-reliant community-

owned utility.
On behalf of the people of California's 1311,

Congressional District.
I want to extend my heartfelt congratulations

to Modesto Irrigation District for 100 years of service and offer my

sincerest wishes to their future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY OF THE GARRIOTTS

HON.
JOHN R. MOOLENAAR

Mr. MOOLENAAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

wedding anniversary of Chuck and Debby Garriott.
Reverend Charles ``Chuck'' Michael Garriott and Deborah ``Debby''

Cacace Garriott met while they were both in high school and married

January 26, 1974, in Pikesville, Maryland, both at the age of 20.
Their

marriage has brought about the blessing of four children and seven

grandchildren.
Their son Phillip and his wife Brooke Garriott have four

children: Blevin.
Kiefer, Hazel, and Harper.
Their daughter Katie and

husband Tony Yang have three children: Avery, Linus, and Cason.
Their

daughter Anna lives in Washington, D.C., and their son Peter in Los

Angeles, California.
Chuck and Debby have used their life together to invest in friends

and family.
Chuck served as a pastor in Oklahoma for many years and has

served as the Executive Director of Ministry to State, a ministry that

has invested in the spiritual lives of our leaders in the Nation's

Capital, since 2004.
Debby cares for patients as a physical therapist

while also investing in the lives of men and women through Ministry to

State.