To this end, I have over the years been successful in winning passage

Appropriations Act in prior years to improve breast cancer research

across the United States.
I am here today seeking support for the same amendment to provide

increased funding for the Defense Health Program's research and

development by $10 million.
These funds would specifically address the

issue of breast cancer in the United States military.
Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided active-

duty servicemen and women along with veterans, such as enforcing

accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces,

addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing

authorization for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder as well as Triple

Negative Breast Cancer research funding.
Additionally, I have introduced H.R. Bo, the Triple-Negative Breast

Cancer Research and Education Act of 2013, which focuses on expanding,

intensifying, and coordinating programs for the conduct and support of

research on triplenegative breast cancer, a type of breast cancer that

is difficult to detect but disproportionately impacts African American

and Hispanic women.
I am very proud of the work that I and Congress have done to address

the health concerns of active duty and veteran servicemen and women,

but there are still improvements to be made.
As a breast cancer survivor myself, I understand the toll which this

destructive disease takes on patients and their family members.
Support and encouragement are invaluable resources to those battling

cancer, and spreading awareness of one of the most pressing health

concerns can help minimize the burden on those currently fighting.
The men and women who are on the front lines or have already

completed their valiant service to this country have many pressing

issues and challenges they already must face; breast cancer should not

be one of them.
Our service members fight and sacrifice for our freedoms.
Now, as lawmakers, we should be working to ensure to protect their

lives and freedoms--not trying to take their rights away.
While the negatives of this defense appropriations bill

disappointedly outweigh my positive amendment, I urge my colleagues to

vote in favor of the Jackson Lee Amendment No.
90--notwithstanding my

strong opposition and encouragement to vote down the underlying bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HASC HEARING ON EXAMINING IRREGULARITY IN THE STRATEGIC BASING PROCESS

FOR U.S. SPACE COMMAND

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, America is grateful for

the leadership of Chairman Mike Rogers of Alabama for his vision and

persistence to support the creation of U.S. Space Command along with

President Donald Trump.
This recognizes the threats of dictators, war

criminal Putin and the CCP who have developed capabilities in space to

threaten American families--we can achieve peace through strength.
It is sad when political interference controls basing, not first the

priority of national security.
In South Carolina, we experienced this as the Charleston Naval Base

was re-located to New Hampshire.
The obvious advantages of Charleston

with a temperate climate of unlimited operations was ignored as the

then Senate Majority Leader was from Maine with his constituents

commuting to New Hampshire.
Congressman Austin Scott is correct.
Now Politics determines where

the missions go.
This is a dangerous game, with national security to

suffer.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HEALTHLINC CEO BETH WROBEL

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I take this time to honor Ms. Beth Wrobel and wish her well upon her

retirement as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of HealthLinc.
For her

lifelong commitment to providing quality health care to communities

throughout the region, she is to be commended.
In 2002, Ms. Wrobel became CEO of HealthLinc.
At the time, HealthLinc

was a single, free medical clinic serving the local community.