Recent innovation in targeted therapies have fueled advances in the

fight against TNBC.
Advances in breast cancer screening and treatment over the last few

decades have reduced the overall breast cancer mortality rate, yet the

disproportionate impact of TNBC on racial and ethnic minority

communities raises considerations about the underlying determinants

driving the disparities.
It is necessary to promote TNBC education, raise awareness about the

disease-related disparities, and tackle inequities within the health

care delivery such as inadequate access to screening, diagnostic

testing, and care, to improve early detection and survival.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
90 would allow for more research so we

can one day hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of military

personnel affected by breast cancer.
We all know, by the way, that breast cancer can affect both men and

women.
The bad news is breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women

in the military as combat.
Let me say that sentence again.
Breast cancer has been just about as

brutal on women in the military as combat.
More than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan,

according to the Army Times; 874 military women were diagnosed with

breast cancer just between 2000 and 2011.
And according to that same

study, more are suspected.
It grows.
The good news is that we have been working on it, and I want to add

my appreciation to the military.
This amendment, however, will allow

for the additional research needed.
As new young women come into the United States military, as women

stay longer in the United States military, as women get older in the

United States military, as women ascend to leadership roles in the

United States military, these dollars provide research.
Not only is breast cancer striking relatively young military women at

an alarming rate, but male service members, veterans and their

dependents are at risk as well.
With a younger and generally healthier population, those in the

military tend to have a lower risk for most cancers than civilians--

including significantly lower colorectal, lung and cervical--but breast

cancer is a different story.
Military people in general, and in some cases very specifically, are

at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, says Dr.

Richard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Boston University who works at

the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast

cancer issues.
He says life in the military can mean exposure to a

witch's brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of

getting breast cancer.
So, my friends, I am asking that we do the right thing.
We are on the right track, we are on the right rail, we are on the

right road.
But with the expansion of women in the military, I can assure you,

for long life, a vital service that these men and women give, it is

extremely important to move forward with this amendment.
Researchers have pointed to a higher use of oral contraception in the

military than in the general population, and oral contraception has

long been linked to breast cancer among women--an alarming factor that

would ensure that this particular amendment would be a positive step

forward.
Despite significant advancements in prevention, diagnoses and

treatment, more progress can and must be made, not only to reduce the

fatality rate of breast cancer, but also to research methods of

prevention and ways to drastically reduce risk factors.
To this end, I have over the years been successful in winning passage

Appropriations Act in prior years to improve breast cancer research

across the United States.
I am here today seeking support for the same amendment to provide

increased funding for the Defense Health Program's research and

development by $10 million.
These funds would specifically address the

issue of breast cancer in the United States military.