For her

lifelong commitment to providing quality health care to communities

throughout the region, she is to be commended.
In 2002, Ms. Wrobel became CEO of HealthLinc.
At the time, HealthLinc

was a single, free medical clinic serving the local community.
Under

her direction, HealthLinc expanded its medical services to include

pediatrics, women's health, and prenatal care, while also adding

service lines including dental, optometry, behavioral health, substance

abuse, podiatry, chiropractic, clinical pharmacy, health insurance

enrollment, medical legal partnership, and more.
The organization

continues to grow and is comprised of twelve clinics across Northern

Indiana, as well as two school-based telehealth clinics, one mobile

medical and dental clinic, and a team of more than 490 employees.
As

CEO, Ms. Wrobel has worked tirelessly to ensure the accessibility of

affordable, quality care to countless individuals and families who are

underinsured, uninsured, or unable to pay.
For her outstanding

dedication to the people of Northern Indiana, especially those most in

need, Ms. Wrobel is worthy of the highest praise.
In addition to her noteworthy career, Ms. Wrobel has offered her time

and support to numerous foundations and organizations throughout the

years.
Among her many leadership roles, Ms. Wrobel has served on the

board of directors for the National Association of Community Health

Centers, and she currently serves as trustee for Ivy Tech Community

College's Valparaiso Campus.
She is also a member of the board of

directors for the Indiana Primary Healthcare Association.
Ms. Wrobel's dedication to serving the residents of Northern Indiana

is exceeded only by her love and devotion to her three sons, Chris,

Tom, and David, her daughter-in-law, Heather, and her cherished

grandson, J.J. I wish her quality time with her family in the years to

come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues

join me in honoring Ms. Beth Wrobel for her unwavering commitment to

improving health care throughout Northern Indiana and beyond and in

wishing her well upon her retirement.
For her many remarkable

contributions, Ms. Wrobel is worthy of our deepest gratitude and

appreciation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDGE RICHARD C. VARA

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, l rise today to honor the 44\1/2\

years of service and dedication of Houston's own Judge Richard C. Vara,

a trailblazer who was the youngest person to be elected Justice of the

Peace at that time.
Judge Vara grew up in the historic east end of Houston, graduating

from Austin High School.
the University of Houston.
and South Texas

College of Law.
The Judge got his first encounter with politics by going to LULAC

meetings with his parents.
This sense of service to the Latino

community remained with him throughout his career.
Both in the courtroom and in the community, Judge Vara has

exemplified public service and commitment to bettering his community.
He has created and volunteered for countless organizations in

Houston, all aimed at improving the lives of those around him.
Please join me in congratulating Judge Richard Vara for his many

years of service.
Felicidades.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BURGESS OWENS

Mr. OWENS.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained.
Had I been

present, I would have voted NAY on Rollcall No.
417.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Suicide Prevention

Month.
We know our country is in the midst of a severe mental health

crisis, and people are struggling.
After declines in the suicide rate

from 2019 to 2020, the rates increased almost percent in 2021.
Provisional data from the CDC shows that the rate is continuing to

rise, up 2.6 percent from 2021 to 2022.
According to this data, which

is not yet final, we lost about 49,450 people to suicide in 2022.