Guido finally received his high school diploma at age 93.
His work

ethic and ingenuity are exemplary.
He was devoted to his first wife,

Rose, who died in 1976 and his second wife, Kitty, who died in 2019.
He

is a proud parent, grandparent, and great-grandparent of a blended

family including a daughter and

son-in-law, a stepson, two stepdaughters and sons-in-law, ten

grandchildren, and twenty-five great-grandchildren.
He is a loving role

model to his family and is a living history of someone who served our

country so valiantly.
Our Nation owes Guido a debt that can never be repaid.
We wish Guido

countless blessings, and I remain deeply appreciative to Guido

DiFrancesco for his life of service and sacrifice for our community,

district, and country.
His commitment to his fellow neighbors,

veterans, and service members alike is a testament to his character and

spirit.
I am more than honored to recognize him today and wish him

nothing but the best for his 100th birthday and the future beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING MY FRIEND GEORGE CECALA

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, the U.S. House of Representatives

unexpectedly lost a true public servant this week.
My Chief of Staff,

George Cecala, served with me from the day I was sworn into office on

January 3, 2009, until his life was cut short earlier this week,

suffering from a heart attack at the young age of 49.
George was a loving husband and father and leaves behind his wife

Jennifer, whom he cherished and their daughter Genny who was the joy of

his life.
He also leaves a record of remarkable and sacrificial service

to this institution and to the people of Florida's Space and Treasure

Coasts.
Whether it is Kennedy Space Center, Patrick Space Force Base, Port

Canaveral or our beautiful beaches, citrus groves or improvements to

our highways or airports, George had a hand in it.
I saw both gentle care and dogged tenacity as George worked

tirelessly against what seemed insurmountable odds to secure the safe

return of abducted children from a war-torn region of the world to

their grieving mothers.
To those who worked with George he was always encouraging.
When

someone was troubled or struggling, George was always there to offer a

word of encouragement.
George was always attentive to the needs of those around him--the

colleague sitting beside him, the visitor who just walked in the office

door, the intern looking for that first job on the Hill, or the

constituent on the other end of the line, calling the office to tell

George how to fix Washington.
George always went out of his way to

serve others--the hallmark of a public servant.
He loved his Lord and Savior.
He loved his church.
He filled our

office with stories of delight over Genny's latest achievements and her

excitement over life's joys.
And, he loved his community, even running

for a seat in the Maryland House of Delegates.
The House of Representatives is a better place because of George

Cecala.
George will be deeply missed.