Title: BERING RIVER COAL FIELD; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
187

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BERING RIVER COAL FIELD

HON.
JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a piece of

property in South Central Alaska known as the Bering River Coal Field

located in the magnificent Copper River Delta.
This issue goes back to

the days of Theodore Roosevelt as a conservation effort.
The United States government has the opportunity to purchase the

mineral rights to this field.
This Congress provided the U.S. Forest Service $8 million to buy the

Bering River Coal Field through the Land and Water Conservation Fund,

but the appraisal came in at $6 million.
The Korean Alaska Development Company that owns it will sell for $8

million, and I want to thank a gentleman, Joe Shinn, and the KADCO

board of directors for staying at the table.
We have an opportunity, and I believe the members on both sides of

the aisle would agree if you could by acclamation to give the Forest

Service the ability to purchase this remarkable property for

conservation.
But the United States government cannot pay more than

appraised value unless we in Congress authorize them to do that.
The difference is between $6 million and $8 million dollars, and I

ask my colleagues, if not now then, in the future, to help the United

States of America to set aside the Bering River Coal Field in

perpetuity for all future generations to enjoy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF U.S. NAVY CORPSMAN JACK GUTMAN

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

legacy of WWII hero and U.S. Navy Corpsman Jack Gutman, who passed away

just days short of his 99th birthday.
Born December 19, 1925, in San Francisco, California, Jack was the

third of nine children.
His father, who spoke seven languages, served

in World War I, after which he worked at the Grand Hotel in Shanghai,

China.
Gutman's mother, from a wealthy Russian family, was a ballerina.
When her family fled the Bolsheviks, they went to Shanghai, and the two

met, married, and settled in America.
The Great Depression was a difficult time for the family and his

father had to travel to make a living selling apples.
By the time Jack

was a teenager, the family was living in New York.
Jack was hanging out

with his high school friends when the news of Pearl Harbor broke.
Gutman enlisted right away at age 17 as a Navy seaman.
After boot camp,

Gutman thought he was going to be an aerial radio man--but an urgent

need arose for medics, and his training was diverted.
At age 18, Corpsman 1st Class Gutman provided treatment to the

wounded and dying on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day and at some of

the bloodiest battles throughout the European and Pacific theaters.
Gutman vividly remembers when his unit landed on Utah Beach on June 6,

1944.
With bullets flying, bombs exploding, and men dying all around

him, Corpsman Gutman helped those he could, giving shots of morphine,

applying bandages and tourniquets, and providing words of comfort to

soldiers who died in his arms.
Gutman would later write a book about his experience titled ``One

Veteran's Journey to Heal the Wounds of War.''
His story was recorded

by the National World War II Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Jack was

also interviewed as part of a documentary film about the 75th

anniversary of D-Day.
A quote from his book best describes the impact the war had on his

life: ``I went into the war with a fervor to fight for my country and

protect our freedom, but the experience had been nothing like what I

thought when I signed up to join the Navy.