She has set a

standard of excellence and integrity in public service, and her work

has left an indelible mark on our state.
On behalf of the people of

Colorado's 8th Congressional District, I thank Rhonda Solis for her

years of service, her passion for education, and her commitment to a

brighter future for all our children.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TONY FLETCHER

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr.

Tony Fletcher, a dedicated advocate in our Napa community.
For thirty-

five years, Mr. Fletcher has demonstrated unwavering commitment to

enriching the lives of the blind and visually impaired (BVI) through

his work with the Enchanted Hills Camp for the Blind.
Born and raised in Napa, Mr. Fletcher dedicated his career to serving

our community and ensuring that visually impaired individuals have

access to resources.
Mr. Fletcher's journey with Enchanted Hills Camp

began in 1989, marking the start of a lifelong career with LightHouse

for the Blind.
Later, in 1995 he earned a Master of Arts in Special

Education with an emphasis on Orientation and Mobility from San

Francisco State University.
Mr. Fletcher is retiring after thirty-five

years of serving Lighthouse for the Blind which oversees Enchanted

Hills Camp concluding his career as the Senior Director of Services.
Under Mr. Fletcher's leadership, Enchanted Hills Camp has flourished

as a safe, nurturing, and empowering environment where blind campers of

all ages could explore, learn, and experience the joys of a traditional

summer camp.
Mr. Fletcher's vision and determination extended beyond

the campgrounds, as he built partnerships with the County of Napa.
In

2017, when devastating wildfires destroyed much of Enchanted Hills

Camp, Mr. Fletcher in partnership with County Supervisor Ryan Gregory

and the LightHouse organization, helped rebuild the camp.
Today,

Enchanted Hills Camp continues to be a fully accessible and inclusive

retreat where blind, deafblind, and low-vision campers continue to

thrive.
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Fletcher for his remarkable service to the

Napa community and the BVI population.
Mr. Fletcher's work has had a

profound impact on generations of students.
His dedication has

cultivated a legacy of resilience and compassion that will benefit our

community for years to come.
It is fitting and proper that we honor him

here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING U.S. ARMY CORPORAL WARREN J. WINNE, SR.
HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of United States Army Corporal Warren J. Winne, Sr.
Warren was born on February 17, 1931, in Albany, New York, to Lyman

and Gladys Winne.
He grew up alongside his siblings: Franklin, Eugene,

Eileen, and Dorothy.
Warren started his education in Rensselaer, New

York, and later enrolled at East Greenbush High School before enlisting

in the United States Army on May 3, 1948.
Warren served on active duty with the Army from 1948 to 1952 and

earned the rank of Corporal during his military career.
Corporal Winne

was a member of the 7th Infantry Division during the Korean War until

his Honorable Discharge in 1952.
Upon returning to civilian life, he

married his wife Mary on September 21, 1952, at St. John's Church in

Rensselaer and began a career as a pipe insulator for the Johns

Manville Company.
Warren established deep roots within his community.
He was a proud

volunteer firefighter with the Clinton Heights Fire Department, a

member of the Melvin Roads American Legion Post No.
1231, and the

Umpire-in-Chief of the East Greenbush Girls Softball Organization.
His

commitment to the softball community was recognized with the dedication

of the East Greenbush Girls Softball field in his honor.
Warren was

also an active member of the Asbestos Union No.
40, demonstrating his

solidarity with his fellow workers.
In his free time, Warren was a

skilled hunter and avid fisherman.