His story was recorded

by the National World War II Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Jack was

also interviewed as part of a documentary film about the 75th

anniversary of D-Day.
A quote from his book best describes the impact the war had on his

life: ``I went into the war with a fervor to fight for my country and

protect our freedom, but the experience had been nothing like what I

thought when I signed up to join the Navy.
Back at home, I thought

constantly of the men that had died overseas.
I wondered how and why I

survived.
There I was, a young teenager thrown into a crazy war with

thousands of young men dying in front of me.
I never dreamed it would

be that awful, and that those horrifying images would stick with me now

that I was safely at home, and for years to come.''
After his combat experiences, Gutman decided to become a doctor.
He

took night school classes, and before algebra, would tell jokes.
He met

his wife, Mary Jo, in that class, and they were married June 22, 1947,

a union that lasted 77 years.
Once his children came along, he never

made it to medical school.
Throughout his life, Jack kept quiet about the flashbacks that

haunted him ever since returning home from war.
As a band-aid to cover

his recurring nightmares, he immersed himself

in his work, including performing as a successful comedian under the

name of Jackie Walker.
When things took a turn for the worse, he finally turned to the VA

for help and was seen by a therapist, who diagnosed him with post-

traumatic stress disorder and helped him receive treatment and VA

benefits.
With a new lease on life, Jack began helping other veterans

experiencing PTSD by encouraging them to seek support to live happy,

productive lives.
Gutman's valiant service to both his country and his life of service

to his fellow veterans serves as an inspiration for us all.
For this

reason, I ask my colleagues to join me celebrating the life and legacy

of Jack Gutman, a true American hero.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DR.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE HOUSE

OF REPRESENTATIVES AFTER 22 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

my friend and colleague, Chair of the Rules Committee, Dr. Michael

Burgess, on his retirement from the House of Representatives after a

22-year career representing the folks of Texas' 26th congressional

district.
With his background as an OB-GYN doctor and the most senior medical

doctor in the

House, Dr. Burgess has been an important voice on every important

healthcare debate during his two decades of service in the House.
I've

had the pleasure of working closely with Dr. Burgess on the Energy and

Commerce Committee for a long time, and whenever a bill related to

healthcare was being debated or discussed, I knew I could count on Dr.

Burgess to provide clarity and insight from an experienced physician's

perspective.
Dr. Burgess and I share a passion for our military

servicemembers and for many Congresses have introduced the MISSION Zero

initiative together to improve trauma care between the military and

civilians.
Seeing this bill signed into law was a major achievement

together and I intend to ensure this program continues in his legacy.
He has accomplished some truly amazing things during his time here

including lowering drug costs, reigning in government waste, cutting

taxes, and expanding healthcare options for folks around the country.
Since being nominated as Chairman of the Rules Committee, Dr. Burgess

has worked tirelessly to ensure good legislation makes it to the floor

and has been instrumental in our accomplishments in the 118th Congress.
I would like to thank Dr. Burgess for his unwavering commitment to

conservative principles and his sound leadership.