Warren was

also an active member of the Asbestos Union No.
40, demonstrating his

solidarity with his fellow workers.
In his free time, Warren was a

skilled hunter and avid fisherman.
Above all, Warren cherished his time

spent with his four children: Carol, Sandra, Colleen, and Warren Jr.

On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, it is an honor

to recognize the extraordinary life of Corporal Warren J. Winne, Sr.
and the enduring legacy of his character, selflessness, and dedication

to his country and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF ROBERT ``BOB'' GABLE

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a special man,

Robert ``Bob'' Gable, of Frankfort, Kentucky.
Mr. Gable passed away on

November 29, 2024, at the age of 90.
Mr. Gable was born in New York City, grew up in Oregon and Arizona,

and graduated from Stanford University.
He served as an officer in the

United States Navy.
Mr. Gable and his wife Emily moved to Stearns,

Kentucky, where they raised their three children.
He ran The Stearns

Lumber & Coal Co. founded by his great-grandfather.
In 1964, Mr. Gable's political activity began when he worked on

Howard Baker's first campaign for the U.S. Senate in Tennessee.
He then

worked on the successful gubernatorial campaign of Kentucky's Louie

Nunn.
Following the election, Mr. Gable was appointed as the state

parks commissioner and the family moved to Frankfort.
Gable ran

unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 1972.
When his party needed someone

to run for governor in 1975 against incumbent Julian Caroll, Gable

agreed to enter the race.
He ran for governor again in 1995 and was

unsuccessful in the primary.
Mr. Gable was elected chairman of the Republican Party of Kentucky in

1986, at a time when Republicans were vastly outnumbered.
A strong and

unwavering leader, he began to lay the groundwork for changing the

political landscape in Kentucky.
His enthusiasm, optimism, and gracious

demeanor never diminished.
He took a close personal interest in

candidates and party leaders, giving expert advice and counsel.
Over

the years he served as a mentor for countless young people with an

interest in politics.
Mr. Gable's wife Emily passed way in 2017.
He is survived by his

three children James, Elizabeth, and John and his two grandchildren.
Bob Gable was a great patriot, one of my most valued political

mentors, and a true Kentucky gentleman.
I am most grateful for his

loyal and genuine friendship, his sound advice, never-fail positive

attitude, and kind, dignified manner.
It is my honor to lift up his

life before the House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAJOR MARIO FLORES, U.S. ARMY

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Major Mario

Flores, U.S. Army, for his outstanding work on behalf of the Department

of Defense.
Major Flores served as a Department of Defense legislative

fellow in the U.S. Senate, and later as a congressional liaison for the

Army Reserve.
Mario commissioned in the United States Army in 2011

through the Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) program at DePaul

University, Chicago, Illinois where he received a B.S. in Business and

later an M.S. in Legislative Affairs from George Washingtdn University.
Through various assignments with 3rd Special Forces Group, the Joint

Chiefs of Staff Joint Targeting Directorate, and Special Operations

Command, Mario has made direct contributions to the U.S. National

Security Strategy and National Defense Strategy.
Mario specializes in

strategic and tactical targeting operations and is a graduate of the

Joint Targeting School, the Joint Special Operations University's

Special Operations Intelligence Course, and the Special Forces Combat

Course--Support, and the Basic Airborne Course.
Mario is also a committed advocate for our Nation's veterans.
In

2020, Mario was appointed by then-Virginia Governor Northam to serve a

four-year appointment on the Virginia State Board on Veterans Services.