And in 2023, in an awe-inspiring show of unity

and compassion, this incredible group of local entrepreneurs rallied

together once more and raised over $70,000--the most money ever raised

and donated by a single event to the Main Street organization.
In times of uncertainty, it is the work of individuals like Gina,

Richard, Matt, and Kathleen that reminds us of the power of the human

spirit.
Their service, given without expectation of recognition, stands

as a testament to the belief that one individual's dedication can

ripple through the lives of many, sparking change, fostering

resilience, and inspiring hope.
Today, we honor them not just for their

remarkable deeds but for who they are--true heroes in every sense of

the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to these individuals for their extraordinary service.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional

organization, whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire

generations to come.
May their example remind us of the boundless

potential within each of us to make our communities, country, and world

a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING UNITED STATES ARMY WORLD WAR II VETERAN GUIDO P.

DiFRANCESCO'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Guido P. DiFrancesco.
He is a

current resident of the Lutheran Community of Telford, Pennsylvania.
Born in Philadelphia on December 17, 1924, Guido is celebrating his

100th birthday today.
He grew up on Mechanic Street in the Germantown section of

Philadelphia with his four brothers and five sisters.
At age 8, he

constructed his own shoeshine box and started his own shoeshine

business to help provide food for his parents and siblings.
Guido had

an amazing singing voice as a child, and he cultivated his love of

music when he could by performing at school functions, weddings, and

local night clubs.
He attended Germantown High School until the

Depression required him to leave high school and seek employment to

help support his family.
As a teenager, he held several jobs including the Philadelphia Steel

Mill and the famous Victor Harmonica factory where he learned to

construct and play the harmonica before he entered the United States

Army in 1941.
He sailed to England on the RMS Mauretania where he

entertained the troops with his gift of singing.
He landed in Weymouth,

England and prepared for the invasion of Normandy.
On D-Day, with G-Company, he landed on Omaha Beach with the First

Infantry Division (The Big Red One), 18th Infantry Regiment.
He was a

Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR) Marksman and fought across France for 6

months in hedge row to hedge row battles until he finally reached

Belgium.
He became deathly ill and was hospitalized there and then

transferred to a hospital in England.
While recuperating in England, he

entertained the patients with his singing.
He eventually came back to

America and continued his convalescence and his singing at the

Convalescent Hospital in Camp Upton, New York until he was honorably

discharged and returned home in the spring of 1943.
After he returned home, he married and lived on Boyer Street in

Germantown and eventually moved to Horsham, Pennsylvania in 1952.
He

held several manufacturing positions including a plant manager position

at Huntingdon Industries for 30 years and Mac Electric in Glenside for

10 years.
He was also self-employed as a home-improvement specialist

until he officially retired at age 85.
Guido was an involved member of

the Warrington Lions for many years and worked tirelessly at their

events.
Guido finally received his high school diploma at age 93.
His work

ethic and ingenuity are exemplary.
He was devoted to his first wife,

Rose, who died in 1976 and his second wife, Kitty, who died in 2019.