Founded on the campus of the Jewish Community Center in West

Bloomfield and relocated to its current location in Farmington Hills in

2004, the Center's mission is to engage, educate, and empower visitors

to create a better future.
As the Zekelman Holocaust Center has grown, so has its impact.
The

Center reaches over 150,000 individuals annually through educational

efforts, virtual museum experiences, and on-site visits.
From teacher

workshops to an extensive research library and special exhibit

galleries, it has become a dynamic institution where visitors can

engage with history in a deeply meaningful way.
The Center's exhibits have evolved over the years to elevate the

personal experiences of survivors, capturing the strength and

perseverance of those who came to call Michigan home, following World

War II.
Notable features include the Eternal Flame & Memorial Wall and

a Holocaust-era boxcar, both curated to ensure that the difficult

history of the Holocaust is preserved for and transmitted to future

generations.
Just as it delves into some of the darkest moments of the Holocaust,

Zekelman Holocaust Center has become a beacon of hope through its

Kindertransport and Heroism and Hidden Gallery exhibits.
These exhibits

tell stories of immense courage and personal sacrifice that celebrate

the extraordinary actions of ordinary people who aided Jews and rescued

thousands of children.
As one of only eleven sites in the United States to receive a sapling

from the tree that grew outside of Anne Frank's hiding place, the

Center is able to highlight a symbol of Frank's resilience and her hope

that one day humanity would have another chance.
Beyond its physical exhibits, the Zekelman Holocaust Center serves as

a resource for understanding and combating antisemitism.
The Center

works tirelessly to educate younger generations, emphasizing the scale

against injustice and hatred.
As we celebrate the Zekelman Holocaust Center's 40th anniversary, let

us acknowledge its significant role in educating our communities,

shaping compassionate leaders, and fostering a more just world.
It is

with deep appreciation that I recognize the Center's contributions.
May

the Zekelman Holocaust Center continue to be a source of knowledge,

reflection, and hope for many more years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE BIRTHDAY OF UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS GUNNERY

SERGEANT JOHN BASILONE

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

commemorate the birthday of United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant

John Basilone.
GySgt.
Basilone was a courageous and honorable Marine

who was awarded both the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism

during the Battle of Guadalcanal and the Navy Cross for his actions

during the Battle of Iwo Jima.
His acts of heroism left him the only

enlisted Marine to receive both decorations during World War II.
Many

others also recognized and sought to memorialize GySgt.
Basilone's

relentless patriotism and leadership.
In 1945, the United

States Navy honored GySgt.
Basilone's service through the commissioning

of the USS Basilone (DD-824) and the USS John Basilone (DDG-122), which

will be commissioned on November 9, 2024.
His hometown of Raritan, New

Jersey began hosting the annual Basilone Parade in 1981, which

continues to be the only annual parade in the United States that honors

a war hero.
In 2005, the United States Postal Service included GySgt.
Basilone as one of the four distinguished Marines commemorated on the

37-cent stamp issued on November 10, 2005.
In 2010, Steven Spielberg

and Tom Hanks adapted his story as a storyline in the HBO miniseries

titled The Pacific.
Most recently, on March 23, 2016, Congress approved

renaming the Raritan Post Office to the Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone

Post Office, cementing his memory in brick and mortar within his

hometown.
GySgt.
Basilone has roads, bridges, and highways named after

him in several states, and every enlisted Marine is taught about GySgt.
Basilone's courageous actions during their time in boot camp.