2023).
Additionally, FDA has granted requests for

Breakthrough Therapy designation to specific development

programs involving MDMA for the treatment of PTSD

(Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies, 2017),

psilocybin for TRD (COMPASS Pathways, 2018; Goodwin, G.M.. et

al.
2022) and MDD (Khan, 2019; Raison et al.,
2023), CYB003

for MDD (Cybin, 2024), and MM120 (lysergide d-tartrate) for

GAD (MindMed, 2024).
The Breakthrough Therapy designation

process facilitates and expedites the development and review

medical needs.
This designation is available for drugs that

are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease

or condition and where preliminary clinical evidence

indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial

improvement over available treatments on clinically

significant endpoint(s) (U.S. Food and Drug Administration,

2022).
It should be noted that a Breakthrough Therapy

designation does not mean that the FDA has made a safety or

efficacy determination for a drug, and the Breakthrough

Therapy designation is not a substitute for marketing

approval.
Currently, FDA has not approved any drug containing

MDMA, psilocybin, psilocybin analogs, or LSD or other

psychedelics or entactogens as being safe and effective for

any therapeutic indication(s).
Acknowledging the Need to Address Complex Issues

Use of these substances is not without risk.
A psychedelic

(e.g, psilocybin) or entactogenic (e.g., MDMA) drug can

temporarily alter a person's mood, thoughts, and perceptions,

and lead to heightened suggestibility, anxiety/panic, and/or

paranoia, among other outcomes.
For psychedelics, a

participant can experience vast changes in their perceptions

of reality, including time and space.
Moreover, an individual

can become extremely sensitive to internal and external

stimuli and altered in their cognitive functioning and

visuoperceptual skills.
Knowing these realities, any therapy

that uses psilocybin or MDMA, for example, should involve

thorough participant screening, education, and preparation,

supportive settings, and close supervision by credentialed

and qualified medical and mental health professionals to

maximize safety and promote potential therapeutic outcomes

(Davis et al.,
2021; Johnson et al.,
2008; Nichols, 2016;

Phelps, 2017).
Furthermore, acknowledging that it has been suggested that

some therapies could potentially lead to blurring of ethical

boundaries between participants and provider(s) in some

cases, as well as the potential for enhanced suggestibility,

there might be increased risk for serious intimate ethical

boundary violations by session facilitators/monitors,

including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse (Anderson,

B., Danforth, A., Grob, C., 2020; Goldhill, 2020; Pilecki et

al.,
2021), though psychedelics and entactogens are by no

means unique in this regard.
Some populations might have a

higher risk for adverse reactions from psychedelic or

entactogenic drugs, such as people with a known history of

serious cardiac conditions or serious mental conditions such

as borderline personality disorder or bipolar disorder

(Bender and Hellerstein, 2022; Bradberry et al.,
2022;

Leonard et al.,
2018; Lim et al.,
2012; Malcolm and Thomas,

2021).
Given the broad array of potential challenges with

therapies that may use psychedelics (e.g., psilocybin) or

entactogens (e.g., MDMA), compounded by an absence of

consensus about how best to address these challenges, a

proactive collaborative approach may be most effective, where

a partnership of subject matter expertise can consolidate

efforts and collectively work to address relevant issues

(Belouin et al.,
2022; Belouin and Henningfield, 2018; Xi et

al.,
2023).
Best practices good, credentialling, et.
Information Being Requested

This letter seeks broad input to address five major

landscape domains that may contribute to developing real-

world risk reduction and mitigation frameworks that protect

public health and safety when considering implementing

potential therapies that use a psychedelic or entactogenic

drug substance in medically supervised and interpersonally

supportive settings.
These include: (1) service delivery, (2)

promoting participant protections, (3) engagement of

communities, (4) safeguarding equitable access, and (5) best

practices for data standards.
Service Delivery

What is the spectrum of interdisciplinary practitioners who

will be held accountable as session facilitators/monitors for

the potential use of these substances in medically supervised

and interpersonally supportive settings?
Training considerations

What are the minimal training standards for integrated care

delivery?