He managed district offices, engaged with community

stakeholders from the business and education sectors, and implemented

media strategies to keep constituents informed of legislative

initiatives.
Mr. Bartee's leadership and coordination between district

and Capitol offices were pivotal in serving the needs of over 470,000

constituents, representing a legacy of responsive, engaged, and

effective public service.
Mr. Bartee distinguished himself through his commitment to local

government and community engagement.
Before becoming a District

Director, Mr. Bartee served as a Solano County Field Representative for

State Senator Patricia Wiggins and City Council Member for Vallejo from

2005 to 2009.
During his four years on the Council, Mr. Bartee

demonstrated an unwavering commitment to the residents of Vallejo,

working diligently to address the City's challenges and promote its

growth and revitalization.
Mr. Bartee's earlier career in the private sector included over 20

years with General Mills, where he held various management roles and

contributed to economic development initiatives as part of the Loaned

Executive Program.
In addition, as the owner of Manufacturing

Management Consultants, Mr. Bartee further demonstrated his leadership

and entrepreneurial spirit.
Mr. Bartee's contributions extend beyond his professional roles to

his active involvement in the Vallejo Main Street Program, the Vallejo

Chamber of Commerce, and the Downtown Central Core Restoration

Corporation (CCRC), where he serves as Vice President.
He is also known

for his work as a host and producer with VERBA and VCAT, providing a

platform for local dialogue and community engagement.
Tom's commitment

to community development, revitalization, and engagement has left an

enduring mark in Vallejo.
Mr. Bartee's legacy of integrity, leadership, and service will

continue to inspire those who had the pleasure of working with him.
On

behalf of the constituents of California's 4th and 8th Congressional

Districts, we wish Mr. Bartee the best wishes in his well-earned

retirement and extend our sincere gratitude for his countless years of

service to the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROTECTING PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY WITH PSYCHEDELICS ADVANCING

THERAPIES (PATH)

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record an

updated open letter from myself and Congressman Correa.
the founders of

the PATH Caucus, to ensure stakeholders have a voice in crafting the

rules and regulations surrounding psychedelic assisted treatments.
This

is an updated version of the letter from my previous submission to the

Record on August 9, 2024.
It serves to extend our requested deadline

for responses to February 28, 2025.
Dear Commenter: In 2022, a new Congressional caucus was

created to raise awareness among federal lawmakers about the

therapeutic potential of psychedelic and entactogenic drugs

to treat several mental health conditions that were

refractory to contemporary evidence-based therapies.
The

Congressional Psychedelics Advancing Therapies (PATH) Caucus

aimed to accelerate and support clinical research in the use

of these novel substances, specifically psilocybin and 3,4-

methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA).
To better inform Congressional members, the bipartisan PATH

Caucus is seeking input on how to implement programs and

policies that address the range of complex issues with

potential novel therapies that may use a psychedelic or

entactogenic drug in medically supervised and interpersonally

supportive settings.
To gain a more complete understanding of the issues

associated with use of these substances, the PATH Caucus

believes that taking an inclusive, intentional, and reasoned

approach to gathering input from the public may engender

valuable insights that can more accurately and

comprehensively characterize how different modalities

incorporate the use of these substances while also ensuring

responsible, accountable, safe, and ethical use.
We seek

information from the general public, those who have received

psychedelic-assisted therapies as an intervention, interested

stakeholders, and those individuals and entities working

within the bio-psycho-social-spiritual behavioral health

ecosystem (e.g., palliative care, addiction services), which

stresses a holistic system of care comprised of clinical

providers, counseling, and peer support (Courtney et al.,
2023; D'Souza, 2007; Urutia et al.,
2023).