Following those events, Special Agent McMonigle devoted his

career to the safety and security of the American people.
During his time with the FBI, Special Agent McMonigle served in

multiple capacities at home and abroad, including several tours

overseas in Mogadishu, Somalia and Kabul, Afghanistan.
While most of

his career was with the FBI, Special Agent McMonigle also served as a

field collections officer with the Defense Intelligence Agency within

the Department of Defense.
With degrees from Santa Clara University, Georgetown University, and

the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, Special

Agent McMonigle is well versed in the affairs he was asked to handle.
He is exactly who I would want during a crisis or hostage negotiation,

deployed abroad as a legal attache, supervising human intelligence

operations, and working on international and domestic counterterrorism.
In addition to volunteering his time speaking with students about his

career and encouraging them to find what drives them.
Special Agent

McMonigle also served to better the lives of his fellow agents through

his service on the National Executive Board of the FBI Agents

Association.
While Special Agent McMonigle certainly hasn't actually retired, I

hope, with this transition, he's able to spend more time relaxing,

completing his wood etchings, and enjoying more of life's milestones

with his wife Catherine and their four children, Jack, Patrick, Maria,

and Connor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF OCEAN CITY POLICE CHIEF ROSS C. BUZZURO

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege and honor to recognize

Chief Ross C. Buzzuro of the Ocean City Police Department as he retires

after 40 years of outstanding public service.
Chief Buzzuro led the Ocean City Police Department for over 11 years

with purpose and dedication.
As Chief, he oversaw nearly 100 full-time

officers, around 20 civilian employees and additional seasonal and

part-time employees.
Throughout his nearly 40 years of law enforcement career, Chief

Buzzuro served as a police cadet in Baltimore City in 1985 and

eventually achieved the ranks of lieutenant, deputy major, major and

finally being named lieutenant colonel in 2007.
Chief Buzzuro is a

graduate of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Academy and

the University of Maryland's Fire & Rescue Institute.
He obtained his

bachelor's and master's degrees in management from John Hopkins

University.
I would like to thank Chief Buzzuro for his decades of service to the

people of Maryland and for his work and dedication to the citizens and

visitors of Ocean City.
As he enters his well-deserved retirement and

steps down from his position, I wish Chief Buzzuro a happy, healthy and

exciting retirement spent around family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TOM BARTEE UPON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with Congressman Mike

Thompson to recognize and honor Tom Bartee on the occasion of his

retirement after an illustrious career of public service, leadership,

and commitment to the Vallejo community and beyond.
With over two

decades of residency in Vallejo, Tom's dedication to his community has

made a profound and lasting impact.
Throughout his career, Mr. Bartee served in numerous significant

roles in the Solano County community.
As District Director for Senator

Bill Dodd, Assembly Member Mariko Yamada, and Assembly Member Michael

Allen, Mr. Bartee worked tirelessly to represent Solano County

Districts 4 and 7, coordinating members' engagement with their

constituents and advocating for legislative priorities across a six-

county region.
He managed district offices, engaged with community

stakeholders from the business and education sectors, and implemented

media strategies to keep constituents informed of legislative

initiatives.
Mr. Bartee's leadership and coordination between district

and Capitol offices were pivotal in serving the needs of over 470,000

constituents, representing a legacy of responsive, engaged, and

effective public service.
Mr. Bartee distinguished himself through his commitment to local

government and community engagement.