These include: (1) service delivery, (2)

promoting participant protections, (3) engagement of

communities, (4) safeguarding equitable access, and (5) best

practices for data standards.
Service Delivery

What is the spectrum of interdisciplinary practitioners who

will be held accountable as session facilitators/monitors for

the potential use of these substances in medically supervised

and interpersonally supportive settings?
Training considerations

What are the minimal training standards for integrated care

delivery?
What curriculum is needed that best addresses variations in

psychotherapy (e.g., how best to address a participant's

vulnerability and manage psychedelic-related challenging

experiences)?
Credentialing considerations

What are the relevant background education, qualifications,

professional experiences, and potential examinations that

might be considered for interdisciplinary credentialing?
Which disciplines may represent `service providers' (e.g.,

clinical practitioners, counselors, peer support)?
What might be appropriate supervision and practice hour

requirements?
What types of guidance documents may be necessary for those

who provide close supervision/monitoring of participants

using psychedelics or entactogens?
Promoting Participant Protections

Provide input on strategies that may be critical to

protecting participants, including:

What strategies will be needed to ensure participant

education, screening for medical or mental health conditions

that may disqualify from participation, and informed consent

prior to an individual participating in a therapy that may

use a psychedelic or entactogenic drug substance?
What is needed to assess baseline pre-dose and adverse

event monitoring post-dose (e.g., suicidal ideation or

behavior, physiological reactions, psychological harm,

substance misuse, and drug-drug interactions)?
What information is available or needed on how medically

supervised and interpersonally supportive settings might

incorporate substance misuse screening and prevention, risk

mitigation, safety and ethical monitoring strategies that

protect participants from potential ethical boundary

violations from providers?
What components need to be developed to support ethical-

vigilance reporting systems (e.g., state departments of

consumer protection, professional societies, state licensing

bodies, and law enforcement)?
What data might be collected that improves existing

pharmacovigilance reporting systems?
How will these strategies complement existing patient

protection regulations enforced by FDA that reduce risk for

clinical trial participants as well as for users of approved

and regulated products?
Engagement of Communities

The PATH Caucus invites input to help identify best

mechanisms/approaches that achieve engagement with diverse

communities, including:

How might some indigenous people's use of psychedelics

(e.g., ayahuasca, peyote) as sacraments in spiritual

ceremonial or ritual healing practices, improve our

understanding to protect public health and safety?
How might we ensure engagement with vulnerable populations

disproportionately affected by mental health conditions,

including people experiencing homelessness, racial/ethnic

minorities, sexual and gender minorities, older adults,

people living with disabilities and chronic health

conditions, and individuals in the criminal justice system

(Ortiz et al.,
2022)?
Are there examples of best practices that facilitate

provider (e.g., clinical practitioners, counselors, and peer

support) engagement with vulnerable populations?
How do we effectively navigate societal stigma associated

with psychedelic or entactogenic use?
How do we effectively educate healthcare, local crisis

response systems, and law enforcement?
How do we best engage in comprehensive transparent

community educational outreach?
Safeguarding Equitable Access

What should be considered critical elements to the

development of capabilities across the following domains or

activities?
Reimbursements that ensure equitable access to services.
Healthcare economic impact analyses.
Types of medically supervised and interpersonally

supportive therapy settings.
Collaboration on activities that may include input on

prescribing, administering, and dispensing.
Manufacturing and distribution standards.
Supporting oversight of the available supply of substances.
Diversion control monitoring.
Information on how potential psychedelic and entactogenic

medicinal use might fit within the medication use process and

workflow of health care systems.
How should these activities be performed in a manner that

complements and supports FDA's regulation of development,

manufacturing, distribution, marketing and use of

psychedelics?
Best Practices for Data Standards

What types of data standards and repositories (e.g.,

Coordinated Registry Networks) may be created to collect data

that continually informs best practices and vice versa?
How might current surveillance systems of regulated and

unregulated settings be improved?