As a proud member of the Amherst Garden Club, Ms. O'Malley-Bastian

has not only nurtured beautiful gardens but also friendships that have

blossomed over the years.
Her love of nature and her ability to

cultivate beauty reflects her vibrant spirit and zest for life.
Ms. O'Malley-Bastian's faith has been a cornerstone of her life.
For

the last 50 years, she has been a devoted parishioner at St.

Christopher's Church, a testament to her deep-rooted commitment to her

faith and community.
Her spirituality has been a guiding light,

inspiring those around her to embrace love, kindness, and generosity.
Today, as we celebrate this incredible milestone, let us honor not

just the years that Ms. Catherine O'Malley-Bastian has lived, but the

legacy she has created.
Her dedication to family, faith, and community

serves as an inspiring example for us all.
Please join me in wishing

Ms. Catherine O'Malley-Bastian a very happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WILLIE HUTCH JONES EDUCATIONAL

AND SPORTS PROGRAM

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th

anniversary of the Willie Hutch Jones Educational and Sports Program.
Since 1984, the Willie Hutch Jones Educational and Sports Program has

been providing free programs to children throughout Buffalo, New York.
The mission of the Willie Hutch Jones Educational and Sports Program is

to provide underserved children, at no charge, equal opportunities to

engage in the highest quality programs and to offer character-building

activities through academics, sports, and the arts.
From tap/creative

dance to chess club, the Willie Hutch Jones program provides a diverse

foundation for all interests.
Willie Hutch Jones obtained his Physical Education degree from

Vanderbilt University, along with his master's degree in Sports

Administration from Wayne State University.
These degrees partnered

with his experience in the NBA, helped Mr. Jones grow the clinic for

the youth of Buffalo.
With the exponential growth of this program, the

organization has been able to offer a year-round program, incorporate

dozens of clinics, and remain free of charge.
The Willie Hutch Jones program has strived to improve the emotional,

social, and physical health of underserved youth by providing

opportunities, exposure, and experiences for developing the next

generation of community leaders.
For 40 years, this organization has

set out to impact the youth of Buffalo of all racial and socio-economic

backgrounds, and has succeeded in doing so.
The Willie Hutch Jones

program has connected with countless organizations in the community, to

turn the original dream into a reality.
Today, we thank the Willie Hutch Jones Educational and Sports

Program, for its selfless service to our community.
Please join me in

congratulating the Willie Hutch Jones Educational and Sports Program

for an exceptional 40 years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ZEKELMAN HOLOCAUST CENTER

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor and celebrate the 40th

anniversary of the Zekelman Holocaust Center, a cornerstone of

education and remembrance in Farmington Hills, Michigan.
Since its

inception in 1984, the Center has guided countless individuals through

the history of the Holocaust while instilling values of tolerance,

empathy, and the importance of standing against hatred and

antisemitism.
Its commitment to preserving the memories of Holocaust

victims and survivors is a mission of profound significance, one that

will continue to resonate for generations to come.
Founded on the campus of the Jewish Community Center in West

Bloomfield and relocated to its current location in Farmington Hills in

2004, the Center's mission is to engage, educate, and empower visitors

to create a better future.
As the Zekelman Holocaust Center has grown, so has its impact.
The

Center reaches over 150,000 individuals annually through educational

efforts, virtual museum experiences, and on-site visits.