As the United States

Representative for Illinois 8th Congressional District, I am proud of

my strong relationship with Metra and will continue working with them

on improving services, as well as securing funding for projects of

critical importance to my constituents.
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in Illinois and elsewhere,

ridership across every mode of public transportation decreased

significantly.
The rise of remote and hybrid work meant fewer people

commuting each day, leaving transit systems with ridership

approximately 40 percent below pre-COVID levels.
This decreased

ridership had a direct impact on farebox revenue, a major source of

funding for transit operations.
In the Chicago region, beginning in

late 2025 and early 2026, transit operators like Metra will face a $730

million annual budget gap.
I remain committed to addressing the transit

fiscal cliff--an issue that will not only impact Illinois transit

systems but also the majority of transit systems operating across the

Nation.
I would also like to extend my congratulations to Metra's CEO and

Executive Director, Jim Derwinski, on being named as Chair of the

Surface Transportation Board's Passenger Rail Advisory Committee.
Finally, I would like to recognize the tireless work of Metra's

employees, from the ticket agents to the train conductors.
Their work

is essential to fulfilling the critical transportation needs of our

communities.
I thank Metra for 40 years of service.
I look forward to their

continued success, and many more years of growth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MUSICAL THEATRE WEST

HON.
ROBERT GARCIA

Mr. ROBERT GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an

extraordinary institution in my district, Musical Theatre West, a

premier musical theater company celebrating 72 years in business and 27

years since they moved to my hometown of Long Beach.
What began in 1952 as the Whittier Civic Light Opera has blossomed

into one of Southern California's most respected theatrical production

companies.
From humble beginnings performing in a high school

auditorium, they have grown to produce a full season of shows at the

Richard and Karen Carpenter Performing Arts Center, showcasing both

classic staples and contemporary favorites.
Their commitment to artistic excellence has not only enriched our

cultural landscape but has also nurtured countless homegrown talents

who have gone on to shine on Broadway and beyond.
Musical Theatre West's commitment to accessibility has introduced

audiences of all ages and classes to beloved productions, reaching

demographics who may have not been otherwise exposed to the art of

musical theater.
But most importantly their dedication to education reaches over

17,000 children yearly through outreach programs, sharing the magic of

musical theater with the next generation.
Let us celebrate Musical Theatre West for its remarkable journey, its

lasting impact on our community, and for showcasing the power of the

performing arts to inspire and uplift.