Title: CELEBRATING 555 EAST'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
163

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 555 EAST'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROBERT GARCIA

Mr. ROBERT GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to

congratulate a Long Beach institution, 555 East, on its 40th

anniversary this month.
In 1983, when my hometown of Long Beach faced challenges--boarded-up

bui]dings and a struggling economy--Sam King saw potential in our city

and more specifically our downtown.
On the eve of Thanksgiving that year, he signed a lease for 555 E.

Ocean Boulevard, a decision that would change our dining landscape

forever.
Just months later, as the 1984 Olympics approached, 555 East opened

its doors, introducing the prime steakhouse concept to Southern

California.
For four decades, 555 East has been more than just a restaurant; it

has been a gathering place for family celebrations, business meetings,

and everything in between.
It has truly earned its iconic status within our community.
I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing 555 East for its

milestone anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 55 YEARS OF THE BUFFALO NIAGARA HERITAGE VILLAGE

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Buffalo

Niagara Heritage Village as it celebrates 55 years of exceptional work

in preserving the agricultural history and rural heritage of the

Buffalo Niagara region.
The Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village is a

testament to the commitment of our community to honor and interpret the

stories that have shaped our past and continue to inform our future.
The mission of the Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village transcends

further than preservation, as it strives to create an educational

institution that fosters a deep appreciation for our local history.
Visitors quickly realize that it is more than a museum--the Buffalo

Niagara Heritage Village is a vibrant hub for learning, discovery, and

inspiration.
The Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village connects the rich tapestry of

our region's contributions to the broader narrative of American history

and ignites curiosity while inspiring the next generation of leaders,

artists, and custodians of our heritage.
It offers hands-on experiences

that connect visitors with the agricultural roots of our community,

making history tangible and relevant.
Today, as we celebrate 55 years of the Buffalo Niagara Heritage

Village, we also look forward with hope and ambition.
The museum's

efforts help to enhance the Western New York region by continuously

expanding their reach, and creating even more meaningful connections

throughout the community we cherish.
Please join me in thanking the

Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village's organizers for their years of

service to the public.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF CATHERINE O'MALLEY-BASTIAN

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Ms. Catherine

O'Malley-Bastian on her 100th birthday.
As she celebrates her 100th

birthday, her life story is a beautiful tapestry woven with love and

resilience.
Born on December 13, 1924, Ms. O'Malley-Bastian has not only

witnessed a century of history but has also shaped the lives of those

around her with her unwavering spirit and dedication to her community.
Ms. O'Malley-Bastian's career with the IRS exemplifies her commitment

to service, where she contributed her skills and knowledge for many

years.
Beyond her professional achievements, she has devoted her time

to volunteering with the Red Cross, embodying the true meaning of

selflessness and compassion.
Her contributions have made a lasting

impact on countless lives, showcasing her belief in the power of

community and kindness.
As a proud member of the Amherst Garden Club, Ms. O'Malley-Bastian

has not only nurtured beautiful gardens but also friendships that have

blossomed over the years.
Her love of nature and her ability to

cultivate beauty reflects her vibrant spirit and zest for life.
Ms. O'Malley-Bastian's faith has been a cornerstone of her life.