How should these activities be performed in a manner that

complements and supports FDA's regulation of development,

manufacturing, distribution, marketing and use of

psychedelics?
Best Practices for Data Standards

What types of data standards and repositories (e.g.,

Coordinated Registry Networks) may be created to collect data

that continually informs best practices and vice versa?
How might current surveillance systems of regulated and

unregulated settings be improved?
For example, Researched Abuse, Diversion and Addiction-

Related Surveillance (RADARS), Monitoring the Future,

National Survey on Drug Use and Health, and the Drug Abuse

Warning Network, collect actionable data on psychedelic and

entactogenic use; associated adverse events; prevalence of

medical and non-medical use; frequency, dose, and use

settings; and participant comorbidities, health concerns,

long-term effects, as well as demographic characteristics.
Please email your input and feedback to PATH@mail.house.gov

by close of business on February 28, 2025.
Your responses to

these questions are crucial, as they will directly inform

Congress on how best to contribute to protecting public

health and safety, acknowledging the complex nature of issues

associated with these novel therapies that use psychedelic or

entactogenic substances in medically supervised and

interpersonally supportive settings.
We aim to ensure the

path we walk is illuminated for all Congressional members

where they can make informed decisions on the relevant

issues.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GOODWILL OF COLORADO'S EXCEL CENTER IN AURORA, COLORADO

HON.
JASON CROW

Mr. CROW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

recent opening of Goodwill of Colorado's Excel Center in Aurora,

Colorado.
The Excel Center is dedicated to advancing educational opportunities

for adults in our state and aims to empower adult learners to achieve

the foundational credential of a high school diploma.
As Colorado's first in-person, no-cost, adult learning high school,

the Excel Center will provide a pathway for residents aged 22 years and

older to earn a diploma--setting them up for higher earning potential

and improved job security.
Equipping students with the tools and support they need to overcome

obstacles to academic progress is one of the main priorities of the

Excel Center.
By working to break down these obstacles, including

childcare and transportation, Goodwill of Colorado will help students

pursue their educational goals.
Colorado, like much of the Nation, faces a critical workforce

shortage, particularly in high-demand industries requiring skilled

workers.
Adult learners at the Excel Center will be connected with the

education resources, certificates, and workforce development they need

to enter the workforce and contribute to in-demand fields.
My district, our state, and our Nation are better when we invest in

our workforce, create opportunities for growth, and empower our

communities.
I congratulate Goodwill of Colorado on the opening of the

Excel Center and thank them for their service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING METRA'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise today to commemorate

the 40th anniversary of Metra Commuter Railroad.
Since its establishment, Metra has been an integral part of the

transportation network that connects riders with their workplace,

community, and loved ones throughout Chicagoland.
Metra operates the

Nation's largest commuter rail system, as measured by route miles,

including 11 rail lines and 243 stations throughout the Chicago

metropolitan region, a region that covers more than 3,700 square miles.
Throughout Metra's impressive expansion, Metra's dedication to the

communities it serves has been unwavering.
As the United States

Representative for Illinois 8th Congressional District, I am proud of

my strong relationship with Metra and will continue working with them

on improving services, as well as securing funding for projects of

critical importance to my constituents.
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in Illinois and elsewhere,

ridership across every mode of public transportation decreased

significantly.
The rise of remote and hybrid work meant fewer people

commuting each day, leaving transit systems with ridership

approximately 40 percent below pre-COVID levels.