GySgt.
Basilone has roads, bridges, and highways named after

him in several states, and every enlisted Marine is taught about GySgt.
Basilone's courageous actions during their time in boot camp.
It brings

me tremendous honor to commemorate the Birthday of this American hero

and native son of New Jersey.
I would also like to recognize the

Basilone Memorial Foundation for their tireless work honoring GySgt.
Basilone and supporting our active military, veterans, and others in

need.
I am truly honored to represent a district home to such a hero

and an organization that continuously works to support our Military.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
ROBERT LEE WEST

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished fellow

physician and beloved friend, Dr. Robert Lee West, of Greenville, NC.
Dr. West grew up working on his family's farm and received his medical

degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1959.
He

certainly left his mark on the Tarheel medical community, serving a

year as the Chief Resident.
After receiving his certification from the American Board of

Pathology in 1964, Dr. West committed to serving our Nation by

enlisting in the U.S. Army.
He was assigned to Walter Reed Memorial

Hospital, and we as a nation are forever indebted to Dr. West for his

contributions to the health of our soldiers, as he helped establish the

hospital's first Clinical Research Unit.
Following his military service, Dr. West relocated to Greenville with

his business partner, Dr. Charles Gilbert, where he practiced for 47

years.
Together, they helped establish the Department of Pathology at

Pitt County Memorial Hospital, providing pathological services

throughout Eastern North Carolina.
Dr. West brought his decades of

clinical experience to educate aspiring physicians by joining the

faculty at the ECU Brody School of Medicine in 1983.
While he was a

professor, Dr. West was recognized by Cambridge's Who's Who for his

leadership in higher education.
Upon his retirement in 2013, he was granted the title of Professor

Emeritus and received the Clinical Faculty Development Award for the

Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of

North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Dr. West made remarkable and enduring

contributions to the field of pathology at every stage of his career.
Words do little justice when trying to fully capture the profound

impact he had on our Nation, his community, and the medical field.
Dr.

West went to be with the Lord on September 28, 2024, leaving a void

felt deeply by all who knew him.
I hope that we can all learn from his

legacy and strive to meaningfully contribute wherever we are, whenever

we can, and to whomever we can, just as he did.
I am honored and

humbled to extend this chamber's recognition to this incredible,

faithful servant leader.
May Dr. West forever rest in peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JAMES ``PAT'' McMONIGLE

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize the service of Special Agent

James ``Pat'' McMonigle (Special Agent McMonigle), who retired from the

Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in June.
Special Agent McMonigle felt the call to serve our country after the

tragic loss of a colleague in the terrorist attacks on September 11,

2001.
Following those events, Special Agent McMonigle devoted his

career to the safety and security of the American people.
During his time with the FBI, Special Agent McMonigle served in

multiple capacities at home and abroad, including several tours

overseas in Mogadishu, Somalia and Kabul, Afghanistan.
While most of

his career was with the FBI, Special Agent McMonigle also served as a

field collections officer with the Defense Intelligence Agency within

the Department of Defense.