The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
This is my first oral questions session as Welsh Secretary, so I congratulate and welcome all Members elected to represent Welsh constituencies, particularly the 84% of those Members who sit on the Labour Benches.
I also welcome the shadow Secretary of State for Scotland,  the hon.
Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , to the Front Bench—for Wales questions.
Finally, I pay tribute to our fantastic Welsh Olympians and Paralympians, who have brought home a record medal haul to a very proud nation.
I recently met the Energy Secretary and visited the energy cluster in Pembrokeshire with the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Government have established Great British Energy to drive down bills, create jobs and deliver energy security.
Its new partnership with the Crown Estate will boost new green technologies, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
That will supercharge the work already undertaken by the Welsh Government, which the Prime Minister saw at first hand in west Wales with the new First Minister.
I support my right hon.
Friend’s sentiments, and wish her well in her job.
In advance of the statement, what can she say about jobs and investment in this crucial sector?
I am delighted that seven Welsh tidal, solar and offshore wind projects were successful in securing contracts in the Government’s main scheme for supporting low-carbon electricity generation.
Those projects will support the Government’s mission to deliver clean power by 2030, as well as creating high-quality green jobs and attracting private investment.
I look forward to further Welsh projects coming through in future rounds.