One of the biggest contributions to economic growth is the agrifood sector.
With today being Back British Farming Day, does the Minister agree that farmers, whether they be in Wales or Northern Ireland, need the support of this Government to ensure they reach their full potential to contribute to economic growth?
As the hon.
Member quite rightly says, farmers make a huge contribution both to the economic growth of this country and to our food security.
That is why we are absolutely determined to work hand in hand with the Welsh Government to ensure that we can offer the very best to our Welsh farmers.
What the Government’s policy is on the proposed nuclear power plant at Wylfa.
Nuclear energy can play an important role in helping to achieve energy security and clean power, while providing thousands of skilled jobs.
Great British Nuclear has acquired the Wylfa site with a view to developing a new nuclear project.
Decisions on the project and the technologies to be deployed at Wylfa will be made in due course.
The last Government announced the biggest expansion in nuclear power for 70 years, including the commissioning of Hinkley Point C in Somerset.
Does the Minister agree that a new nuclear power plant at Wylfa is vital to the UK’s energy security, and can she give a timeline for its development?
As a previously designated nuclear site that has hosted nuclear power, Wylfa is ideally placed either to be used for large-scale nuclear, or to be used for a series of small modular reactors.
We will be setting out our plans for the site in due course.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to improve digital infrastructure in rural Wales.
This Government are committed to improving digital connectivity, as demonstrated by our commitment to full gigabit and national 5G coverage by 2030.
I have recently met internet and mobile providers as well as Ofcom.
The hon.
Member will be aware that, thanks to the UK Government’s shared rural network, 4G connectivity has been boosted in his constituency as a result of the activation last month of two additional masts.
Many of my constituents living in areas such as Llanwrthwl and Llanafan Fawr have been missed out by previous roll-out schemes.
Are the Government committed to ensuring that funding is available to ensure that people living in so-called hard-to-reach areas can be connected?
I very much appreciate the concern that the hon.
Member has for his constituents, particularly in a rural area that has so many challenges for connectivity.
I can tell him that over 90% of premises in his constituency can access superfast broadband speeds.
To extend gigabit-capable coverage further, approximately 3,000 premises in his constituency are currently expected to receive gigabit-capable connection through the Project Gigabit cross regional procurement framework.
Alongside this, there are 21 voucher projects across the constituency,  which will cover approximately 5,000 premises.
However, if he has any concerns, perhaps he could come and see me on the matter.
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on NHS waiting lists.
We recognise that the NHS in Wales faces unique challenges, and we are committed to working closely with the Welsh Government to improve NHS waiting times.
Our approach is grounded in the belief that public services, such as healthcare, should not just be fit for purpose today, but be robust and resilient for the future.
Treating cancer early is critical for survival rates.
In England, the target is to have 85% of patients treated within 62 days.
In Wales, that target is more generous; it is just 75%, yet it has never been achieved.
The current rate is an appalling 56.7%, much worse than the equivalent figure in England.
Why is it that Welsh Labour is underperforming England?
Is it really still the blueprint for Government?
More people in Wales have been told that they do not have cancer than ever before, and that is good news.
Performance increased against the 62-day target for treatment in June compared with the previous month, and over the past two years, the number of patients waiting longer than two years has reduced.
Average waits for treatment remain steady.