Under the previous Government, the transition board met six times and formed two sub-committees, but did not distribute a single penny of the funding that was promised to support businesses and workers in south Wales.
Will the Secretary of State provide an assessment of how the transition board has changed under her leadership?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election as Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee, and I look forward to engaging with her and her colleagues as they take on their important work.
As I set out, we have released £13.5 million as the first tranche of funding from the transition board.
That has changed the situation radically from discussion to delivery.
That is what we promised; that is what we have delivered.
Whether she has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Welsh Government on steps to improve cross-border train services.
Last week, I met the Transport Secretary to discuss rail infrastructure and steps to improve cross-border connectivity.
I also joined the Welsh Government Cabinet Secretary, Ken Skates, to announce the joint Network Rail and Transport for Wales programme that will increase rail capacity by 40%, with 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
It a real delight to see my right hon.
Friend in her place.
The train line from Aberystwyth to Birmingham International via Telford is critical to the university, and to the economies and connectivity of mid Wales, Telford and wider Shropshire.
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had with the Welsh Government, Transport for Wales and the Department for Transport about improving that line and the rolling stock?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the Cambrian line provides an important connection to and from Aberystwyth University, and it plays a key role in supporting cross-border connectivity for the people of mid-Wales and beyond.
In recent years, Network Rail has undertaken work to improve infrastructure on the Cambrian line to support the introduction of new trains.
Enhancements to the railway in Wales that deliver passenger benefits, including proposed electrification, are being considered by the Wales Rail Board.