Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of 30 years The landmark Brady Bill, championed by Jim and Sarah Brady, was enacted 30 years ago on February 28, 1994.
This historic legislation established our nation's background check system for guns sold at licensed firearms dealers.
The Brady Bill is named after Reagan White House Press Secretary Jim Brady.
After Jim Brady survived a bullet to the head during the 1981 assassination attempt of President Reagan, he and his wife, Sarah Brady, knew our country urgently needed common-sense solutions to prevent guns from falling into the hands of those who intend to cause harm.
Since its enactment, the Brady Bill has blocked almost 4.9 million prohibited gun transactions.
Thirty years later, the Brady Bill continues to save countless lives each day because background checks work.
As we celebrate enduring milestones that have transformed our country, I cannot help but remember the lives that have been selfishly lost to inaction and negligence.
So, in addition to celebrating the success of the Brady Bill, I would like to take a moment to urge the passage of an additional, necessary piece of gun violence prevention legislation--H.R. 52, The Kimberly Vaughan Firearm Safe Storage Act.
This bill was named after Kimberly Vaughan, a 14-year-old girl, who was among the ten lives we lost during the devastating Santa Fe High School shooting on May 18, 2018.
H.R. 52 will establish best practices for firearm storage to protect children from improperly stored or misused firearms and establish a grant program for local government and nonprofits to distribute safe storage devices.
In particular, the Attorney General is directed to establish voluntary best practices relating to safe firearm storage and publish them on a website and in print.
Secondly, it will require most weapons to have a clear written notice on the packaging that says, ``Safe Storage Saves Lives' and how to obtain the best practices established by the Attorney General.
Additionally, the bill will provide grants to states and local governments with a ten-year, $10 million grant program to distribute safe storage devices.
As Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime and Federal Government Surveillance, member of the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, and cofounding member of the Children's Caucus, gun violence prevention and the protecting of children is deeply important to me.
And so, in highlighting the importance of passing bills, such as H.R. 52, we must also reflect and remember the lives of those lost to senseless gun violence.
Kimberly Vaughan loved cats, Harry Potter, and regularly took trips to the library.
She was drawing geometric shapes in her first period art class when she was tragically killed by a 17-year-old student who was on a shooting rampage.
That student ultimately massacred 8 students, 2 teachers, and wounded 13 others at Santa Fe High School in Texas.
It was the worst school shooting since 17 people were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida just two months prior.
The shotgun and the.38 caliber pistol the shooter took to school belonged to his father and were available to him at his home.
Firearm injury is the leading cause of death for children and young adults in the United States.
Although American children are ``twice as likely to be shot and killed as they are to die drowning,'' there are more safety regulations for pools than gun storage according to a report by Everytown for Gun Safety.
Every year, almost 20,000 children are shot and killed or wounded by a firearm, and 3 million are exposed to gun violence.
One in three U.S. households with children have firearms and firearms accounted for nearly 19 percent of childhood deaths in 2021, a 50 percent increase since 2019.
On average, 9 minors are killed by improperly stored or misused guns every day.
In my home state of Texas, more than 4,000 Texans are shot and killed each year.
Safe storage practices are critically important to keep firearms away from dangerous individuals and to keep children and families safe from senseless gun violence.
In the last decade, nearly 2 million firearms have been reported stolen.
Between 2010 and 2016, police recovered more than 23,000 stolen firearms that were used to commit kidnapping, armed robberies, sexual assaults, murders, and other violent crimes.
An estimated 4.6 million minors live in homes with at least one unlocked, loaded firearm; on average, 9 children are killed by improperly stored or misused guns every day.
The passage of the Brady Bill reminds us that bold action to prevent gun violence is possible.
Americans should be safe from gun violence in their homes and neighborhoods.
Americans should not be shot at Super Bowl parades.
Americans should not be shot in their schools.
Americans should not be shot at their places of worship.