telling people that they weren't ``saved.''
Instead, he wanted them to send a message that they were ``safe with God.''
But this new theology of inclusion and universalism marked his downfall within the evangelical mainstream.
Congregants left the church.
Preachers like T.D. Jakes spoke out against him; Jakes told Charisma Magazine, a popular Christian publication, that Pearson was wrong and had incorrectly interpreted the Bible.
Many churches and leaders turned their backs on him.
He lost his church, both its members and the building.
He was banned from hosting the Azusa conference at the Oral Roberts institution and Roberts, his former mentor, remained silent.
At the time, Pearson was also running for the Mayor of Tulsa, the city with the worst race riot in 1922 known as the Black Wall Street massacre.
He lost.
``I told Carlton that if he told them he believed there was no such thing as hell and damnation, he will reduce this weapon of fear based religion, which is the foundation of religious institutions money,'' said Bishop Yvette Flunder, a friend of Pearson and a same gender loving preacher and singer who sung with The Hawkins Family.
``His colleagues and the College of Bishops that he was a part of put him on blast and said he was a heretic and excommunicated him.''
Charisma Magazine didn't let the issue rest.
According to Reid, they wrote about Pearson for two years, demonizing his theology and teachings.
``He was deeply hurt and felt betrayed,'' his children Majeste and Julian Pearson wrote in an email to Rolling Stone.
But Pearson stood by his beliefs.
``He internalized a lot of it, resulting in him becoming physically sick.
Around that time, he had his first bout with cancer.
We were nine and 11 when we knew it was our last service.''
While no longer popular in the mainstream church, Pearson's ministry continued through his church New Dimensions, where he preached against homophobia and embraced the LGBTQ community as members.
He challenged scriptures used to demonize and oppress their existence.
He also authored books like The Gospel of Inclusion and God Is Not a Christian, Nor a Jew, Muslim, Hindu....:
God Dwells with Us, in Us, Around Us, as Us.
He also was a minister to many in person.
``Bishop Pearson's ministry was a mirror for me,'' says Dillard.
Back in 2005, Dillard had met Pearson leaving an event and felt inclined to give him a ride back to Atlanta.
``Something very powerful happened in our moment together.
I was seeking God in a different way and I had come up with translations that I needed confirmation from.
I felt low in spirit that I was not meeting the standards of the Word of God.
Bishop said something to me that changed my life that day.
He said `As others have judged you, you have now taken on their judgment and you are judging yourself.'
It spoke to my heart.''