Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend Deborah Kallick, who is retiring from her role as Vice President of Government and Industry Relations at Cedars-Sinai Health System after 24 years of service to our Southern California community.
Deborah grew up in Beverly Hills, California, as a first-generation American, with her mother coming from Odesa, Ukraine, and her father from Munich, Germany.
She earned her B.A. from Pitzer College in 1978 and her M.B.A. from USC in 1983.
Before joining Cedars-Sinai, she served as UCLA's Executive Director of Federal and Health Sciences Government Relations from 1985 to 2000.
A dedicated advocate at all levels of government for the health care delivery system, Deborah has served as Cedars-Sinai's legislative steward in Los Angeles, Sacramento, and Washington, D.C.
Cedars-Sinai is a leading provider of care to Californians on Medi-Cal, the state's Medicaid program, and Deborah has played a major role in expanding this program so that the most vulnerable in our community have access to health care services.
Deborah led efforts to improve hospital financing and successfully advocated for funding to expand medical research and graduate medical education while playing a paramount role in establishing joint research efforts between Cedars-Sinai and the Uniform Services University at the Department.
She was also instrumental in securing entitlements to build the new Cedars-Sinai Marina del Rey Hospital, contributing to the development of the institution's new campus.
This initiative allowed Cedars-Sinai to expand its services and further its mission of education, research, and patient care.
Beyond her work in the health care sphere, Deborah is also active in numerous civic and community organizations.
She currently is the Board Vice President for Hillel International and the past Board Chair of USC Hillel and Hillel 818.
Additionally, Deborah serves on the Boards of Directors of the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce, the Los Angeles Business Council, the West Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, Hillel 818, Hillel at the Claremont Colleges, Pitzer College, the Maple Counseling Center, and the Getty House Foundation.
Deborah has received numerous accolades for her tireless service to our community.
She received the West Hollywood Women's Leadership Award in 2006 and the Thomas Crail Lifetime Achievement Award from the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce in 2008.
She also earned the 2006 American Hospital Association's Grass Roots Champion Award and The Maple Counseling Center's Community Spirit Award in 2012.
I am proud to have worked alongside Deborah to deliver better health outcomes to Southern Californians.
Her tireless advocacy and relentless activism have had a profound impact on the lives of millions of patients--in Los Angeles, in California, and across the nation.
Her presence as a stalwart of working toward enhancing health care access, quality, and affordability will be missed.
I thank Deborah for a lifetime of service and wish her the best of luck in this next chapter of her life.
I ask all Members to join me in congratulating Deborah for 24 years of service.