Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Judge Vernon Smith, who passed away at the age of 79 on July 29, 2023.
Vernon served as a respected jurist and community leader throughout his professional career.
Vernon was born on December 7, 1943 in San Francisco, and moved to Sleepy Hollow in Marin County as a teenager.
He attended Sir Francis Drake High School in San Anselmo, and then completed both undergraduate studies and law school at the University of San Francisco, finishing his studies in 1968.
With a focus on public service, Vernon began his law career at the Marin County District Attorney's Office in 1969.
Vernon served as a prosecutor in the District Attorney's Office for five years before joining the Novato law firm Trumbull, Rush & Smith, where he would gain experience with both criminal and civil cases.
During his tenure with private practice, he continued to build his reputation as a caring and competent member of the legal profession.
Vernon returned to public service in 1982, when he was selected as a Marin County court commissioner.
After 5 years as commissioner, Vernon was elected to the Municipal Court as a judge.
He was instrumental in the court consolidation process, and Vernon went on to serve as the first presiding judge of the newly consolidated Marin County Superior Court.
As he rose in seniority, Vernon would serve as supervising judge for the civil, probate, juvenile, family law, and criminal divisions.
His impeccable standing with the community led him to continued electoral success.
He retired in 2007 after serving 25 years on the bench.
Vernon enjoyed more time with his family after retiring, but he also stayed engaged in his professional community.
He served as a mediator with Resolution Remedies, a Sausalito-based legal dispute mediation service, and taught legal courses at the College of Marin and Dominican University of California in San Rafael.
Vernon is survived by his wife of 52 years, Linda, his sons Brent and Ryan, daughter Claire, and 4 grandchildren.
While he will be greatly missed, Vernon's legacy will live on through the positive impact he had on his community and beyond.