Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a local hero who bravely served and defended our Nation overseas, then returned home to build a thriving life and business back in Michigan.
As Willis James Rockwood celebrates his 100th birthday, I pay tribute to his extraordinary life of service and dedication to his country, his family, and his community.
Willis Rockwood was born on August 26, 1923 in Long Rapids, Michigan.
He enlisted in the United States Army where he proudly served as an infantryman and squad leader during World War II.
His service took him across the world and back, fighting with and for our allies in the European and Pacific theaters.
Willis' exemplary service earned him multiple awards and commendations, including a Good Conduct Medal and a letter of recognition from President Harry S. Truman.
Upon his honorable discharge, Willis returned to Michigan where he and his best friend from the Army set out to use their skills and talents to build a life not just for themselves but for others, a plan that came together as Flositz and Rockwood Quality Home Builders.
This successful construction company flourished for decades, and in 1949, the foundation of Willis' own family was installed when he married Marion Elizabeth Storing.
They spent 65 wonderful years together until her passing in 2015, and their love expanded many times over with the additions of 3 children, 3 grandchildren, and 4 great-grandchildren.
Willis Rockwood built his post-Army life in the Lansing, Michigan, area, where he has devoted himself to many organizations and community groups, including the American Legion Post No. 238, the Church of the Nazarene where he taught Sunday School, and his neighborhood watch, where he is known for generously shoveling driveways and sidewalks throughout the community.
He is a man of many hobbies and talents, including wood carving, flying his plane, and bowling.
And in the large and loving family he established, Willis is beloved as the historical archivist and storyteller, with a zest for life and a laugh that echoes across multiple generations.