share meals with Bosnian families in my district, so many of whom came to Saint Louis in the wake of the tragic wars of the nineties.
This community has shaped what the city looks and feels like; it has added great cultural diversity to the city, immense intellectual capital, thriving small businesses, and a strong religious presence.
Three decades ago, members of our Bosnian community were refugees.
In 1995, Orthodox Serbs under the command of General Ratko Mladic initiated a horrific ethnic cleansing campaign against majority-Muslim Bosniaks.
The escalating bloodshed forced 130,000 Bosnian refugees to seek new lives in the United States.
Thousands more were murdered in Srebrenica.
We remember those unthinkable events as the Srebrenica Genocide.
On the 30th Commemoration of the genocide, I wish to honor the memory of the survivors--especially my Bosnian neighbors, whose wit, warmth, and generosity inspires me to seek change.
With conflict and turmoil roiling every corner of the world, including the Western Balkans, it is so important to look back at the experiences of the Bosnian people during the wars and genocide of the 1990's.
When we say ``never again,'' we must mean it.
That is why I am leading bipartisan legislation, the Upholding the Dayton Peace Agreement Through Sanctions Act, that would codify and mandate key sanctions authorities to send an unmistakable message to any actor that threatens the peace, security, stability, or territorial integrity.
Sanctions work.
The State Department told me that Republika Srpska officials begged the U.S., ``Please, no more sanctions.''
However, much more leverage needs to be brought to bear against Dodik and his inner circle, their Russian backers, and the corrupt politicians who recklessly use ethnic tension to grow their power and wealth.
This bill has overwhelmingly passed the House multiple times, and I am pleased to announce that I reintroduced it earlier this week, alongside my fellow co-chairs of the Bosnia Caucus, Representatives Turner, Auchincloss, and Bell.
With Dodik's separatists emboldened to a shocking degree and the institutions of Dayton under overt attack, it could not be clearer: the time to enact this legislation is now.
I thank those who traveled for this Commemoration and their commitment to justice and truth.
They have many friends in Congress who will always fight for a peaceful, prosperous Bosnia and Herzegovina.