Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 854, to amend title 31,

United States Code, to establish the Life Sciences

Research Security Board, S. 855, to require executive

branch employees to report certain royalties, S. 269,

to improve coordination between Federal and State

agencies and the Do Not Pay working system, S. 81, to

require a guidance clarity statement on certain agency

guidance, S. 861, to streamline the sharing of

information among Federal disaster assistance agencies,

to expedite the delivery of life-saving assistance to

disaster survivors, to speed the recovery of

communities from disasters, to protect the security and

privacy of information provided by disaster survivors,

S. 766, to require an annual report of taxpayer-funded

projects that are over budget and behind schedule, S.

872, to amend the Federal Funding Accountability and

Transparency Act of 2006 to ensure that other

transaction agreements are reported to USAspending.gov,

S. 727, to correct the inequitable denial of enhanced

retirement and annuity benefits to certain U.S. Customs

and Border Protection Officers, S. 874, to ensure that

whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected

from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a

reprisal, S. 594, to amend the Post-Katrina Management

Reform Act of 2006 to repeal certain obsolete

requirements, S. 865, to amend the Lobbying Disclosure

Act of 1995 to require certain disclosures by

registrants regarding exemptions under the Foreign

Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, S. 856, to

amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to clarify a

provision relating to certain contents of registrations

under that Act, S. 850, to amend the Northern Border

Security Review Act to require updates to the northern

border threat analysis and the northern border

strategy, S. 848, to provide for joint reports by

relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding

incidents of terrorism, and S. 572, to enhance the

effectiveness of the Shadow Wolves Program; to be

immediately followed by a business meeting to consider

S. 1498, to amend chapter 131 of title 5, United States

Code, to prohibit transactions involving certain

financial instruments by Members of Congress, S. 2144,

to improve the safety and security of Members of

Congress, immediate family members of Members of

Congress, and congressional staff, the nominations of

Pedro Allende, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for

Science and Technology, and Sean Plankey, of

Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Cybersecurity and

Infrastructure Security Agency, both of the Department

of Homeland Security, Christopher Fox, of Virginia, to

be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community,

Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and

Edward Aloysius O'Connell, of the District of Columbia,

to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the

District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain nominations.
11 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine a review of the USDA

reorganization proposal.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Border Management, Federal Workforce, and

Regulatory Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Congress's role in the

regulatory landscape.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy

To hold hearings to examine finding opportunities for

U.S.-Africa partnerships.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold hearings to examine protecting and safeguarding

Americans' online data.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine awareness to action, focusing

on combating elder abuse and neglect.