JULY 31

9:15 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael

Powers, of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary, Amy

Henninger, of Virginia, to be Director of Operational

Test and Evaluation, David Denton, Jr., of Virginia, to

be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy, and

Benjamin Kohlmann, of Texas, to be an Assistant

Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of

Defense.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled,

``Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2026'', and

an original bill entitled, ``Departments of Labor,

Health and Human Services, Education, and Related

Agencies Appropriations Act, 2026''.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan

McKernan, of Tennessee, to be an Under Secretary of the

Treasury, and Alex Adams, of Idaho, to be Assistant

Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and

Human Services.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bryan

Switzer, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States

Trade Representative (Asia, Textiles, Investment,

Services, and Intellectual Property), with the rank of

Ambassador, and Gustav Chiarello III, of Virginia, to

be an Assistant Secretary, and Michael Stuart, of West

Virginia, to be General Counsel, both of the Department

of Health and Human Services, and Derek Theurer, of

Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the

Treasury, vice Jonathan Davidson.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine making health care

affordable, focusing on solutions to lower costs and

empower patients.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Leif

Olson, to be United States Attorney for the Northern

District of Iowa for the term of four years, and Adam

Sleeper, to be United States Attorney for the District

of the Virgin Islands for the term of four years, both

of the Department of Justice.