Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
129

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 29, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Lanny

Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface

Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and Audrey

Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary

(Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), and Timothy

John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary

(Environmental Management), both of the Department of

Energy.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment

To hold hearings to examine guardrails and growth,

focusing on AI's role in capital and insurance markets.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 1691, to limit the use of

facial recognition technology in airports, S. 2314, to

direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish a task

force regarding shark depredation, S. 2318, to amend

the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act

to require the periodic update to the strategic plan to

guide the Manufacturing USA Program to align with the

mandatory updates to the National Strategy for Advanced

Manufacturing, S. 2351, to supplement existing lease

authorities available to the Administrator of the

National Aeronautics and Space Administration to

support research, education, and training, and the

nominations of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be

Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, Taylor

Jordan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant

Secretary, and Harry Kumar, of New York, to be an

Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Commerce,

Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of

the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety

Administration, Jonathan Morrison, of California, to be

Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety

Administration, Seval Oz, of California, to be an

Assistant Secretary, Michael Rutherford, of Florida, to

be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory Zerzan, of

Texas, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of

Transportation, and Derek Barrs, of Florida, to be

Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety

Administration.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar business.