10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment

To hold hearings to examine guardrails and growth,

focusing on AI's role in capital and insurance markets.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 1691, to limit the use of

facial recognition technology in airports, S. 2314, to

direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish a task

force regarding shark depredation, S. 2318, to amend

the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act

to require the periodic update to the strategic plan to

guide the Manufacturing USA Program to align with the

mandatory updates to the National Strategy for Advanced

Manufacturing, S. 2351, to supplement existing lease

authorities available to the Administrator of the

National Aeronautics and Space Administration to

support research, education, and training, and the

nominations of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be

Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, Taylor

Jordan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant

Secretary, and Harry Kumar, of New York, to be an

Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Commerce,

Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of

the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety

Administration, Jonathan Morrison, of California, to be

Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety

Administration, Seval Oz, of California, to be an

Assistant Secretary, Michael Rutherford, of Florida, to

be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory Zerzan, of

Texas, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of

Transportation, and Derek Barrs, of Florida, to be

Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety

Administration.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar business.
S-116

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 2292, to amend the

Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and

extend the user fee program for over-the-counter

monograph drugs, S. 1440, to amend title II of the

Public Health Service Act to include as an additional

right or privilege of commissioned officers of the

Public Health Service (and their beneficiaries) certain

leave provided under title 10, United States Code to

commissioned officers of the Army (or their

beneficiaries), S. 2398, to reauthorize the Kay Hagan

Tick Act, S. 2301, to reauthorize certain programs

regarding rural health care, S. 1727, to amend the

Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to

permit employee stock ownership plan participants to

benefit from the full amount of beneficial ownership

that can be accrued in the plan while also fully

realizing the benefits of saving for retirement in a

defined contribution plan, S. 1728, to amend the

Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to

expand the membership of the Advisory Council on

Employee Welfare and Pension Benefit Plans to include

representatives of employee ownership organizations,

and S. 2403, to amend the Employee Retirement Income

Security Act of 1974 to provide a clear definition of

adequate consideration for certain closely held stock.