I do indeed think that the Belfast economic corridor is a really good thing.
We support it, and I look forward to seeing it develop and succeed.
Agriculture is really important to the economy of Northern Ireland.
In Scotland, we breed excellent bulls, but it is very hard to sell them and get them into Northern Ireland because of the regulations and red tape, and vice versa for Irish bulls coming to Scotland.
Will the Secretary of State see if we can make it easier for farmers on both sides?
I will look into the matter that the hon.
Gentleman raises and I will come back to him.
This week, the Prime Minister has spoken of the unbridled economic opportunities from developing artificial intelligence.
It is not an unbridled opportunity for Northern Ireland, because instead of living under British regulations on AI, we live under much more restrictive EU regulations.
When will the Secretary of State move to release Northern Ireland from the restrictions, under the EU, of foreign jurisdiction?
The substantive provisions of the EU AI Act do not currently apply in Northern Ireland, and they would apply only following agreement by the withdrawal agreement joint committee.
Any decision would be subject to the democratic safeguard mechanisms in schedule 6B to the Northern Ireland Act 1998.
In his Union connectivity review, Lord Hendy, now a Minister in the Government, identified that upgrading the A75 would have significant economic benefits, not just for Northern Ireland but for the whole of the United Kingdom.
There was another fatal accident on that road in my constituency last week.
Will the Secretary of State join the Secretary of State for Scotland in putting pressure on the Scottish Government to finally move on upgrading that vital economic route?
It is indeed a vital economic route, and like the hon.
Member, I look forward to seeing it improve, not least in the interests of safety, as quickly as possible.
What steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to prevent disruption to the supply of goods to Northern Ireland from Great Britain since the introduction of the EU general product safety regulations.
The updated EU general product safety regulations largely formalise how businesses already operate in the UK, and the majority of businesses have adapted to continue trading within the UK and with the EU.
In December, the Government published guidance for businesses on the application of the regulations in Northern Ireland.
The Secretary of State has this week met ministerial colleagues, and will keep this under review.
As a result of those EU regulations, thousands of consumers in Northern Ireland are denied goods from Great Britain, and rather than adapt, businesses in GB have simply abandoned the Northern Ireland market.
At the same time, this week, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has banned the import of meat from Germany, where there has been a foot and mouth disease outbreak, but has not extended that ban to Northern Ireland because of the Northern Ireland protocol.
While the EU protects its market, the UK appears to have abandoned the internal market of its own country.
What will the Minister do to redress that?
The Government are absolutely committed to ensuring a smooth flow of goods across the UK internal market.
We understand that many companies have adapted easily to GPSR, while for some it is more difficult.
The Secretary of State has met the Minister for business this week to discuss further guidance and assurance, and will continue to have such discussions.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of proposed increases in employers’ national insurance contributions on job creation in Northern Ireland.
There are many pressures on businesses that we are constantly assessing and talking to businesses about.
The hon.
Member is right to raise the subject of job creation in Northern Ireland; it is a priority for this Government.
We are supporting businesses in many ways, including through Invest Northern Ireland’s fund for small businesses, and by directly supporting jobseekers through our funding for employment support schemes.