(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the Government’s emergency contingency response to the recent confirmation of foot and mouth disease in Germany?
The whole House will be aware of the concern across rural communities about the potential threat of foot and mouth disease.
It is a severe, highly contagious viral disease of livestock that can have a significant economic impact, and a truly devastating effect on farming and rural communities when outbreaks occur, as we know from history.
I assure the House that the UK is currently free of foot and mouth disease, and has been since 2007.
But following confirmation on  10 January , foot and mouth disease in the German state of Brandenburg, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has taken rapid action to protect the UK, including suspending the commercial import of susceptible animals from Germany and restricting personal imports of animal products from across the European Union.
I assure the House that the Government will do whatever it takes to protect our nation’s farmers from the risk posed by foot and mouth.
We have increased risk levels in the UK to medium.
Last night, the chief veterinary officer and I spoke directly with the German Federal Minister and his officials.
The Government have taken decisive and immediate action.
The import of cattle, pigs and sheep from Germany has been stopped to protect farmers and their livelihoods.
We will not hesitate to add additional countries to the list if the disease spreads.
I can inform the House that this morning the chief veterinary officer has confirmed that while Germany’s surveillance continues to be ongoing, it has not as yet detected any further cases.
Foot and mouth disease guidance is available on gov.uk and livestock farmers are urged to be extra-vigilant and report any suspect disease to the Animal and Plant Health Agency immediately.
The UK chief veterinary officer is also urging livestock keepers to remain vigilant to the clinical signs of FMD.
I reiterate that there are no cases in the UK currently.
I also reassure the House that FMD poses no risk to human or food safety but it is a highly contagious viral disease in cattle, sheep, pigs and other cloven-hoofed animals.
Livestock keepers should therefore be absolutely rigorous about their biosecurity.
The Government are absolutely focused on responding to the animal disease threats we face, protecting animal health and welfare.
Upholding high biosecurity standards is paramount for protecting and promoting food production and food safety, both animal and human, and supporting our economy and trade.
That is why we have invested a further £200 million in the UK’s main research laboratory testing facilities at Weybridge to bolster protection against animal disease.
While we stand ready to protect our livestock from the threat of foot and mouth and other exotic diseases, we also offer our support to our European neighbours  as they face this threat to their livestock, farming and rural communities.
I can assure the House that the Government will be decisive and take the necessary action to protect our farmers from foot and mouth disease.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I declare a strong personal and professional interest.
As a veterinary surgeon I supervised some of the animal culls in the 2001 outbreak, witnessing sights I never want to see again.
The confirmation on  10 January  of foot and mouth disease in Germany, with subsequent slaughter and movement restrictions, is sending shockwaves around Europe and the UK.
We have requested this urgent question as no statement was provided to the House on Monday or Tuesday.
The shadow DEFRA Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , is unable to be with us today as she is at the LAMMA show in Birmingham speaking to agricultural manufacturers and farmers.
In 2001, the foot and mouth outbreak resulted in more than 6 million animals being culled and cost £12.8 billion in today’s prices.
It devastated the farming community, and farmers want reassurance that action is been taken to protect our borders, their livestock and their livelihoods.
The mental health impacts of foot and mouth cannot be overstated.
Can the Minister reassure us that the announced movement restrictions are fully in place for animals and products coming to the UK from the affected area?
Will the Government think about extending the ban to personal imports of meat and milk products unless accompanied by veterinary documentation?
Can the Minister update us on the work tracing possible movements of products from Germany?
What advice is there about movements of people and vehicles from the area in terms of fomite transmission of the virus?
And, heaven forbid, if foot and mouth ever enters the United Kingdom, what is the situation regarding vaccine supply and potential deployment?
Finally, I pay tribute to the chief vets and the veterinary and animal officers and scientists and officials at the Animal and Plant Health Agency, who do so much to keep our country biosecure.
This foot and mouth disease wake-up call is yet more evidence that the Government must now commit to fully fund the redevelopment of the APHA HQ in Weybridge.
I urge the Government from the bottom of my heart to fully fund that redevelopment, to make sure that the burning pyres of slaughtered animals, as well as the economic and mental health devastation of foot and mouth disease, remain resolutely confined to the history books.
I fully appreciate the expertise and passion the hon.
Gentleman brings to this subject; he knows of what he speaks.
I hope I made it clear in my initial reply just how seriously the Government take these issues.
I spoke to him earlier this morning ahead of a Delegated Legislation Committee to make it clear that we would work on a cross-party basis to tackle this, should it come to our shores.
I will try to address the hon.
Member’s questions, particularly those around vaccination, because that is always raised and is always of concern.
We are absolutely ready in case that is a control that we need to implement.
According to the general advice with regard to control measures, if an outbreak were to occur in the UK, vaccination is a control option that would be considered by DEFRA and devolved Administrations at the outset, in addition to culling and immediate movement controls.
I can assure the shadow Minister that the UK vaccine bank holds vaccines for a range of foot and mouth disease serotypes.
I can also assure him that there is good, close working with the devolved Administrations on this matter and that we are working in harmony.
On the movement of personally carried goods, I remind the shadow Minister that this Government strengthened those controls at the borders.
I am confident that we are doing everything possible at the moment to ensure that we are following the right procedures, given the risk assessments that have been carried out.
Our sincere hope is obviously that this does not extend beyond the Brandenburg area, but we are absolutely ready to deal with those issues.
On the investment at Weybridge, as I have said, we have committed an initial £200 million.
This is a debate we have been having for some time, and I am afraid that we are working with the resources we have now.
However, I am confident that we have a very good set of procedures in place to tackle any potential incursion.