Yet again, we rely on the fantastic people at the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which is based in New Haw in my constituency, despite its slightly confusing name.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the people who work there, and does he agree that it urgently needs investment to improve the facilities?
I do not think he has visited the APHA.
Will he join me on a tour as soon as we can arrange it to see for himself the state it is in and what improvements are urgently needed?
I am always grateful for invitations from hon.
Members and feel that I am permanently on tour, but the hon.
Gentleman is right that I have not yet had the opportunity to visit, although the Secretary of State has.
Last week, when I was at a conference in York, very senior officials from the APHA gave me a very detailed briefing on the work they do.
I share in the thanks to those people who play a huge role in keeping our country safe.
As a child, I distinctly remember the creeping fear on my family’s farms as foot and mouth moved ever closer.
I realised that even as a child, and I feel sick just thinking that we could ever go back there.
Many farmers in my constituency have repeatedly raised their concerns over infectious diseases entering the UK.
Please can the Minister assure me, and them, that we are doing everything to take this very seriously, and that we have contingency plans in place?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for reflecting on the awful experiences of 20 years ago.
I assure her that we have excellent people, to whom I have just referred, who are working extremely hard to minimise the risk of any further outbreak.
We are doing everything we can to prevent that from happening.
Does the Minister not agree that it is preposterous that Northern Ireland has been excluded from the UK ban on imports from Germany because of the outbreak of foot and mouth?
Does he agree that that is the tip of the iceberg in respect of the impact the Windsor framework and the protocol continue to have on our agrifood industry in Northern Ireland?
Since he thinks—and rightly so—that it is essential to protect GB farms from potentially devastating impacts, why does he believe that Northern Ireland farms are not as important?
Northern Ireland farms are just as important.
In Northern Ireland, the controls will apply to meat and live animals moving from a 3 km protection zone and a 10 km surveillance zone surrounding the affected premises in Germany.
Those products cannot be moved to Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister outline what measures are being taken to ensure that no animals infected in the outbreak in Germany end up in this country?
This is an unusual outbreak, in a sense.
It is a very small herd of 20 water buffalo.
What is unknown to the German authorities at the moment is how they got infected in the first place.
Extensive work is going on in Germany to try to understand that.
The difference from 20 years ago is that we now have much better science to be able to trace where it may have come from.
Extensive work is going on across Europe, because  it is a threat to the entire continent.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that every avenue is being explored to try to make sure that we understand how this has happened and that it goes no further.
As a farmer’s daughter, I fully remember the sickening impact of the last foot and mouth outbreaks across Somerset and Dorset, particularly on farmers’ mental health.
The culling restrictions resulted in 73% of farmers experiencing depression and anxiety following the last outbreak.
Now, almost one half of the farming community are already experiencing anxiety.
What plans do the Government have to support farmers who may be impacted by this disease or any other biosecurity risk?