The Prime Minister claims he has full confidence in the Chancellor, but the markets clearly do not.
Yesterday, the Chancellor repeated her promise to have “just one Budget per year” to provide businesses with certainty.
The talk in the City is that she cannot meet her fiscal rules, and that there will need to be an emergency Budget.
Does the Prime Minister stand by the Chancellor’s commitment that there will be only one Budget this year?
The Leader of the Opposition will be pleased to know that the Chancellor will be in place for many, many years to come.
She will outstrip them.
If we all thought that politics was about cheap points, I could criticise their Chancellors, but I do not have enough time to go through all the Chancellors they had.
We have one Budget; that is what we are committed to.
We have strong fiscal rules, and we will stick to them, unlike the Conservatives.
At a time of turmoil in the markets, the Prime Minister was distracted by the crisis around the former City Minister,  the hon.
Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq) .
What does it tell us about his judgment that yesterday he said he was saddened that his close friend had resigned?
This was an anti-corruption Minister under criminal investigation for corruption.
Muhammad Yunus, the Nobel prize winner advising Bangladesh, said that London properties gifted to the former City Minister may be the proceeds of robbery.
Will the Prime Minister offer Bangladesh the full support of our National Crime Agency in ensuring that any properties bought with stolen funds are properly investigated?
The former City Minister referred herself to the independent adviser.
He found, as the Leader of the Opposition well knows, that there was no breach of the code.
She knows that he found there was no wrongdoing, and the former Minister fully co-operated.
She referred herself a week ago on Monday; I got the report yesterday; and she resigned yesterday afternoon.
Compare that with the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , who breached the ministerial code.
The Leader of the Opposition’s predecessor but two ignored it.
It was the adviser who  then had to resign because he was not taken seriously, and the right hon.
Member is now serving the Leader of the Opposition.
What a contrast.
Thank God the British public chucked them out.