In his initial answer, the Minister talked about protecting the UK and spoke about our nation’s farmers.
He also advised farmers to consult gov.uk, which gives advice to Scottish, English and Welsh farmers but not to Northern Ireland farmers.
May I ask him why he has abandoned them, given that the last outbreak, in 2001, cost the Northern Ireland economy £24.2 million?
One small region in Germany cannot export to Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister not agree that there should be a complete ban on the import of German products to Northern Ireland as well as the rest of the United Kingdom?
We stand with farmers throughout the United Kingdom.
The circumstances are slightly different, for reasons that the hon.
Gentleman will understand, which is why we have to provide appropriate advice, but we are working in tandem and lockstep with colleagues across Europe to beat this horrible disease.
It is the critical work of the Animal and Plant Health Agency in Weybridge, which I visited recently, that will prevent foot and mouth from reaching our shores.
The £200 million for the agency that the Government have announced is welcome, but will my hon.
Friend commit himself to reviewing its funding, particularly in the event of multiple concurrent diseases?
We constantly keep under review the resources that are available to enable us to tackle all these issues.
On the basis of a number of questions today, I shall be happy to visit Weybridge at the earliest opportunity.
Unfortunately, as the Minister will know, foot and mouth disease looms large in the memories of many Shropshire farmers.
Talking of visits—this is a genuine point—I wonder whether the Minister, and indeed the Secretary of State, would consider visiting Harper Adams University in my constituency, which, as he will also know, is the top agricultural university in Europe.
I mention that because it has veterinary experts with specific expertise in this disease and others.
As we heard from the shadow Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson) , more than 6 million pigs, cattle and sheep were lost in 2001 and 2007.
The Minister mentioned biodiversity.
Can he update the House on illegal meat imports and checks at the border, and the implementation of the border target operating model?