It is good to see cross-party support for increased investment in Weybridge, which has long been needed, but my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  mentioned biosecurity, and we know that a great deal of illegally imported meat is coming through our ports.
That is a huge biosecurity risk, and an even greater risk if there is foot and mouth on the continent.
As well as investing in Weybridge and improving those facilities, can we look at how we can resource the port authorities properly to catch all this illegally imported meat?
That is an important point.
We will try to do all that we can to ensure that illegal imports are intercepted and stopped.
I am delighted to observe the outbreak of cross-party consensus on the need for more investment, and I hope there will also be an outbreak of consensus on how to fund it.
My constituency was one of the most significantly impacted by the 2001 outbreak.
Virtually every hoofed animal in Dumfriesshire was slaughtered, and the smoke from the pyre hung over the Annan valley in particular for days.
A large part of the market in livestock in my constituency comes from Longtown market, in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns) , which was a source of the previous outbreak.
Will the Minister ensure that we work closely with the Scottish Government, given that there is a significant amount of cross-border movement of animals that needs to be properly identified and regulated?
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks with passion and paints a vivid picture of that dismal period, which, sadly, I remember well.
I can give him an absolute assurance that—as he will know from his time in government—the veterinary officers work very closely together, particularly on an official level.
This is an entirely shared endeavour, and we will do everything we can to ensure that that there is the close co-operation that is needed.
I am a dairy farmer, and the devastating outbreak of foot and mouth more than 20 years ago was on my doorstep.
We were lucky, as a family farm, but sadly others within my farming community in Wales were not.
The outbreak was also a food security issue, as it was understood to have derived from food waste fed to pigs.
What lessons have the UK Government learnt from that outbreak to enable them to secure our food chains better and keep our livestock and food supplies safe?
I recognise the hurt that the hon.
Lady recollects from that dreadful time.
A great deal of work was done in the light of those events, and lessons have been learnt; for instance, technology has changed  and improved.
I will not go into all those lessons, which are probably worthy of a longer debate, but it is important for us to act on them, because we do not want a repeat of what happened in 2001.
Like many other Members, I clearly remember the events of 2001, not least because all the cattle and sheep on our family farm—my father’s farm in Berwickshire—were slaughtered.
The emotional trauma will stay with farming communities for many years to come.
I am reassured that this Government are engaging with the Scottish Government, but is the Minister also speaking to NFU Scotland and to local authorities, to ensure that they are able to support farming communities in the best way possible?
The hon.
Gentleman has spoken with passion and conviction about that dreadful time, and I fully respect that.
We were notified of the outbreak on Friday; today is Wednesday.
Of course we are ready to move to the next stage should it be necessary, but at this point the key priority must be ensuring that we keep the disease out of our country, and that is where the attention is currently focused.
In the dismal eventuality that we have to move to measures within our country, we will of course work very closely with everyone who needs to be involved.
I am sure that my farmers, like me, will be hugely grateful to know that the ban will operate with cross-party support; our farmers are more important than party politics.
Back in 2001, I was the Liberal Democrat candidate for the Totnes constituency.
The amount of communication with farmers before the outbreak was the only thing that made it easier for them to understand what was going on, because one could not go on a farm once it had started.
May I encourage the Minister to communicate with farmers as much as he can during this very difficult time?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her recollections of that time.
I reiterate that we are trying to ensure that foot and mouth disease does not arrive on our shores.
Should that happen, we will move to another phase.
We are not at that point yet, and it is important to reassure people that we have excellent measures and excellent people in place.
They are working very hard to ensure that we do not get to that point.