I confess that all of us in Westmorland and across rural Britain feel a sense of terror at this news, as we recall the devastation and horror of the 2001 outbreak.
I will never forget the looming sense of dread and threat as the disease got closer to our farms, or the dread when the disease was diagnosed and whole herds and flocks were slaughtered by those who had cared for them; nor will I forget the burning fires on the hillsides of the bodies of slaughtered animals, or the deep trauma that affected all our communities, but especially our children.
We must do everything to avoid a repeat.
Can the Minister explain why this outbreak was notified on Friday, yet DEFRA issued instructions to prevent imports from the affected areas only yesterday, when countries such as Mexico and South Korea were able to act over the weekend?
Does he now acknowledge the urgent need to invest in the APHA and the new laboratory, and undo the delay of the previous Government?
Does he accept that the failure of the previous Government—and, so far, of his Government—to sign a veterinary and phytosanitary agreement with the EU increases the risks to biosecurity and to British farmers, and will he act swiftly to put that right?
Finally, will he meet urgently the noble Lord Curry, who headed the inquiry after the 2001 outbreak, so that we are ready and have learned all the lessons of previous failures, and so that our farms, rural communities and animal welfare are protected at all costs?
Order.
This matter is very important.
My area had the first case of foot and mouth detected in that year, so I know all about it.
However, we must stick to the times that have been allocated.
I am always happy to speak to Lord Curry, who brings huge expertise and knowledge.
I will just say to the hon.
Gentleman that there was no delay—essentially, as soon as we were informed, we put the appropriate processes in place, and staff at border control points were issued instructions to hold goods at the border.
Everything was done as quickly as possible.
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s point about our relationship with the German Government.
I know the German Minister personally, and I spoke to him yesterday.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are getting every co-operation needed from the German Government.
In 2001, I lived in north Cumbria and I will never, ever forget the sight of burning livestock in my friends’ fields.
Can the Minister assure me that my farmers in Morecambe and Lunesdale, who by and large are livestock farmers, will never have to face that terrible scene again and that we will do everything we possibly can to ensure that foot and mouth does not spread to our country?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her comments and for her account of the effect the disease had on her constituents.
The purpose of my response to the question today is to give reassurance to people that we have very, very high quality officials working very, very hard to make sure we do everything we can to prevent such an outbreak happening again.