I declare an interest as a member of the Ulster Farmers Union.
Indeed, I live on a farm on the Ards peninsula, where dairy farming and sheepmen surround me, and the impact on them would be great.
For that reason, I want to ask the Minister a question.
I can well remember the piles of dead animals and the traumatised farmers, who were all concerned, as they always are, about their animals—that was over 20 years ago, in 2001.
The lessons were hard and well learned.
Three other Northern Ireland MPs have asked similar questions, and I am the fourth.
We need to clarify for farmers, my neighbours in Northern Ireland and all those who farm that there will be zero tolerance of products from Germany.
Will the Minister confirm that a full, UK-wide report, including on Northern Ireland, will come to this House before any ban is lifted?
The hon.
Gentleman speaks with passion on these issues.
I can absolutely assure him that the measures in place to protect farmers in Northern Ireland are strong and will be good enough to make sure that we can protect people properly.
Clearly, there is a slightly different set of arrangements in Northern Ireland, as he will be well aware.
We have to respect  that, but we are getting absolute and total co-operation from our German colleagues.
There will be no meat coming from affected parts of Germany to Northern Ireland.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister to make a statement on plans for local government reorganisation.
The English devolution White Paper sets out how this Government plan to deliver on our manifesto pledge to transfer power out of Westminster through devolution and to fix the foundations of local government.
This Government’s long-term vision is for simpler structures, making it clearer for residents who they should look to on local issues, with more strategic decisions to unlock growth and to deliver better services for local communities.
On  16 December 2024 , I wrote to all councils in the remaining two-tier areas and neighbouring small unitaries to set out plans for a joint programme of devolution coupled with local government reorganisation.
We acknowledge that for some areas the timing of elections affects their planning for devolution, particularly alongside reorganisation.
To help to manage these demands, we will consider requests to postpone local elections, as has been the case in previous rounds.
Where local elections are postponed, we will work with local areas to move elections to a new shadow unitary council as soon as possible.
This is a very high bar, and rightly so.
The deadline for such requests was  Friday 10 January .
Today, my Department has published a list of all county and unitary councils who have made requests, including those who want to delay elections from 2025 to 2026.
For the avoidance of doubt, this is the list of requests; it is not the final list that will be approved.
We will consider these requests carefully and postpone elections only where there is a clear commitment to delivering both reorganisation and devolution to the ambitious timetable set out.
While not all areas listed will go forward to be part of the devolution priority programme, we are grateful for the local leadership shown in submitting these requests, and a decision will be made in due course as soon as possible.
We welcome the large number of areas that have come forward seeking to join the devolution priority programme, reflecting our own ambition for greater coverage across England.
This Labour Government were elected on a manifesto to push power out of Westminster and to relight the fires of our regions, and I am delighted that local leaders across England are sharing that ambition.