A&E waiting times in Northern Ireland now exceed 12 hours in some hospitals, patients are being treated in the back of ambulances because of a lack of beds, and Dr Alan Stout, the chair of the British Medical Association’s Northern Ireland council, has told the Northern Ireland Committee today that Northern Ireland is in a particularly bad place when it comes to health services.
What conversations have the Secretary of State and Minister had with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that they have the resources that they need to cope with this immediate crisis?
Are Ministers convinced that the 124% fiscal floor is adequate for addressing this issue in the long term?
I have met the Minister for Health, and I have been round and visited many of the healthcare provision services, all of which are feeling pressures at this time as a result of successive Executives not tackling reform and being absent along the way.
That is why we set up the Public Service Transformation Board.
The Executive face huge challenges, and this Government’s priority is to work with them.
The funding is there, the Executive are committed, and they need to work together to deliver change urgently.
What progress his Department has made on reforming the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery.
What discussions he has had with stakeholder groups on Northern Ireland's legacy.
As I set out on  4 December , the Government have now begun the process of repealing and replacing the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 through a proposed remedial order, and we will bring forward primary legislation, including to reform the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery.
In preparing for that, I will continue to talk to all interested parties.
Nobel laureate Seamus Heaney described Sean Brown as a man of “goodwill and integrity” who represented something better than we have grown used to.
We meet the day before his family are forced back to court, and in the week of the anniversary of the Kingsmill massacre; the sole survivor, brave Alan Black, is waiting for a long-overdue ombudsman report.
Those two incidents were among the most nakedly sectarian in a squalid conflict, but decades on, those in and out of uniform who created victims—rather than the victims themselves, who have lived with the consequences for decades—are still driving the process.
Will the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that his forthcoming proposals, which I know he is working on intensively, remove the NIO veto under the guise of national security?
Will he commit to root-and-branch reform of ICRIR and to  exposing collusive behaviour, and will he hold to the standards agreed by all parties in both Governments at Stormont House?
I have met both the Brown family and Alan Black, the sole survivor of the Kingsmill massacre.
The trauma they have been through is hard for anyone else to appreciate.
We all look forward to the publication of the ombudsman’s report on the Kingsmill massacre.
I want to see a full investigation into the murder of Sean Brown, but there is an appeal on wider matters and I cannot comment further.
I am committed to fundamental reform of the independent commission.
My first full-time job in the early 2000s was setting up and running a peacemaking programme for young people in Northern Ireland, so I am pleased that the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery was salvaged from the remains of the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
However, I am concerned that in the discussions around legacy the goal of cross-community reconciliation is being treated as secondary to information recovery for individuals, important as that is.
How will my right hon.
Friend ensure that ICRIR works with key stakeholders to foster cross-community reconciliation in Northern Ireland?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
Enabling families who have suffered for so long and who have not found answers to what happened is a fundamental part of facilitating the process of reconciliation in Northern Ireland.
The truth is that we have to work on both aspects.