I would like to return to the question that has just been raised by the former Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Skipton and Ripon (Sir Julian Smith) .
When the previous Government passed their legislation, the Labour party was in favour of the amendments made in another place that ruled out compensation to people such as Gerry Adams and others similarly detained in the 1970s.
Why have the Government now changed their position?
The courts have found those clauses to be unlawful.
The last Government passed legislation to enable terrorists to get immunity.
The last Government passed legislation to deny people in Northern Ireland the right to bring civil claims, including against terrorists.
The Conservative party has never apologised for doing both of those things.
It is about time that it did.
Let us return to the matter of Gerry Adams.
I am sorry to say that I must correct the Secretary of State.
The High Court found that those provisions of the legacy Act were unlawful, but it is well within the Secretary of State’s power to appeal that judgment.
He has dropped that appeal.
I do not wish to teach the Secretary of State to suck constitutional eggs, but he will know full well that it is also within the sovereign power of this Parliament to give legal basis to the Carltona doctrine, which has been in place since the 1940s.
Or would he rather pay compensation to Gerry Adams and people like him?
Nobody wants to see that.
The Supreme Court judgment that ruled that the interim custody orders following internment were not lawfully put in place, in which the Carltona principle was much discussed, was in 2020.
The last Government did nothing about that for three years, until they belatedly accepted an amendment in the House of Lords that has now been found to be unlawful.
It is a complex and difficult question—the last Government found it difficult—but we will continue to follow the same path to see whether it is possible to discover a legal means of dealing with the problem that the hon.
Gentleman has identified.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
The Government’s mission is to encourage growth in Northern Ireland through increased investment, job creation and higher living standards.
The Government are working closely with the Northern Ireland Executive to develop Invest 2035, the UK’s modern industrial strategy.
Northern Ireland’s economy has strong and dynamic sectors, from agrifood to aerospace, and from shipbuilding to cyber-security.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Northern Ireland has a vital part to play in the industrial strategy?
It certainly does.
My hon.
Friend alludes to a number of the great strengths of the Northern Ireland economy.
The deal with Harland and Wolff, which I mentioned earlier, is another sign of the Government’s commitment.
Of course, the Northern Ireland economy has access to both the EU and the UK markets.
Does the Secretary of State share my optimism that UK Government funding for all four of Northern Ireland’s city and growth deals, confirmed in the autumn, provides a great basis for all of Northern Ireland to generate growth and opportunity?
I certainly do, and I have been greatly impressed by the commitment of those involved in developing the growth deals to investing in boosting economic growth in their areas.
Could the Secretary of State update the House on what recent discussions he has had with the Executive about steps to increase revenue, in order to help to deliver longer-term financial sustainability and grow the economy in Northern Ireland?
I have had a number of discussions with the Executive on that subject, and I am pleased to see that the draft budget for next year contains a plan to raise further revenue to meet the £113 million requirement that was part of the budget restoration agreement.
It is really important that the Executive raise additional funds to meet the challenges of improving public services.
There are many dynamic tech and digital companies at the vanguard of the mission for economic growth in Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that these industries are critical to Northern Ireland’s economic future?
What steps are the Government taking to support these industries in growing to their full potential?
There have already been discussions with businesses in Northern Ireland about the part they can play in the industrial strategy.
Cyber-security is a really good example of the huge strength of the Northern  Ireland economy; many companies, including from the United States of America, are investing in Northern Ireland because of the skill and expertise to be found.