We are applying all the rules that we can to ensure that we exclude German products at the moment, but there is quite a complex set of supply chains within the European Union.
The key priority is live animals.
There is nothing fortuitous about bluetongue, but there have been restrictions on movements for some  time, so we are probably better protected than we might have been.
We cannot say for sure that nothing will move across the continent and come into the country, which is why it is very important that people are vigilant.
Should foot and mouth disease cross the channel, speed will be of the essence to ensure that we shut it down.
However, from talking to the chief vet and her officials and my conversations with German colleagues, I am confident that everything that can be done is being done.
I hope that reassures the hon.
Lady.
I am sure that nobody in Devon will forget the horror of 2001, when half the farms in the county were affected by foot and mouth.
Does the situation in Germany provide an impetus for the Minister to move forward with securing a veterinary deal with the European Union?
We do not need any extra impetus; the Government have committed to get a better deal.
What I can say to the hon.
Lady is that the relationship with our German colleagues is excellent at the moment, and they are giving us the full co-operation that we need.
The outbreak of foot and mouth disease in Germany is a timely reminder of the livestock diseases that threaten the UK every day.
The Minister has said that he will take every precaution available to him, so will he use this opportunity to permanently ban all personal imports of meat, and to ensure that both the public health authorities and Border Force are resourced to tackle illegal meat importation?
The hon.
Gentleman and I spoke frequently when he was in his previous role
and I was in opposition, and he knows of what he speaks.
We have strong measures in place.
We strengthened them a few months ago, and I am confident that they are at the right level at the moment.
Of course, there is always a case for further investment, and I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will support any measures that we bring forward.
Does the Minister accept that the reason why he cannot provide national protection for Northern Ireland is that this House has surrendered the right to make such regulations?
They cannot even be made in Stormont, because only a foreign Parliament is now entitled to make them.
Therefore, we in Northern Ireland do not have the same protections for our farmers and their livelihoods that are afforded elsewhere.
The ban is restricted to products coming from the affected areas in Germany.
Given that context, will we see the absurdity that we have seen in response to bluetongue, whereby cattle and livestock from mainland Europe can transit through GB to Northern Ireland and, indeed, anywhere in the island of Ireland, despite the ban?
Is that same loophole going to apply in this case?
I am grateful to the hon.
and learned Gentleman for continuing our dialogue on this issue.
I do not recognise that loophole, and I can assure him that Northern Ireland will be fully protected, because that is what we are determined to do.
Farmers in my constituency are very concerned by this news, as Powys was one of the hardest-hit regions in the 2001 outbreak and the trauma remains for the 2,000 livestock farmers affected.
Can the Minister provide us with some further details on the conversations that he has had with the Welsh Government, and will he confirm that the Welsh Government will commit to working with local authorities?