I wish Candice, her family, and her students all

the best in the years to come as she continues dedicating her life to

education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CORPORAL RICHARD DEPPEN

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Corporal (Army,

Retired) Richard Deppen on the auspicious occasion of his 100th

birthday on October 21, 2024.
Richard Deppen born on October 21, 1924, was a part of the ``Greatest

Generation'', serving honorably in the Second World War.
Corporal

Deppen served from April 1943 through the end of the war in 1945--

serving with the 182nd Ordnance Depot Company attached to the Third

Army under General Patton in the European campaign.
His sacrifice and

the others, enables our Freedom as a Nation today--and we owe them all

a debt that cannot be repaid.
After his honorable military career, Corporal Deppen graduated from

Pennsylvania State in 1950 with a Bachelor's degree in Agronomy.
Then

being called back to service, Mr. Deppen earned a position at The

Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture--which he served in for

over 30 years--retiring in 1990 as Chief of the Seed Division.
Mr.

Deppen astoundingly still maintains his independence in Mechanicsburg,

Pennsylvania and is a blessing to his family and all those that have

the privilege of sharing his company.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored, privileged, and humbled to recognize

Corporal (Army, Retired) Richard Deppen on his 100th birthday.
His

tireless, faithful, and selfless service to the Nation and our

Commonwealth sets the standard by which we all should be judged.
I wish

him continued Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
ALBERT LEON McHENRY

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Dr.

Albert Leon McHenry, who we lost at the age of 83 on September 9, 2024.
A life-long educator and academic, Dr. McHenry's contributions to

advancing engineering technology education will continue to live on

through the countless lives he positively impacted.
Albert was born in Ruston, Louisiana to Albert Augusta, a school

principal and respected community leader, and Irma Giles McHenry, a

homemaker and a devoted mother renowned for her Southern cooking and

tireless community service.
As a student, Albert excelled in academics

and extracurriculars--graduating as Class President and Salutatorian,

competing as a soloist in concert choir and playing baseball, all while

serving as mentor to his younger siblings Clyde and Hattie.
With many academic avenues closed in the segregated South, Albert

began his college education at Southern University in Baton Rouge, an

HBCU, where, after being inspired by the advent of the Space Race, he

changed his major from chemistry after one semester to Electronics

Engineering and Technology.
Albert excelled in college, serving as

chapter president of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity.
He graduated in June of

1962 and accepted a position with Boeing's Saturn Rocket Booster Branch

in New Orleans, and married the love of his life, Annette Bostick, in

December of that year.
Their marriage was blessed with two

daughters, Janet and Joan, to whom Albert was a wise and devoted

father, just as his father had been to him.
He taught in the Electronics Department at Southern University for

more than a decade before Albert and Annette decided to further their

academic credentials at Arizona State University in Tempe.
Albert

earned his M.S. in Technology in 1976 and a Ph.D. in 1980, and was

quickly offered a permanent position as Associate Professor.
The family

put down permanent roots in Mesa, where Albert would call home for the

rest of his life.
One of only a small handful of Black professors at

ASU, Dr. McHenry quickly rose through the ranks to become the

university's Dean of Technology.
Under his leadership, enrollment in

the college rose by 55 percent.