The family

put down permanent roots in Mesa, where Albert would call home for the

rest of his life.
One of only a small handful of Black professors at

ASU, Dr. McHenry quickly rose through the ranks to become the

university's Dean of Technology.
Under his leadership, enrollment in

the college rose by 55 percent.
In the mid-1990s, ASU undertook an ambitious plan to convert the

recently closed Williams Air Force Base into a new campus which would

later become ASU Polytechnic.
Dr. McHenry became one of ASU Poly's two

founding Deans, creating and directing the College of Technology and

Applied Sciences in Southeast Mesa, which continues to thrive.
He

retired in 2008, having risen to Executive Vice Provost and Vice

President.
Dr. McHenry was great at many things, but being retired

wasn't one of them, so he continued to serve the university as a part-

time Research Professor Emeritus at the Hispanic Research Center until

2022.
Dr. McHenry was just as accomplished and impactful in his community

service as he was in academia.
He was a charter member of the Gamma Mu

Boule of Phoenix, served on the Mesa United Way and Mesa Senior

Services boards, chaired the technology committee for the East Valley

Partnership.
He was named the 2003 Mesa Man of the Year and presented

the East Valley Partnership also Dwight Patterson Lifetime Achievement

Award.
His lifetime love of music let him to form the McHenry Singers,

a family gospel group that preformed at numerous community events.
Arizona owes a debt of gratitude to Dr. McHenry for his years of

service to our community.
Thank you, and Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF WES SELVIDGE

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the indomitable spirit

and extraordinary life of Wes Selvidge; a true icon whose legacy

transcends the ordinary.
Born on August 8, 1942, Wes was not just a

man; he was a force of nature, embodying the essence of California's

oldest ranching traditions.
Raised amidst the vast expanse of the Tracy Ranch in Buttonwillow,

Wes lived and breathed the farming life, etching his name alongside

pioneers.
In 1971, he co-founded the Buttonwillow Land and Cattle

Company, a testament to his enduring commitment to the land that shaped

him.
Wes's agricultural prowess, keen intellect, and unyielding desire

to learn elevated him to the ranks of respected growers, contributing

significantly to the diverse crops he cultivated.
Wes's influence extended far beyond the fields.
Engaging in a rich

tapestry of activities, he raced motorcycles and cars, soared the skies

on hang gliders, worked cattle with ranching comrades, and piloted

planes and helicopters with a natural finesse.
A licensed pilot since

his teenage years, Wes not only competed nationally in aerobatic

competitions but also treated countless individuals to their maiden

flights.
His love for speed wasn't confined to the air; it translated to the

ground with a passion for cars.
From a Model A hot rod built at age 14

to a collection of meticulously restored vehicles, Wes's mechanical

acumen was impressive.
Beyond these adventures, Wes was a craftsman and

a restorer.
His dedication to restoring sunken boats from the depths of

Lake Tahoe showcased not just his skills but his determination to turn

forgotten treasures into award-winning beauties.
Wes faced over 18 years of health challenges with a resilience that

mirrored his zest for life.
Throughout this journey, his steadfast

partner of 59 years, Janet, stood by his side, a testament to a love

that weathered the storms.
In Wes's passing, we celebrate a life that embraced adventure,

challenged norms, and left an indelible mark on all who were fortunate

enough to know him.
His legacy lives on in his family: his wife Janet,

daughter Andrea, son Jason, and, undoubtedly his proudest achievement,

his four grandsons--John, Clay, Owen, and Zachary.