Throughout this journey, his steadfast

partner of 59 years, Janet, stood by his side, a testament to a love

that weathered the storms.
In Wes's passing, we celebrate a life that embraced adventure,

challenged norms, and left an indelible mark on all who were fortunate

enough to know him.
His legacy lives on in his family: his wife Janet,

daughter Andrea, son Jason, and, undoubtedly his proudest achievement,

his four grandsons--John, Clay, Owen, and Zachary.
May we draw

inspiration from Wes Selvidge's enduring spirit and the richness of a

life well-lived.
I extend my deepest condolences to his family,

friends, and all who mourn the loss of this remarkable Californian.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in paying

tribute to the memory of Wes Selvidge, a true Californian and

inspiration to the Central Valley.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRIS SORENSEN

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Chris

Sorensen, who passed away on Friday, March 8, 2024.
Mr. Sorensen was an

artist in Fresno who founded the city's beloved ArtHop, bringing

artists and the community together to share and enjoy the talent and

creativity that Fresno's residents have to offer.
Mr. Sorensen was born on June 30, 1925, in Fresno, CA.
He grew up in

Mendota, CA before moving to Fresno where he graduated from Fresno High

School in 1944.
After graduating, he served our country and joined the

U.S. Navy during World War II.
When he came back home, he worked at his

family's machine works business in Mendota until he moved back to

Fresno and started WECO, a welding supply business.
Art was not Mr. Sorensen's initial career.
Prior to his legacy as an

artist, he had been a draftsman, inventor, a partner in farm equipment

and manufacturing, and a welder.
His interest and career in art started

because of his son, John, who took an art class at McLane High School

and asked him for help with welding.
After that, Mr. Sorensen took art

classes as well--kickstarting his legendary career as one of Fresno's

most revered artists.
Sorensen's impact extended beyond his beautiful sculptures when he

began the Chris Sorensen Studio in the early 1990s.
This studio brought

artists in Fresno together to work on their art, providing the original

home for Fresno's ArtHop.
Now, ArtHop is spread out through multiple

locations in the city and is held on the first and third Thursday of

every month, providing a space for the community to come together to

appreciate and enjoy the work of our local artists.
Sorensen's gallery

and art studio has been proclaimed the ``The Heart of Art in Fresno,''

bringing together artists for more than 30 years.
His specialty in welding landed him the nickname of ``Man of Steel,''

as he became known for his large metal sculptures.
His impressive

sculptures and artistic prowess can be witnessed throughout the Valley,

including a massive heart at St. Agnes Hospital, a metal tree on Friant

Road, a life size mammoth in Madera, and a bulldog at his welding

company, WECO.
Mr. Sorensen has also demonstrated his generosity and dedication to

the arts extensively in his time.
He has organized a fundraiser for the

Mariposa Arts Council when they lost their headquarters in a fire, put

on an annual Pink Show to raise money for breast cancer research,

supported the Timberline Gallery in Oakhurst in keeping their gallery

open, among many other instances of philanthropy.
Chris was a loving husband to Mitzi Christensen and loving father to

their two children, Vicki and John.
He was also a grandfather and

great-grandfather to 7 great-grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Chris

Sorensen for his dedication and achievements in advocating for local

artists and bringing the community together.