At

North American Aviation in Kansas City, she worked to build B-25

bombers, aircraft that played a crucial role in the war effort.
Betty

and women like her stepped into roles that were then unconventional,

taking on tasks vital to our Nation's success.
For nearly two years,

she worked diligently, earning 95 cents an hour and, more importantly,

earning the gratitude of a Nation.
Her contributions enabled our

servicemen, including her own husband, Rudy Neill, to serve on the

front lines.
When Rudy returned, deeply affected by the war, Betty

stood by him, raising their three children with love and determination.
After the war, Betty continued her commitment to service.
She worked

at TWA in the accounting department, applying the same care she brought

to her wartime work.
Even after retiring over 30 years ago, she found

new ways to serve.
Since moving to Montrose, Betty has become a pillar of the community,

volunteering with organizations like Christ's Kitchen, Shepherd's Hand,

and Region 10.
At 100, she still gives her time to the Warrior Resource

Center every Monday.
Her warmth, kindness, and dedication to veterans

have made her invaluable to the Center.
As Amy Eifling, the volunteer

coordinator, put it: `She is sweet, has kind words, and is uplifting.
She makes all of us better.'
Betty's service hasn't gone unnoticed.
This year, she was named Woman

of the Year at the Women of Distinction event, reflecting the deep

respect she commands.
Her daughter, Sherry Neill, calls her a role

model and pioneer--one of those women who stepped up during a time of

need and never stopped serving.
Mr. Speaker, Betty Hayes is more than a volunteer, more than a `Rosie

the Riveter,' and more than a centenarian.
She is a shining example of

the best of America.
Her story is one of selflessness, resilience, and

unending generosity.
On behalf of this Congress, I wish Betty a very

happy 100th birthday.
We honor her for her lifetime of service and

thank her for reminding us all what it means to serve with humility,

strength, and grace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CANDICE DeANGELIS

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of New Hampshire's

2025 Teacher of the Year, Candice DeAngelis.
For 18 years, Candice has

dedicated her life to being an educator and creating a real impact on

the lives of students who come through her classroom.
She represents

all of what it means to be an amazing teacher: compassionate, friendly,

and a lifelong learner.
From the beginning of Candice's career teaching Spanish in

Londonderry and Kingston to now at Bedford High School, she has always

cared deeply about her students.
Her students are always excited to go

to her class because she makes learning a new language fun and

exciting.
She always has a smile on her face and is not only ready to

teach her students but is also ready to learn from them.
The care and dedication that Candice has for her students comes down

to an individual level.
She always makes an effort to get to know them

beyond just learning their name.
Understanding how each of her students

learn is an important step in getting them to understand a new

language.
Candice also works to create lasting memories with her

students that will stick with them long after they leave her class.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I congratulate Candice for being named New Hampshire's 2025

Teacher of the Year.
I wish Candice, her family, and her students all

the best in the years to come as she continues dedicating her life to

education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CORPORAL RICHARD DEPPEN

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.