She touched the lives of many with her kindness, warmth,

and willingness to lend a helping hand.
Sally has finally reunited with her parents Frank and Florence Caglia

and her brother Joseph Caglia.
Still, she is survived by her loving

family including her four children, Noelle Iles, John Hester, Rebecca

Darche Hester, and Andrea Olsen; her five grandchildren, India Iles,

Ella Iles, Jack Hester, Jean Baptiste Hester-Dorbe and Sophia Hester-

Dorbe; her siblings Dick Caglia, Vince Caglia, Mary Ann Caglia,

Bernadette Boyle, and Rose Caglia, and countless cousins, and nieces

and nephews.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

lifelong contributions of Sally M. Caglia to her family, and the Fresno

community.
May her story serve as an inspiration to us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JORGE RODRIGUEZ

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

extraordinary contributions of Jorge Rodriguez.
Originally from Rio

Piedras, Puerto Rico, he has called Grapevine his home since 1995.
Jorge's passion for education and unwavering commitment to his

community has made a lasting impact on the Grapevine-Colleyville

Independent School District.
For 15 years, Jorge served as an elected

member of the Grapevine-Colleyville ISD Board of Trustees, where his

leadership and vision played a pivotal role in elevating the district's

academic performance.
Under his stewardship, Grapevine-Colleyville ISD

achieved the distinguished rank of sixth in Texas for its advanced

studies program, a reflection of his dedication to fostering academic

excellence and creating opportunities for all students.
Jorge's leadership was further highlighted in 2018 when the

Grapevine-Colleyville ISD Board was awarded the Texas School Board of

the Year, an honor that speaks to his forward-thinking approach and

commitment to education.
His contributions have left an indelible mark

on the district, shaping its future and enhancing the educational

experience for countless students.
In addition to his work on the

school board, Jorge founded the Exito Hispano program in 2011, a

groundbreaking initiative aimed at empowering Hispanic parents through

educational workshops.
These workshops provide essential information

about public school programs, scholarships, universities, and academic

opportunities, helping to bridge gaps and ensure that all Hispanic

students in Grapevine-Colleyville ISD have the tools to graduate and

pursue higher education.
Jorge Rodriguez's efforts to expand educational opportunities,

empower Latino families, and promote youth development have made him a

true champion for progress, inclusion, and a brighter future for all in

Grapevine and the Hispanic community.
It is my pleasure to recognize Jorge Rodriguez for his exemplary

contributions and unwavering dedication to North Texas, as well as

congratulate him on receiving the 2024 Latino Service Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL AND ENERGY STUDY

INSTITUTE

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Environmental and Energy Study Institute (EESI) on its 40th

anniversary.
Since its inception, EESI has steadfastly worked to

provide policymakers with timely, relevant, educational resources about

environmental, clean energy, and climate topics.
Through seven

presidential administrations throughout its forty-year history, EESI

has remained dedicated to its mission and providing much needed

information to better the lives of Americans across our country.
The story of EESI begins in the 1970s when a bipartisan group of

members of Congress--led by then-Rep. Richard L. ``Dick'' Ottinger--

established the Environmental and Energy Study Conference to help

policymakers understand sustainability issues that were gaining in

importance on Capitol Hill.
By 1984, the Conference had evolved into an

independent nonprofit organization: EESI.
As climate, clean energy, and environmental challenges have become

more complicated and more urgent over the years, EESI has produced

briefings, articles, fact sheets, issue briefs, and podcasts that

clearly explain and synthesize issues for policymakers, with an

emphasis on Congressional staff, while remaining objective and

nonpartisan.