Title: CELEBRATING BUTLER MEMORIAL UNITED METHODIST CHURCH; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
155

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BUTLER MEMORIAL UNITED METHODIST CHURCH

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to celebrate a

Northeast Bronx staple, Butler Memorial United Methodist Church, a

place that has continued to be a center of community and worship for

more than 100 years.
The Butler congregation initially met at the

Williamsbridge Colored Men's Association in 1912.
The service was led

by Reverend Gilbert Wilson.
After years of community service, the Church's membership increased,

the church school had outgrown the available space, and expansion was

urgently needed to the needs of the community.
In 1961 the Church broke

ground on their current location, and in 1962 the congregation marched

to the new Church.
In November of that year, the congregation held the

cornerstone laying service in their new house of worship.
As the congregation continued to grow, so too did the services

provided by Butler.
In 1981, the Church established a scholarship

program to assist community youth, later other additional scholarships

were offered.
The church began offering Thanksgiving services, and 8

a.m. services to accommodate increased parishioners.
Butler added more

programming for community members including a weekly newsletter, bible

study classes, an additional choir, and a Nurses' unit.
In 1995, Butler began its expansion program to provide services to

individuals across the Borough.
After years of careful planning and

hard work, Butler broke ground on their new educational facility in

2012.
The groundbreaking was followed by a 12 years of dedication and

hard work to provide this service to the community.
Under the

leadership of Reverend Dr. Allen Pickney, Butler's 10th pastor, Butler

completed the final phase of their expansion project, their Butler

Memorial United Methodist Church Educational Wing.
I want to say thank you to the entire Butler community for providing

spiritual, physical, and educational support to families around the

Bronx.
I look forward to hearing about the Church's future successes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING CHIEFTAIN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the successes of

Chieftain Elementary School in Logan, Ohio, as they were recognized as

a National Blue Ribbon School for 2024.
I have had the privilege of visiting the Logan-Hocking school

district and the compassion and care the teachers, staff, and

administrators, have for their students always stands out.
They are committed not just to the academic success of their

students, but also to caring deeply about the well-being of each and

every one of their students.
They are invested in the success of their

students because they know it will result in the success of their

community.
A happy and healthy student is a student who is ready to succeed.
I

want to thank the talented teachers and staff for their dedication to

Ohio's youth and I commend Chieftain Elementary on this incredible

recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING NATIONAL BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Breast

Cancer Awareness Month and join the Lynn Sage Breast Cancer Foundation

in celebrating the unveiling of the BIG hope sculpture by Chicago

artist Matthew Hoffman.
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer present in women in

the United States.
Over the course of 2024, it is expected that about

310,720 new cases of invasive breast cancer will be diagnosed in women,

and about 42,250 women will die from breast cancer.
These numbers are

far too high.
Since 1985, the Lynn Sage Breast Cancer Foundation has led the fight

against breast cancer, raising funds for breast cancer research and

doctors in the Chicagoland area.