Over the course of 2024, it is expected that about

310,720 new cases of invasive breast cancer will be diagnosed in women,

and about 42,250 women will die from breast cancer.
These numbers are

far too high.
Since 1985, the Lynn Sage Breast Cancer Foundation has led the fight

against breast cancer, raising funds for breast cancer research and

doctors in the Chicagoland area.
This organization is named for Lynn

Sage who died at only 39 years old as a result of her breast cancer.
The Lynn Sage Breast Cancer Foundation provides funding for research

grants and fellowships.
The organization also holds the annual Lynn

Sage Breast Cancer Symposium which assembles breast cancer research

leaders from across the world.
The BIG hope sculpture is yet another

example of their dedication to raising awareness of the fight against

breast cancer.
This sculpture serves as a symbol of hope for those

impacted by the disease, and it will raise funds which will support the

Chicago Breast Cancer Research Consortium.
Mr. Speaker, please join me and all our colleagues in the House of

Representatives in recognizing the work of the Lynn Sage Breast Cancer

Foundation and congratulating them on the unveiling of this artwork.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF POLISH AMERICAN CONGRESS

HON.
THOMAS R. SUOZZI

Mr. SUOZZI.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate the 80th

Anniversary of the Polish American Congress, which was established by

over 2,600 individuals and representatives of Polish organizations in

Buffalo on May 28, 1944, just days before the Normandy Invasion.
The purpose of the Polish American Congress was to fight for a free

and sovereign Poland which had been attacked in 1939 by Nazi Germany,

the Slovak Army, and by the Soviet Union.
As a result of the Second World War, Poland lost between five and 11

million people due to the genocide committed by the occupying forces

and border changes.
After the Yalta Conference of 1945, Poland fell under communist rule

and lost 20 percent of its territory.
It was then that the Polish

American Congress was founded and committed itself to helping the

Polish nation.
The achievements of the Polish American Congress include:

1948: advocacy for legislation that allowed 140,000 Polish

displaced persons and veterans of the Polish armed forces,

who fought against Nazi Germany, to settle permanently in the

U.S.

1950: supporting the creation of Radio Free Europe as a

voice of truth for the people of Eastern Europe.
1952: pressuring the House of Representatives to

investigate the Katyn Forest Massacre.
The investigation

found that the Soviet Union was responsible for the mass

execution of Polish military officers in World War II.
1980s: support for Solidarity, a movement that eventually

contributed to the collapse of the Soviet Union, and the fall

of communism in Poland in 1989.
1999: support for Poland's admission into NATO, signed and

supported by President Bill Clinton.
2019: successful conclusion of the multi-year lobbying

effort to include Poles in the Visa Waiver Program.
2022: raising thousands of dollars for the Polish Red Cross

and Ukrainian Relief efforts to welcome over one million

Ukrainian refugees into Poland in response to Russia's war of

aggression against Ukraine.
The bond between the United States and Poland dates back to the

Revolutionary War.
Casimir Pulaski, known as the `Father of the American Cavalry', was a

leading commander in the South and died in the 1799 Battle of Savannah.
Andrew Kosciusko was a colonel in the Continental Army, a military

architect credited with the construction of fortifications at West

Point in New York, and a close friend of Thomas Jefferson who dedicated

his U.S. assets to the education and freedom of American slaves.
Millions of Poles have since emigrated to the United States.
During

the Industrial Revolution, Polish immigrants contributed enormously to

the economic flourishing of this country.