Andrew Kosciusko was a colonel in the Continental Army, a military

architect credited with the construction of fortifications at West

Point in New York, and a close friend of Thomas Jefferson who dedicated

his U.S. assets to the education and freedom of American slaves.
Millions of Poles have since emigrated to the United States.
During

the Industrial Revolution, Polish immigrants contributed enormously to

the economic flourishing of this country.
Polish values and culture,

like the love of freedom, hard work, hospitality, and pride in family

and community, are woven throughout the fabric of America.
Throughout its 80 year history, the Polish American Congress has

remained committed to its mission: A free and sovereign Poland.
I

congratulate this organization, which advocates for the nearly ten

million Americans of Polish descent.
The Polish American Congress will

meet this weekend in Chicago to celebrate its history of

accomplishments, and I wish it many more decades of success as it plans

for the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GOLD STAR SPOUSE HEALTHCARE ENHANCEMENT ACT

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the immense debt our

Nation owes to the surviving family of servicemembers killed defending

US interests and the cause of Liberty abroad.
Today, I am joined in

bipartisan fashion by Congressman Don Bacon of Nebraska in introducing

a bill that recognizes their sacrifice by expanding healthcare benefits

for Gold Star spouses.
Currently, surviving spouses retain healthcare coverage through

TRICARE in the ``active-duty family member'' category for just three

years after their servicemember passes away.
After three years, they

automatically shift to ``retired family member'' status, which forces

them to pay higher fees and out-of-pocket costs.
The debt our Nation owes to the brave men and women who make the

ultimate sacrifice while serving overseas is not a debt that can be

repaid within three years.
It is our sacred responsibility to honor

their sacrifice by caring for their surviving spouses.
It is in this spirit that Representative Bacon and I are proud to

introduce the bipartisan Gold Star Spouses Healthcare Enhancement Act.
This Act effectively removes the three-year limitation for spouses who

meet criteria for the Gold Star lapel button.
It enables them to remain

in ``active-duty family member'' status, reducing the costs and burden

on those who have already sacrificed so much for our country.
Military service requires our young men and women to risk their lives

fighting and defeating America's enemies.
They selflessly accept this

risk to secure Liberty across the globe.
I encourage each of my

colleagues to support the Gold Star Spouses Healthcare Enhancement Act

as one small way to honor the debt we as a Nation owe those who

answered the call to service and perished in defense of our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BETTY JEANNE HAYES

HON.
KAY GRANGER

Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an extraordinary

woman, a true american hero, and a beloved member of the Montrose,

Colorado, community--Betty Jeanne Hayes.
Today, Betty celebrates her

100th birthday, and I can think of no better way to mark this occasion

than by recognizing her lifelong dedication to service, during World

War II and throughout her years in our community.
Betty Hayes embodies the courage and resilience of the `Greatest

Generation.'
In the early 1940s, when our country faced one of its

darkest hours, Betty answered the call as a `Rosie the Riveter.'
At

North American Aviation in Kansas City, she worked to build B-25

bombers, aircraft that played a crucial role in the war effort.
Betty

and women like her stepped into roles that were then unconventional,

taking on tasks vital to our Nation's success.
For nearly two years,

she worked diligently, earning 95 cents an hour and, more importantly,

earning the gratitude of a Nation.