Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Ann Arbor on the 200th anniversary of its founding.
The contributions its residents have made to the State of Michigan and to the Nation over the last two centuries are worthy of commendation.
Originally the Village of Annarbour, this community was named after the wives of its two founders, who were both named Ann, and was also inspired by the large forest in the area.
Founded in 1824, historic Ann Arbor predates the establishment of the State of Michigan by thirteen years.
Ann Arbor is home to one of the most prestigious universities in the world: The University.
The University of Michigan was originally established in 1817 as Catholepistemiad Michigania in Detroit, then a fledgling capital of the Territory of Michigan, and later relocated to Ann Arbor in 1837.
Since its founding, the university has brought defining cultural, economic, and intellectual growth to greater Ann Arbor.
The students, staff, and faculty come from all 50 American states and over 100 countries globally, contributing to the worldly and diverse culture of this community.
In addition to its numerous accolades for its academic prestige, University of Michigan Athletics continues to make Ann Arbor proud.
Just this past January, the University of Michigan Football Team defeated the Washington Huskies, bringing a national championship title back to Ann Arbor for the first time since 1997.
It is not just the University of Michigan that makes Ann Arbor special.
The cultural and religious diversity of the city has been a source of strength and has also led to Ann Arbor being the site of many monumental political and civil rights activities.
From traditional denominations to more contemporary organizations, there is something for everyone in this vibrant city.
Beth Israel, one of the oldest synagogues in the state, was founded in 1916.
The city was also the home of the first meetings of the Students for a Democratic Society in 1960, a national student activist group.
That same year, President John F. Kennedy set in motion the development of the Peace Corps on the steps of the Michigan Union.
In 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson gave his ``Great Society'' speech at the University of Michigan's commencement.
In 1965, the city was the location of the first American ``teach in'' in protest of the Vietnam War.
Ann Arbor has long been known as a hotbed for technological innovation and start-ups.
The International Radio Corporation, established in Ann Arbor in 1931, was responsible for the first massproduced AC/DC radio as well as the Argus C3, one of the top-selling cameras in history.
ProQuest, founded in 1938 as University Microfilms, has been at the forefront of the preservation of documents for research purposes since their founding.
Thomas Knoll, an Ann Arbor native, created Adobe Photoshop in 1987 while completing his Ph.D. at the University.
Duo Security, a leader in two-factor internet security, was founded in 2009.
Presently, Ann Arbor is host to over 20 video game and XR studios of varying sizes and hosts monthly meetings home to many nationally and internationally recognized businesses like Domino's Pizza, one of the largest pizza brands in the world.