Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the remarkable efforts of community leaders and organizations in battling the COVID-19 pandemic, including AYUDA, Inc., Familias Triunfadoras, Dona Ana County--Health & Human Services, and Family Support Services of Amarillo, along with dedicated leaders like Nora Hernandez, Josiah Heyman, Mark Jurado, Adriana Orozco, Gina Nunez-Mchiri, and the memory of Patricia Juarez Carrillo.
The COVID-19 pandemic brought unprecedented challenges to our communities, particularly impacting vulnerable populations such as farmworkers, dairy workers, and meatpacking workers.
Recognizing the urgent need for targeted interventions, our dedicated leaders partnered with the National COVID-19 Resiliency Network (NCRN) to address the specific needs of these communities.
Our leader's collaboration with community-based organizations aimed to provide essential resources and support to migrant workers and food production workers in El Paso, Moore, TX, and Dona Ana, NM counties.
The project began with disseminating vital COVID-19 information and evolved to address emerging needs, including vaccine access, mental health support, and promoting the NCRN application.
By early February 2024, substantial progress had been achieved in providing essential COVID-19 resources to farmworkers, dairy workers, and meatpacking workers.
Crucial, targeted outreach efforts meant thousands of these workers received the COVID-19 vaccine, tests, resources, and more.
These initiatives highlight a comprehensive approach to supporting essential workers' health and well-being and our greater community.
The collaborative efforts of these organizations and leaders have been crucial in mitigating the impact of COVID-19 and promoting health equity in our communities, reflecting the spirit of compassion and solidarity.
Today, I am honored to pay tribute to all those involved in this noble endeavor.
Their selfless contributions have made a profound difference in the lives of countless individuals and families, and their legacy of service will be remembered for generations to come.