Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional achievements of Edwin Torres DeSantiago, who will soon begin his doctoral program in Public Affairs as the University of Minnesota Humphrey School's first DACA recipient.
Edwin arrived in the United States from El Salvador at eight years old.
Despite early academic success, Edwin did not believe that he could get a college education in the United States due to his status as an undocumented immigrant.
However, when the Obama Administration established the DACA program, he then had the opportunity to attend Saint John's University in Saint Joseph, Minnesota, where he excelled in academics and earned many University-wide awards.
During his college education and beyond, he has been a tireless advocate for first generation and Latine students, leading to an appointment to his alma mater's Board of Trustees in 2023.
His advocacy for our community members is not limited to students, throughout his life Edwin has championed countless progressive leaders and policies that have improved the lives of so many Minnesotans.
Admirably, Edwin recently earned his master's degree in public affairs from the Humphrey School while continuing his career and extensive community service.
Edwin will now embark on the years-long journey of earning a doctoral degree in Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota Humphrey School, where his exceptional achievements and demonstrated investment in the community earned him a full-ride scholarship.
Beyond his admission to the program and tremendous scholarship, Edwin's status as the Humphrey School's first DACA recipient to attend the program makes this achievement duly commendable.
Edwin's acceptance to the Humphrey School is a testament to his decades of hard work and leadership.
I am so proud to call him a Minnesotan and recognize that Dreamers like Edwin make our state, and our country, a better place.
I have no doubt that Edwin will be successful as a doctoral student and look forward to the continued positive change he will bring to our community.