Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Virginia Basler, a resident of Ypsilanti, Michigan and veteran of WWII, and to mourn her passing.
Her dedication to her country and local community over a long and exceptional life is worthy of commendation.
Virginia was born in Alpena, Michigan, on a family farm as the middle of three children.
During WWII, while her older brother enlisted in the Air Force, Virginia and a friend moved down to Ypsilanti to work at the Willow Run Bomber Plant.
For almost two years, she worked on the production line, drilling rivet holes for B-24 Liberator bombers.
As soon as she met the age requirement, Virginia enlisted in the Coast Guard Women's Reserves (SPARS) to serve her country in another way.
She attended Boot Camp at Sheepshead Bay, New York, where she was trained as a baker, and she was assigned to the Coast Guard Station in Washington, D.C. where she would remain for the duration of the war.
After her service was finished, Virginia came back to Ypsilanti where she again worked at the Willow Run Plant, now a Kaiser-Frazer car factory.
In the decades after, Virginia lived a full life.
She married Leonard, a WWII veteran himself, and raised a family of three children.
She continued her life of service, cooking for the Ypsilanti Public Schools and Eastern Michigan University.
Following her retirement in 1990, Virginia was active in the community, volunteering for Meals on Wheels and the local charity Thrift Shop.
She was also very active with the American Rosie the Riveter Association, attending events with other Rosies and WWII vets.
We were overjoyed to host Virginia and other Rosies in the Capitol during the Honor Flight event in 2023.
Getting to know Virginia over the years meant a lot to me.
As a Rosie, she and her colleagues were not only vital members of our Nation's efforts during the Second World War, but they opened doors and have been inspirations for the generations of women that followed.
Her wisdom and strength inspired many, including myself, to reach for achievements that in past generations would have been unthinkable.