Beyond his tenure in New York, Consul General Nitzan's illustrious

career has spanned the globe.
He notably served as the Spokesperson in

the Israeli Embassy in Egypt from 2002 to 2005, followed by his role as

Deputy Chief of Mission from 2009 to 2011.
In his subsequent role as

Minister-Counselor for Political Affairs at the Permanent Mission of

Israel to the United Nations, Consul General Nitzan represented

Israel's interests before the UN Security Council, effectively

monitoring and advancing Israeli political engagement and policies

within the UN system.
Israel Nitzan's dedication and tireless efforts have undeniably

advanced America's relationship with 1 of our closest and strongest

allies As he concludes this chapter in his career, I extend my sincere

gratitude for his invaluable contributions.
May he be commended for his

outstanding service, and may his future endeavors continue to be marked

by success and dedication to the cause of international diplomacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF TERRY STONE

HON.
PETE STAUBER

Mr. STAUBER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of my friend, Terry Stone, from International Falls, Minnesota.
Terry embodied the spirit of northern Minnesota throughout his life.
He started a radio club while attending Falls High School and later

graduated from Bemidji State University.
He was a local businessman who was actively involved in his

community, and even served as the president of the local Chamber of

Commerce.
Terry also spent time as a volunteer with the International Health

Service in Honduras where he helped provide medical and dental care to

those in need.
He even used his passion and expertise in radio to help

set up solar powered radio systems to help clinics in rural villages

communicate with each other.
Terry had a servant's heart and a passion for helping out those in

need.
He will be missed.
May Terry's legacy live on in our communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF COLONEL HARRY SEXTON

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Harry

Edman Sexton, a U.S. Marine Corp Colonel who graduated from my alma

mater, Anaheim High School, in 1950.
Born in Anaheim, Colonel Sexton passed away Feb. 15, 2023, after

living 90 years of a full life that included a distinguished military

career.
He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps 2 years after graduating from

Anaheim High and served for 26 years.
A Navy Cross awardee, our country's second-highest award for bravery,

Colonel Sexton flew more than 400 combat missions during two tours of

Vietnam.
During his first tour, he commanded the only Marine F-8

Crusader Fighter Squadron to deploy from Navy Carrier USS Oriskany.
On his second tour, he commanded a squadron of HMLA-367 ``Scarface''

Cobra Helicopters, providing air support, day or night, under all

weather conditions, to Marine ground combat units.
He received the Navy Cross for heroism during Operation Tailwind as

he and his fellow ``Scarface'' Cobra Gunships engaged the enemy to

provide cover for the extraction of a nearly overwhelmed force of U.S.

Army Special Operators out of Laos.
He was also awarded two Legion of Merits with Combat ``V'', a

Distinguished Flying Cross, 44 Air Medals/Strike Flight Awards, and was

inducted into the Golden Eagles for his distinguished career as an

aviator.
His wife of 65 years, Ann, son Harry Jr., and daughter Stacie will

remember him as a husband and father who lived for others, giving

freely of his time, skill, and love to all who were fortunate enough to

have known him.
He is also survived by 4 grandchildren; and a great

grandson.
I thank the Colonel for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GERALD W. DUNCAN

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.