I thank the Colonel for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GERALD W. DUNCAN

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Gerald W.

Duncan, who passed away on July 10, 2023, after a valiant three-plus

year fight against Alzheimer's Disease.
After receiving his undergraduate degree from Virginia Tech and a

master's in business administration from Radford University, Mr. Duncan

began his career in 1967 as a software developer with the Research,

Development, & Acquisition Information Systems Agency, Department of

the Army, where he was honored with many awards during his 35 years of

service.
He then pivoted careers, being elected as Treasurer of Giles County

in 2000.
His success as Treasurer led him to being voted Treasurer of

the Year for the State of Virginia.
Mr. Duncan loved serving the people

of Giles County and had an open-door policy during his time as

Treasurer.
When not working, Mr. Duncan loved to hunt deer, bears, and turkey

throughout the country.
He was elected president of the Virginia State

Chapter of the National Wild Turkey Federation for 3 consecutive terms,

championing conservation of the wild turkey.
But most importantly, Mr. Duncan's proudest achievement was being a

husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.
Mr. Duncan is survived by his wife, Ruth Duncan of Blacksburg; oldest

son, Troy Duncan and wife, Heather, of New Castle; youngest son, Mark

Duncan and wife, Eva, of Catawba; daughter, Margee Sisson and husband,

Dougie, of Shawsville; grandchildren, Haley Chandler of Clearfield,

Utah, Hagan Chandler and wife, Kierston, of Riner, Tanner Duncan of

Richmond, Andrew Duncan of New Castle, Elijah Duncan of Catawba, and

Summer Norwood of Shawsville; great-grandson, Myles Chandler of Riner;

and great-granddaughter, Everly Chandler of Riner.
I wish them

condolences on the loss of their loved one.
Mr. Duncan was known by his friends and family as being extremely

kind and having unwavering determination throughout his life, always

offering a helping hand to those in need.
I know he will be greatly

missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF FORMER MARYLAND STATE SENATOR NORMAN R. STONE, JR.
HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to my dear friend

former Maryland State Senator Norman R. Stone, Jr., who sadly passed

away last month at the age of 87.
I join many Marylanders and Americans

in mourning his loss and in giving thanks for his life of service.
Elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in 1962 and later to the

State Senate in 1966, Norman served in the Maryland General Assembly

for 52 years.
We became good friends and close colleagues during our

time in the State Senate together.
He had become the longest-serving

member of the Maryland General Assembly by the time of his retirement

in 2015.
Not only was the length of Norman's tenure admirable, so too

was his character.
Norman was 1 of the most steadfast, trustworthy, and honest people

I've known.
Although I did not agree with him on every issue, he never

judged me or anyone else for a difference in opinion.
He was humble and

forthright--never 1 to resort to showmanship and politicking.
You

always knew where he stood on an issue.
And you always knew that Norman

would do what he thought was right for his constituents.
He was truly

an exemplary legislator.
Norman showed devotion not only to public service but also to his

family.
My prayers are with his wife of 38 years Joanne; his children

Norman, David, Jerry, and Lori; his stepson Lennie Lehner, Jr.; his 7

grandchildren; and the rest of his family.
I like so many others

throughout our community and state, grieve with them.
I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Norman, who lived a

life worthy of emulation--a life of service, character, and conviction.