After a year, she took

the first step in what would be an impressively steep climb up the

human resources corporate ladder as a Profit-Sharing Analyst in

corporate accounting at the Continental Illinois National Bank.
At

Continental, she held several positions, rising to the rank of Sales

Director--Personal Banking Relations at the end of her 13-year stint at

the bank.
Along the way, she had two boys, Shaun and Ryan Dolan, and

instilled confidence in her late father, a Zenith Business Executive,

that her degrees would be useful in carving out a promising career in a

field he was only beginning to understand.
In 1989, Colleen made a considerable leap forward as the U.S.

Director of Human Resources for Leica Microscope, a position she held

for 10 years before transitioning into the world of commercial real

estate: first as the Vice President of Compensation & Benefits for a

year at Equity Residential before moving to Transwestern, where she

would spend the last and most fulfilling 23 years of her career.
She

embodied the company's purpose statement: empowering good people to do

extraordinary things together, Colleen started at Transwestern as Vice

President and ascended to hold the roles of Senior Vice President and

Executive Vice President before ultimately

joining the C-suite as the Chief Human Resources Officer.
Of her many achievements and affiliations, Colleen is the proud

recipient or member of the following: Transwestern Executive Committee

and Board of Directors, Human Resources Management Association of

Chicago, American Management Association (AMA), Society of Human

Resources Management (SHRM), Chicago Compensation Association (CPC),

Transwestern Founder's Award Recipient, Real Estate Forum's Women of

Influence Recipient, Notable Leader in Human Resources by Crain's

Chicago Business, and a member of Transwestern's Diversity, Equity and

Inclusion program both at the Steering Committee level and through

leadership on both the Training and Belonging committees.
I send my heartfelt congratulations to Colleen Dolan for a career

spent putting people first, bettering the lives of others, and defining

company culture based on her principles of inclusion, fairness, and

deep compassion.
I know she is looking forward to spending even more

time with her grandchildren, Parker, Hadley, and Patch, her sons Shaun

and Ryan, and their wives Ashley and Lizzie.
I am hoping Colleen enjoys

this time with her family, as she has earned it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ISRAEL NITZAN

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to extend my heartfelt

congratulations to Israel Nitzan for successfully completing his

distinguished tenure as the Acting Consul General of Israel in New

York, a role he has admirably held from 2018 to 2023.
The Office of the Consul General, or the Lishka, plays a pivotal role

in fostering strong ties between the State of Israel and influential

organizations and agencies in the New York Metro area.
Throughout his

tenure, Consul General Nitzan has been instrumental in bolstering

Israel's positive image in the media, while keeping the local community

abreast of significant developments within the Israeli community and

political landscape.
He has effectively rallied support for Israel,

inspiring both members and young leaders to take proactive and

supportive measures for the nation.
Additionally, his initiatives in

organizing missions to Israel and fostering enduring relationships with

local, state, and national elected officials have proven invaluable in

enhancing understanding and cooperation between our Nations.
Beyond his tenure in New York, Consul General Nitzan's illustrious

career has spanned the globe.
He notably served as the Spokesperson in

the Israeli Embassy in Egypt from 2002 to 2005, followed by his role as

Deputy Chief of Mission from 2009 to 2011.
In his subsequent role as

Minister-Counselor for Political Affairs at the Permanent Mission of

Israel to the United Nations, Consul General Nitzan represented

Israel's interests before the UN Security Council, effectively

monitoring and advancing Israeli political engagement and policies

within the UN system.