Title: CELEBRATING 15 YEARS OF DEUTSCHE BANK IN JACKSONVILLE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
130

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 15 YEARS OF DEUTSCHE BANK IN JACKSONVILLE

HON.
JOHN H. RUTHERFORD

Mr. RUTHERFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 15th

anniversary of Deutsche Bank in Jacksonville, Florida.
Over the past 15

years, Deutsche Bank has played an integral role in supporting our

region's thriving financial sector and community.
While Deutsche Bank's roots in America go back to 1872, their

Jacksonville office began as a small operation in 2008 consisting of

approximately 100 employees.
Since then, the Jacksonville office has

grown to become Deutsche Bank's second largest location in the

Americas, employing approximately 2,400 talented individuals and

generating significant local economic activity.
The Deutsche Bank Jacksonville office is a multi-functional site that

generates new business and provides client and bank-wide support

services with a significant presence and expertise in sales and

trading, anti-financial crime, compliance, technology, cyber security

services, client onboarding and operational support.
In the last 15

years, the office has created thousands of jobs, financed local

businesses, and supported many community causes such as public

education, the arts, combating hunger, work readiness,

entrepreneurship, and financial literacy.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize and congratulate Deutsche Bank

for 15 years of operation in Jacksonville.
On behalf of Florida's 5th

Congressional District, I wish Deutsche Bank Jacksonville and its staff

continued success in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, today, I wish to commemorate the

33rd anniversary of the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities

Act, or ADA.
This core civil rights law prohibits discrimination

against Americans with disabilities by requiring public and private

institutions to provide equal access to goods, services, and

opportunities, such as employment, public transportation, and

telecommunication.
Today, 1-in-4 U.S. adults has a disability that substantially impacts

life.
The law provides a framework to make the United States fully-

accessible to tens of millions of Americans, whether in workplaces,

housing, schools, transit, or businesses.
I applaud the successes that

the disability advocates have secured over the past decades.
We know

the passage of the ADA law was the beginning and not the end.
According

the Federal Transit Administration, 99 percent of all busses are ADA-

accessible, in contrast to just 65 percent prior to the ADA.
However,

we still have metros, trains, and planes that are not accessible.
A

2020 GAO report found that two-thirds of school districts had

facilities with barriers that could limit access for people with

disabilities.
We also know that advocates have waged and continue to

wage the legal battles to improve access to buildings and

transportation that should have occurred 33 years ago.
Although disability advocates have secured important accomplishments

over the past decades, much more is needed to achieve an equitable

society for Americans with disabilities.
Americans with disabilities

face an unemployment rate of 6.8 percent compared to 3.7 percent for

their peers without disabilities.
According to a new analysis by the

National Partnership for Women & Families: only 36 percent of

women with disabilities are employed compared to 70 percent of

nondisabled women; only 31 percent of employed women with disabilities

are economically secure; and American Indian/Alaska Native and Black

women with disabilities are the least likely to be employed.
These gaps

reveal unacceptable disparities in employment opportunities.
Furthermore, Americans with disabilities face barriers to receiving

quality health care, such as service providers with inadequate training

on how to properly treat patients with disabilities and medical

facilities that have yet to make appropriate accommodations.
Affordable

housing, businesses, airplanes, bathrooms, and playgrounds still are

not uniformly accessible.
This restricted access reduces quality of

life and presents obstacles that none of us should tolerate.