My prayers are with his wife of 38 years Joanne; his children

Norman, David, Jerry, and Lori; his stepson Lennie Lehner, Jr.; his 7

grandchildren; and the rest of his family.
I like so many others

throughout our community and state, grieve with them.
I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Norman, who lived a

life worthy of emulation--a life of service, character, and conviction.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, on July 26, 2023, I was absent from the House

floor and missed Roll Call vote No.
369.
Had I been present, I would

have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
369, H.R. 4366 (Amendment No.
1).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PHILIP BRUNELLE'S 80TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of Philip

Brunelle, world-renowned conductor, organist, and choral scholar, in

celebration of his 80th birthday.
Throughout his life and career, Mr. Brunelle has promoted the choral

arts in all its forms.
At age 19, he became the youngest member of the

Minnesota Orchestra, and by age 25, he was appointed choirmaster of the

Plymouth Congregational Church in Minneapolis, MN, a position that he

still holds today.
In 1969 Mr. Brunelle founded VocalEssence, 1 of the

largest and most prestigious choral organizations in the country.
Under

his leadership, VocalEssence has commissioned more than 300 works to

date, promoting rarely heard works from the past in addition to

remarkable new music.
VocalEssence has brought great distinction to the

Twin Cities arts community, earning numerous recognition and awards

from the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, as

well as the Margaret Hillis Achievement Award for Choral Excellence, an

outstanding achievement and an unparalleled honor in the choral music

community.
Mr. Brunelle is an institution within the choral music community, and

a brilliant artist in his own right.
Mr. Brunelle has conducted

symphonies across the country, including the New York Philharmonic, the

Seattle Symphony, and the Minnesota Orchestra, and directed choral

festivals and operas around the globe.
For more than 40 years, Mr.

Brunelle served as a guest conductor and pianist on American Public

Radio's A Prairie Home Companion, appearing on its first and final

broadcasts.
In 2002, Mr. Brunelle brought choirs from around the world

to Minnesota for the International Choral Music Symposium, and in 2020,

he was awarded The American Prize in Choral Conducting and was

presented with the Honorary Member award by the Society for American

Music.
Mr. Brunelle has left an indelible mark on the world of choral music

globally and at home in Minnesota He has spent his life working

enthusiastically to foster new talent and to expose new audiences to

choral and orchestral music of every genre and style We are so

fortunate to benefit from his boundless talent, and happily, he shows

no signs of stopping.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to honor Mr. Brunelle today and

celebrate him on his 80th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 99TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE REPUBLIC OF

TURKIYE

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Turkish American Cultural

Association of Michigan, it is my honor to recognize the 99th

anniversary of the founding of the Republic of Turkiye.
For nearly a

century, Turkiye and the Turkish people have served as a beacon of

cooperation, democratic ideals, and good citizenship.