Furthermore, Americans with disabilities face barriers to receiving

quality health care, such as service providers with inadequate training

on how to properly treat patients with disabilities and medical

facilities that have yet to make appropriate accommodations.
Affordable

housing, businesses, airplanes, bathrooms, and playgrounds still are

not uniformly accessible.
This restricted access reduces quality of

life and presents obstacles that none of us should tolerate.
I am proud that I helped improve health care for those with

disabilities during my tenure in Congress, including provisions in the

Affordable Care Act that I championed to encourage community-based

services for individuals with disabilities.
We must continue to work to

make choice for receiving care in one's community mandatory, not just

optional.
People should have the freedom to choose where they live and

receive care.
I am proud that I also have helped strengthen Medicare,

Medicaid, and ACA marketplace health insurance to improve healthcare

for Americans, including people with disabilities.
For example, a

recent study by researchers at the U.S. Department of Health and Human

Services (Creedon, Zuvekas, Hill, Ali, McClellan, & Day, December 2022,

Health Services Review, Volume 57, Issue S2) found that adults with

disabilities who were newly-eligible for Medicaid experienced

significant increases in health coverage, receipt of primary care

services, and lower out-of-pocket costs from the federal expansion of

Medicaid via the Affordable Care Act.
Further, the Inflation Reduction

Act expanded premium tax credits and reduced drug prices to further

lower healthcare costs.
I am proud that so many organizations and advocates in Illinois

actively fight to protect Americans with disabilities.
For example,

Access Living is a Chicago-based, advocacy nonprofit that has worked

for over 4 decades to increase accessibility to transportation,

housing, and education.
The Legal Council for Health Justice uses legal

services to dismantle barriers to healthcare and to help individuals

access services and benefits.
Equip for Equality serves as a federally-

mandated legal advocate and watchdog.
The Arc of Illinois advocates for

people with disabilities to so that Illinoisans can fully participate

in their communities, providing education and advocacy services.
Chicago ADAPT promotes disability and civil rights, be in through

housing accessibility, workforce accessibility and equity, or promoting

community-based care.
And, the City of Chicago's HomeMod program

removes barriers to housing by working with home remodeling companies

to provide home accessibility modifications.
Every American deserves equal opportunity.
The Americans with

Disabilities Act stands as testament to the determination and

unrelenting will of thousands of activists, advocates, and

policymakers.
As we celebrate its anniversary, I renew my commitment to

fight to realize the fundamental right of every American to an

accessible America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COLLEEN DOLAN

HON.
JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

Ms. SCHAKOWSKY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent

Colleen Dolan, from Chicago, for a successful career and to

congratulate her on her much-deserved retirement.
Graduating from Lewis University with a degree in sociology and

psychology, Colleen Dolan entered the workforce in 1975 as a bank

teller at the First National Bank of Winnetka.
After a year, she took

the first step in what would be an impressively steep climb up the

human resources corporate ladder as a Profit-Sharing Analyst in

corporate accounting at the Continental Illinois National Bank.
At

Continental, she held several positions, rising to the rank of Sales

Director--Personal Banking Relations at the end of her 13-year stint at

the bank.
Along the way, she had two boys, Shaun and Ryan Dolan, and

instilled confidence in her late father, a Zenith Business Executive,

that her degrees would be useful in carving out a promising career in a

field he was only beginning to understand.