JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Turkish American Cultural

Association of Michigan, it is my honor to recognize the 99th

anniversary of the founding of the Republic of Turkiye.
For nearly a

century, Turkiye and the Turkish people have served as a beacon of

cooperation, democratic ideals, and good citizenship.
Over the course of my career, I have had the opportunity to travel to

Turkey, meet with Turkish leaders, and get to know the Turkish-American

community in Michigan Turkish Republic Day is an annual milestone and

has been celebrated with great pride and joy since the republic's

founding on October 29th, 1923, by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk By replacing

an aging empire with a vibrant democratic republic, Turkiye facilitated

its own modernization and established itself on the National stage,

including by being an important member of NATO for 70 years.
Today,

Turkiye remains a vital ally--from our work together against terrorist

organizations, to countering international adversaries like Russia

In Michigan, the Turkish diaspora community and those of Turkish

descent have had a lasting impact on our state's culture, economic

development, and education system, and have personified Michigan's

ideal citizen This especially includes the Turkish-American Cultural

Association of Michigan, which has worked to promote Turkish culture

and support programs benefitting the welfare of citizens throughout the

state.
The impact of their work on the people and communities of

Michigan cannot be understated

Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Turkish Republic Day and the

99th anniversary of the founding of the Republic of Turkiye.
I join

with my constituents in celebration with the Turkish people, and wish

them the best as they venture into the future

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WISCONSIN SUPREME COURT JUSTICE PATIENCE ROGGENSACK

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Wisconsin

Supreme Court Justice Patience Roggensack's 20 years of service on the

Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Justice Roggensack's legal legacy will be long remembered.
She helped

to guide the court throughout her tenure during some of its most

important times.
She has mentored countless attorneys and judges and

will continue to serve as an important role model for the next

generation of judges.
She will always serve as their fiercest advocate.
Justice Roggensack led a historic career.
Before serving on the

Supreme Court, Justice Roggensack served on the Wisconsin Court of

Appeals for 7 years.
She was elected to the Supreme Court in 2003.
I

had the great honor of working for Justice Roggensack shortly after law

school and saw her dedication to the law, her diligent work ethic, and

her compassion for serving Wisconsin.
Everyone who has worked with

Justice Roggensack, including myself, has benefited from her

mentorship.
12 years after her election to the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Justice

Roggensack became the first Justice to be elected by her colleagues in

the court to the position of Chief Justice.
She held the position of

Chief Justice for 6 years until relinquishing it in 2021.
Justice

Roggensack's incredible service, dedication, and outstanding

accomplishments will be long remembered after her July 31, 2023

retirement.
I congratulate Justice Patience Roggensack on her retirement and 20

years of service to Wisconsin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING RESEARCH FUNDING FOR EPITHELIOID HEMANGIOENDOTHELIOMA AND

OTHER RARE CANCERS

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the urgent need

for research funding for epithelioid hemangioendothelioma (EHE).
EHE is

a rare and devastating cancer that can affect anyone of any age and

that grows in the cells that make up our blood vessels, often appearing

in the liver, lungs, and bones.
This disease is very rare, affecting

one in one million people, and is also exceedingly difficult to

diagnose.
According to the National Cancer Institute, patients suffering from

EHE often live with severe pain, broken bones, disability, and

respiratory infections.