The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked— Whether he has held recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the publication of the resignation honours lists of the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk and the former right hon.
Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip on public trust in (a) politicians and (b) political institutions.
It is a long-standing convention, under successive Governments, that outgoing Prime Ministers can draw up a resignation honours list.
Any names proposed are subject to the usual propriety checks.
Trust in politics has never been lower, and this has been worsened by the grubby reality that the former right hon.
Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip handed out peerages to his pals and covid partygoers.
The other former Prime Minister was the shortest-serving Prime Minister in history but still managed to crash the economy, and she will also enjoy the  privilege of ennobling pals and cronies.
Do the Cabinet Office, the Prime Minister and the Cabinet feel this is inappropriate in any way?
Does the Minister think such a spectacle will help to restore trust in politics?
We discussed this at length on  22 June , when it was said that if the hon.
Lady were to look at the resignation honours list of the former right hon.
Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip, she will see many people who conducted a great deal of public service and deserved to have that service recognised.
We have not yet seen the list of  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , but it is worth remembering that people who are honoured in our system have often contributed greatly to our country.
Before we proceed, the House may wish to join me in wishing the Minister a happy birthday.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
What nicer way to spend one’s 28th birthday?
Alas, I am not 28.
Whether he has held recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on co-operation with international partners on responding to the potential challenges of the use of artificial intelligence.
The Government know the importance of collaborating internationally on the challenge and opportunities of AI.
That is why, in the autumn, the Prime Minister will convene the first major AI summit, which will bring together major international partners and leaders in the technology to discuss the issues that confront society.
It is great to hear that the international community will be coming to Bletchley Park in November to discuss the principles and core values when dealing with AI.
Given that AI is moving so quickly, with the likes of ChatGPT already impacting things like the work of school kids, what more can the Government do to make sure each Department is taking full account of the impact of AI?
My hon.
Friend asks a pertinent question.
The Cabinet Office, which is home to the Government Digital Service and the Central Digital and Data Office, takes a lead role, along with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, in co-ordinating work within Government so that we can take advantage of the extraordinary opportunities AI presents and guard ourselves against potential disadvantages.
It is nice to see you in the Chair first thing in the morning, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank the Minister for his response.
Constituents all around this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland rely on employment to make ends meet and survive.
Has he had discussions with international partners as to how AI will impact on people’s livelihoods and jobs?
That is so important.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an excellent point, as one potential risk of AI is that it displaces employment.
However, across Government we are looking at the risks and opportunities.
We see a future in which humans working with AI create all sorts of great new opportunities for our economy and for individuals.
It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Let me also say happy birthday to the Minister.
He has just told the House that the Cabinet Office is responsible for the Government Digital Service—quite rightly.
The Government could be making better use of AI to improve government services.
For example, we are losing £8 billion a year to benefit fraud and error.
Under this Government, we have lost £60 billion to that since 2010—that is £150 a second.
Are they going to use AI to deal with benefit fraud and error, or should we assume that this is another example of how nothing works after 13 years?