The Leader of the House will be alarmed to learn that the police have confirmed that last year there were 15 attacks on war memorials in Northern Ireland—atrocious, despicable attacks, where poppies were ripped off, plaques removed and there was criminal damage.
Last year there were five arrests for those terrible events and some of those cases are ongoing.
Does the Leader of the House think it would be appropriate to have a debate on this issue, or is there a better way of raising awareness so that the public can express their concern and outrage at those attacks?
I am extremely sorry to hear that.
I know that for many local communities who tend those memorials that will be a hugely upsetting thing to have happened.
It is incredibly important that those memorials are protected.
If the hon.
Gentleman were to apply for a debate, I think it would be extremely well attended.
I will make sure that the Secretaries of State for Northern Ireland and for Defence have heard his concerns.
Last weekend, I was thrilled to attend Southend City Jam, an international festival of street art.
It is the largest in Europe and displayed 240 artists from around the world, including Brian Lewis, known as JEKS, from North Carolina, who is in the Public Gallery, along with his girlfriend, Melissa.
Given the festival brought in over 200,000  visitors to the new city of Southend, can we have a debate on the role of street art as part of our rich cultural heritage?
It sounds like an absolutely wonderful event.
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing it, as well as our visitors, to the House’s attention.
She will know that almost £5 million in Arts Council England funding has been awarded to 162 organisations involved in street art or graffiti art, which is an important part of our culture.
She may also wish to give the subject another airing at the next Culture, Media and Sport questions, the date of which is to be confirmed.
Section 71 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 requires that by April 2023 the Government lay before Parliament a report on spiking.
That deadline has long passed and the Government are now facing threats of legal action for failing to meet their statutory duty.
The longer the Government dither and delay, the more vulnerable people are put at risk.
Can the Leader of the House confirm the precise date that she expects the report to be laid before Parliament?