The hon.
Lady began by expressing concern on behalf of her constituents.
She was right to raise that.
I invite her and her constituents to consider the remarks of the Metropolitan police that the prisoner is believed to be a low risk to the community.
It is important to stress that in the House.
It is an overriding and overwhelming priority for me to increase staff numbers, and I am pleased that they are increasing.
Of course, I want them to go up further, but it is positive to note that, since  30 June , there has been an increase of more than 700 full-time equivalent band 3 to band 5 staff—wing officers up to custody managers.
I accept that we have further to go.
However, it is also encouraging that the resignation rate is coming down.
I do not suggest for a second that the work is completed—it is not, and it is perfectly fair for the hon.
Lady to raise those points—but we are moving in the right direction.
On the third point, the preliminary indications, subject to the investigations that I have ordered, are that the security posts were manned in Wandsworth at the time of the incident.
We now need to know, given that they were manned, what went wrong.
I can think of nothing nicer than being woken up by the hon.
Gentleman.
I can reassure him that we do encourage our colleagues in other Departments to go further on this.
We have a range of carbon offsetting programmes in place and, as I say, our location strategy means that we try to locate people near public transport hubs.
This is the very essence of a green transport strategy.
The Public Authorities (Accountability) Bill—the Hillsborough law—would require public authorities to admit responsibility following adverse and mass casualty incidents.
Some 97 people died as a  result of Hillsborough, and a scandalous cover-up went on for decades.
Would the hon.
Gentleman agree with me, my constituents in the Gallery and other constituents in the Gallery, that it is time to end the cover-up and to establish how many people have died prematurely as a result of Primodos?
The Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker (Order,  5 September , and  Standing Order No. 3 ).
I wish to inform the House that Mr Speaker has received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Rhondda (Sir Chris Bryant) , giving notice of his resignation as Chair of the Committee on Standards.
The Chair is now vacant.
The election for a new Chair will take place to the same timetable as that for the Chairs of the Business and Trade Committee and the Petitions Committee, which Mr Speaker announced yesterday.
Nominations will close at noon on  Tuesday 17 October .
Nomination forms will be available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members from the Labour party may be candidates in this election.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 18 October , between 11 am and 2.30 pm, in the Aye Division Lobby.
A briefing note with more information will be made available in the Vote Office.