I am delighted to take up this important role, and I put on record my thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire) , who was a great shadow Leader of the House.
I also thank some of her predecessors, too, for their advice.
All of them said that this job is vital for upholding truth and democracy and for ensuring that the Government are held to account by His Majesty’s loyal Opposition.
I fear that this is now needed more than ever.
After 13 years of this Government, our politics has increasingly been dragged into disrepute by cronyism, scandals and, as I am afraid always happens with a Tory Government, sleaze.
I am sorry to say that this House, our sacred seat of democracy, has become an afterthought to a press release, a place for Ministers to avoid at all costs if they can—disrespected and disregarded by disinterested Ministers.
In this place, where Ministers used to regard it as their duty to be candid, we have seen rule breaking, evasiveness and spin, despite Mr Speaker’s valiant and often successful efforts to the contrary.
Ministers do not seem to know what their power is for anymore, with “a zombie Parliament where nothing meaningful has happened...
the Government is adrift.”
That is not my verdict, but that of the former Member for Mid Bedfordshire.
The writs were moved this week for two more by-elections.
Adding to the slew of others, they speak volumes about this rotten Government.
Today we hear that the people of Tamworth can finally get an MP they can be proud of.
Sometimes these sessions are an occasion for levity—let’s be honest, there is plenty of material.
Just this week, we had the Education Secretary’s hot mic interviews.
But quite frankly, it is just not funny anymore; it is tragic.
It is tragic to see this country’s reputation and potential trashed by a Tory Government that have lingered too long.
The debates and statements this week have brought no real answers about fixing crumbling schools after a decade of under-investment.
Parliament and parents need answers, so can the Leader of the House provide them?
Will she lay before Parliament the advice given to the Prime Minister before the spending reviews that cut funding to school rebuilding?
Can she tell us exactly when the “new evidence” of the imminent danger was given to Ministers?
Will she guarantee that the list of schools published yesterday is correct, and pledge that Ministers will come to Parliament to update it?
Will she confirm that 19 of the schools affected had building projects cancelled in 2010?
Will she lay before Parliament a full list of all public buildings affected by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete?
May I advise the Leader of the House not to repeat the nonsense we heard during Prime Minister’s questions yesterday?
Indeed, will she first correct the record of the Prime Minister’s claims?
The Leader of the Opposition has raised school building safety many times, including through Opposition day motions, which the Leader of the House voted against.
Labour’s programme, which was aimed at secondary schools, was the biggest capital investment in schools for a generation, and her Government scrapped it immediately on taking office.
Before criticising it again today, she might want to be reminded of the fact that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has since said that scrapping it was his “biggest mistake”.
Finally, we have had no mention of this week’s anniversary, which Conservative Members might want to forget: it is one year since  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  became Prime Minister.
In the interests of parliamentary accountability, it is an important event to debate, as her six-week tenure left a crippling legacy for mortgage holders, with millions now paying hundreds of pounds a month more, thanks to her reckless decisions, all of which the Leader of the House defended and supported.
At the time, the Leader of the House said that the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk had a “bold economic plan”.
Will she now apologise for putting her in office and for the price the rest of us are paying for her kamikaze Budget?
Will she bring forward legislation to stop the House being brought further into disrepute by the former Prime Minister’s elevating her cronies to the House of Lords?
We have had no contrition.
It is the Leader of the House’s job to uphold the integrity of this place and its Members, including former Prime Ministers, in the eyes of the public.
How will she ensure that Parliament can do this?
First, I add my voice to the many who have paid tribute to the Lionesses for their incredible achievements.
We are all so proud of them, not just for the brilliant football they played, but for their conduct and the solidarity they have shown with the Spanish team.
I do wish to commemorate an important anniversary, but a different one from the one that  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  mentioned.
Many right hon.
and hon.
Members will be thinking of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on the anniversary of her death, which is this week, and I anticipate many tributes to her service, strength and devotion to duty in the coming days.
I also pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire)  for her service to this House.
I very much enjoyed working with her.
I welcome the hon.
Member for Manchester Central and her team to this place.
I hope I can say congratulations to her, but I understand if commiserations are in order.
The clock has struck midnight and she has had to leave the glittering ball that is the culture, media and sport brief.
Gone are the growling engines of Silverstone, the champagne flutes of the Royal Opera House and the peeled grapes of BBC hospitality.
Ascot’s horses have turned into House of Commons mice, and she is in the scullery with me for company.
I thank her for the meeting we have already had.
For my part, I will do my best to make sure that it is productive and enjoyable, and I look forward to working with her and her team.
I must reject the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of both this Parliament and this Government.
In this Session, 34 Government Bills have achieved Royal Assent, amounting to 1,578 pages of legislation.
We have been very busy indeed, and I thank all Members of this House for their attention to that.
I also reject her characterisation of this Government.
She focuses on correcting the record, and I take what she says seriously and genuinely.
All credit to her, she admits when she has got things wrong.
She admitted that she was wrong to support  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
[Interruption.]
No.
I think the hon.
Lady is wrong about the Prime Minister’s comments, but I understand that she will not take my word for it, so I suggest she looks at The Times’ analysis of yesterday’s exchange, which backs the Prime Minister both on the building programme and that he did not cut the budget.
I would be interested in how many times she raised RAAC as an issue in this House when she was shadow Education Secretary.
Given her commitment to the facts, will she admit that Labour has got it wrong on the economy?
Labour has been, wrongly, talking this nation down, but it has now been demonstrated that we have had the fastest recovery from the pandemic in the G7.
That is vindication of the Prime Minister’s furlough and bounce back loan schemes.
The hon.
Lady understandably focuses on the situation of school infrastructure.
I remind her that Labour’s building schools programme excluded 80% of schools, and was poor value for money and highly ineffective.
On a personal note, when I got my seat in 2010, my schools were so bad that a secondary school was shut because it was too dangerous to teach in and had Legionnaires’ bacteria in it.
It and another in my patch have now been rebuilt, and we have a new university technical college.
The hon.
Lady criticises Secretaries of State for Education, but what they have delivered means that, across England, we have 10% more good or outstanding schools, nearly 30,000 additional teachers and the best literacy outcomes in the western world.
The current Education Secretary put the safety of children first, in contrast to Labour in Wales, which has not acted so swiftly, despite similar warnings.
The health and safety priorities of the Labour Government in Wales appear to be focused on people buying meal deals, as opposed to a lump of concrete falling on a child’s head.
That goes to show that Labour’s priorities are wrong.
In bankrupt Birmingham, politically correct street names trumped paying women a fair wage.
Good stewardship of public funds was trumped by utter incompetence on an epic scale.
As a leaked memo from Labour headquarters said: “Budget cuts and the size of the City are used as reasons to explain the situation however, this does not hold up under scrutiny”.
Our Prime Minister recognises that for us to be worthy of public support, we must focus on the public’s priorities: the safety and education of their kids; in particular, a strong, growing economy, lower debt and inflation; great, accessible healthcare; and border control.
Where Labour is in power, and in its support of strikes and votes against our legislation, it shows that it cannot and will not deliver on those priorities of the British people.
I will close by giving the hon.
Lady, on her first outing, some advice.
From this Pompey supporter to that Man City supporter opposite: in politics, as in football, the blue team is always best.
This House, as the Leader of the House is aware, takes a dim view of bullying—unless it is by me.
She will be shocked to learn that Britain’s worst water company has now resorted to thuggery and strong-arm tactics to silence parliamentarians and the press.
I refer, of course, to the Pennon Group, which includes the nation’s filthiest and leakiest supplier, South West Water.
Its chairman, Gill Rider—who worked for the Cabinet Office and so is used to leaks, I suppose—has hired City lawyers to threaten the press and parliamentarians if we speak out against the company.
She is running a mob that has convictions for polluting rivers, pays its top gun criminal bonuses and, despite the wettest July on record, still has a hosepipe ban.
It is operating like a mafia.
This is absolutely appalling.
May we have an urgent debate in Government time on these ruddy water companies, who are blackmailing their customers and parliamentarians to stop the truth coming out?
My hon.
Friend has raised issues related to that particular company many times in business questions, and the whole House can sense his frustration and anger with what is happening.
I suggest that he may wish to raise the matter with the relevant Secretary of State on  19 October .
He is an experienced parliamentarian and will know how he can achieve a debate.
I, too, welcome the shadow Leader of the House to her post and I pay real tribute to her predecessor.
It is a bit of a surprise to us all that the Leader of the House herself is still in post, hanging on against all the odds, especially given the way her Government are  unravelling day by catastrophic day.
During summer recess we all saw her on her latest leadership tour in Scotland.
Madam Deputy Speaker, she cannot stay away from the place.
Two visits in one year—it must be a record for a Tory Minister!
Speaking at a fringe event, she characterised Scotland as a “fierce and powerful nation” being held back by the “bile and hatred” of the SNP.
In her reflections on her visit, the Leader of the House mounted a defence of the Union based on our “poems”, “our rivalry”, and our “blood and our brotherhood”.
Madam Deputy Speaker, we have no interest in being “fierce”, whatever that means; we just want the power to govern ourselves like any modern democratic country and build a fairer, greener and more prosperous nation.
I think I know why the Leader of the House is so keen to head north of the border.
It is because when she is there she sees a very different country.
I could not put it better than the respected Oxford professor Danny Dorling, who said last month: “Scotland is showing us the route to a fairer society and is helping to prevent Britain from becoming a failed state.”
Professor Dorling added: “Scotland already has a lower proportion of children living in poverty than the most affluent region of England, which is the south east.
Further progress”— on inequality— “has been achieved through the Scottish Child Payment…raised to £25 a week”.
And finally: “Scotland shows us a better way forward.”
In contrast, he has described the reaction of politicians in England to addressing inequality as being to promise “only minor remedial actions with short-term impact”.
The Leader of the House called me delusional when I pointed out to her previously Scotland’s faster economic growth, our lower unemployment and our lower rates of child poverty than the rest of the UK, and when I told her that not a single day in the Scottish NHS has been lost to industrial dispute and that we have the best paid teachers in the UK.
The next time she comes back from a day trip to Scotland, can we have a debate on what she has learned from us?
Well, I have genuinely missed these exchanges, where the hon.
Lady blames everyone except the Scottish Government, who are one of the most powerful devolved Administrations in the world.
She invites me to tell the House what I learned on my very pleasant trips to Scotland over the summer.
I learned that Scotland has slower economic growth than England.
I was shocked to learn that Victorian diseases, such as rickets, have returned to certain cities in Scotland, and that Glasgow’s rat problem is now so bad it is precluding binmen accessing certain streets because it is too dangerous for them.
I discovered that the bill to Scottish taxpayers for the smelting business debacle stands at £32 million.
I discovered that £33 million, which was ringfenced for Scottish farmers, has gone AWOL.
I also learned that the Scottish auditors have only been able to give a qualified sign-off to the SNP’s accounts.
I toured other parts of the UK as well.
In Manchester—this may interest  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) —I discovered that Greater Manchester police had been forced to issue a crime reference number following a complaint about the SNP  giving constituency seats in return for cash.
I also learned that there is a £1 billion black hole in the Scottish programme for government, which was announced this week.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  for inviting me to put that on the record.
The hon.
Lady seeks to blame everyone else for this situation: me, the UK Government, and anyone else who is around except the Scottish Government.
This summer, a former colleague of hers even tried to blame agents of a foreign power for infiltrating the SNP and making all these terrible decisions.
The SNP is never short of a grievance, but it is now running out of excuses.
I look forward to hearing next week what other excuses there may be.
The execution of Mary Queen of Scots?
The highland clearances?
The hundred years war?
The grotesque chaos and appalling public services from which the hon.
Lady’s constituents and the rest of the Scottish people are suffering are entirely down to the SNP.
They are now a sad, spent force, and are no longer the UK’s separatist party: that dubious honour now goes to the Labour party in Wales.
The Leader of the House may be aware of a tragedy that struck a chord of sadness and anger among my constituents, in the wider Black Country, nationally and, indeed, internationally.
The building known as the Crooked House pub was built in 1765.
It was symbolic of the region’s industrial heritage, and was home to tens of thousands of individual personal memories.
Soon after its sale, the Crooked House was subject to an arson attack, followed by unlawful demolition, notwithstanding the local council’s instruction that that should not be done.
This is an ongoing trend across the country.
May we please have a debate in Government time to see what this place can do to better protect such heritage pubs?
Hear, hear!