Residents across Keighley and our wider area are getting fed up with fireworks constantly being let off throughout the night and well into the early hours of the morning.
That is not limited to bonfire night; it is happening throughout the year.
Many are part of celebratory events, particularly weddings, and are let off by families who have no consideration for their neighbours, which is having an impact on young people, pets and hard-working people who just want to get a decent night’s sleep so that they can get up in the morning.
May we have a debate in Government time on better enforcement, holding West Yorkshire police to account, and tougher licensing provisions on the sale of fireworks?
We could also look at restricting the use of fireworks to public events only.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being the first person to raise this issue.
I anticipate he will be the first of several, as this is a common theme at this time of the year.
He has raised his concerns with regard to his constituents and I shall make sure the relevant Secretary of State has heard those by writing  on his behalf today.
I suggest that the Backbench Business Committee might be the best place to secure a debate.
Having been in this job for a year, I know that such a debate is likely to be well supported and well attended.
Is the Leader of the House aware that Guy’s and St Thomas’s hospitals, where many of us have benefited from treatment, are among the very few of our hospitals at the top of the world rankings?
Why do so few of our constituents live near a world-class hospital?
What has gone wrong in the past 13 years with our health service, where we have so few of the world’s leading hospitals?
We have many fabulous hospitals.
When I came into this House in 2010, my local hospital was the worst in the country for MRSA and clostridium difficile infections, but it is now a fantastic hospital.
Health outcomes have improved there, despite all the stresses of the pandemic, and we have a new accident and emergency department being built, which will open next year.
That is the story of many places around the UK.
We should be celebrating and talking up the fantastic hospitals in this country, just as we should be talking up our strong economy and all the opportunities we have here since we left the European Union.
I hope that one day the Labour party will do that.
The record 1,455 police officers in Bedfordshire achieved under the leadership of Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst and the police and crime commissioner Festus Akinbusoye are very welcome.
However, we face a serious problem with shoplifting, with a low proportion of police turning out when shops notify them and an even lower number of convictions.
I have some shops locally where store managers are telling the shoplifters to take what they can so long as they do not hurt the staff.
This is simply unacceptable in a cost of living crisis, when poorer people and all of us have to end up paying more.
May we have a debate in which we can raise these issues and make clear to the Home Office this House’s views on shoplifting and the action that the police need to take?