Well, that was announced when the House was not sitting, and to describe something that the Government concede will increase prices as a “good thing” is quite extraordinary and shows how out of touch they are.
Let me turn to another area of the Government’s incompetence.
The January 2024 deadline for the rules-of-origin provisions is now rapidly approaching.
Unless this matter is dealt with, it will devastate our car industry.
It should have been anticipated by the Government.
Can the Minister tell us when an agreement for an extension to that deadline can be secured, and what contingency plans are in place if the Government fail to do that?
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s first point, the document was published when it was ready; it was not hastily snuck out during recess.
On his point about readiness for the trade window in the car industry, that matter is being taken seriously by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, who I am sure will be ready to say something shortly.
What steps his Department is taking to maintain public services during industrial action.
Cabinet Office Ministers have, through Cobra, been assisting Departments in their responses to industrial action.
When there is a spate of industrial action across the public sector, which causes huge disruption to our constituents, it is particularly important that we act together, and the Cabinet Office assists Departments in their planning.
Like many of my constituents, I commute to London daily via rail and have had to deal with another summer of disruption caused by ASLEF and the RMT, while students are applying for jobs with unconfirmed grades from unmarked exam papers and junior doctors continue to strike.
What is the Minister’s Department doing to end the strikes and get those people back to work so that we can continue to clear the backlogs and reduce the inflation that they claim to be striking against?
My hon.
Friend is right: it is outrageous that his constituents can have their lives totally upended by strikes and by militant unions.
We will, of course, respect the right to strike, but we have a duty to protect the lives and livelihoods of the British people.
That is what our minimum service levels legislation aims to do.
It is a pity that the Labour party will not support it.
The Labour party governs in Wales and the Tories are in charge here in England, while Scotland is the only place in the UK to avoid any strikes in our NHS.
That is because Scotland has had and will continue to have the fairest and best pay deals in the UK thanks to the Scottish Government.
The Scottish Health Minister recently offered to mediate in the fresh talks between the UK Government and junior doctors.
Has the Minister considered that approach given the incompetence of his colleagues?
We will take absolutely no lessons from the SNP on how to govern countries—I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman looks at the news about what is going on in Scotland or hears about it when he visits his constituency.
We have in this country a Government of whom we can be proud.
I am not certain that that is the view of the Scottish people.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure value for money in public procurement.
The UK Government already award contracts on the basis of most economically advantageous tender.
Furthermore, we are currently taking the Procurement Bill through Parliament, which is an opportunity to streamline procurement processes and ensure that value for money remains central to the UK’s procurement regime.
It is important that taxpayers get value for money when public services are outsourced.
Over recent years, the Home Office has given vast sums of taxpayers’ money to Clearsprings Ready Homes, yet the accommodation that it has contracted out for housing asylum seekers has been unfit for human habitation, partly because so much taxpayers’ money is being skimmed off by unaccountable intermediaries before it reaches the hotels or food providers.
What is the Cabinet Office doing to stop that sort of thing happening in outsourced services?
I am unable to comment on the specifics of that case, but on the broader point, the Procurement Bill covers a range of issues, including how we can improve quality within our supply chains.
Perhaps the hon.
Lady will join us for ping-pong next week.