My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that security of energy supply is critical to our national resilience, and we have made significant progress on this.
We are moving from often imported fossil fuels to clean home-grown energy sources, and I look forward to working with the new Energy Secretary on this very important issue.
Whether he is taking steps to encourage Departments to use environmentally sustainable transport.
The greening Government commitments prescribe all Departments to address the matter of environmentally sustainable transport management by reducing and refining their need to travel through hybrid working and the current location strategy.
Departmental locations, where possible, are all within 10 minutes’ walk of a major public transport hub.
Will this team wake up?
They have huge potential in the Cabinet Office to influence every Department of State.
From my perspective, as a passionate supporter of sustainable transport and particularly the revolution that is coming in hydrogen power, I see an inert Department not pushing other Departments to do better.
Could they wake up and do something about this?
I can think of nothing nicer than being woken up by the hon.
Gentleman.
I can reassure him that we do encourage our colleagues in other Departments to go further on this.
We have a range of carbon offsetting programmes in place and, as I say, our location strategy means that we try to locate people near public transport hubs.
This is the very essence of a green transport strategy.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol. 740, c. 3MC.]
What steps his Department is taking to help prevent public sector fraud.
I am delighted that, in its first year of operation, the Public Sector Fraud Authority is expected to surpass its initial targets, as part of the overall £3 billion recovery of fraud over the last two years referred to by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
More widely, the Government have invested £1 billion in fraud and error reduction since 2022, and we continue to be recognised as a world leader in combating public sector fraud.
We know that whistleblowers are responsible for uncovering almost half of all fraud—fraud that costs the public sector an estimated £40 billion a year—yet our laws to protect and support them are not working.
If we want to tackle public sector fraud, we need to encourage more people to come forward.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to meet me to discuss how we can better support whistleblowers and tackle this vast expense to the public purse?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend, or one of my ministerial colleagues will.
I can reassure her that we do wish to support whistleblowers.
It is important that they are supported in doing what they do.
We certainly respect and are grateful for information shared by whistleblowers.
It is just part of the system,  though, and it is important that we continue to use AI to ensure that we can track down fraud across the public sector.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Tomorrow marks the first anniversary of the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, and it is of course right that as a country we honour Her late Majesty’s legacy.
As a first step towards that, the Government, jointly with the royal household, have established a new Queen Elizabeth Memorial Committee.
That committee will develop proposals for a permanent memorial to the late Queen and a broader legacy programme that will enable everyone in the nation to commemorate her life of service to us.
The Cabinet Office plays a critical role in strengthening our national resilience, and over the summer we published the most comprehensive edition of the national risk register to date.
That important piece of work will help the Government and the whole country prepare for the challenges we face.
The Cabinet Office is currently carrying out a review into Homes England, and my concern is about the Help to Buy scheme, which helps people to get on to the housing ladder.
The Government outsourced that service to Lenvi earlier this year, and since then my constituents have faced huge delays in getting their applications processed.
Is the Minister proud of creating a Help to Buy scheme that is doing the exact opposite of what it says on the tin?
Of course, it is incumbent on Ministers to drive efficiencies in arm’s length bodies such as Homes England.
I am very happy to pick that up with my relevant ministerial colleagues.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell us anything more about the Government’s plans for the late Queen Elizabeth II’s memorialisation?
I have already met with Lord Janvrin, who will be leading the committee.
He of course has two decades of experience in service to the royal household, including as private secretary to Her late Majesty.
The aim we are working towards is that the committee will report by 2026, which would have been Her late Majesty’s 100th birthday.
I begin by associating myself with the Secretary of State’s comments on marking the anniversary of the death of the late Queen.
The responsibilities of the Cabinet Office include the National Security Council and co-ordinating the Government’s response to crises.
Last night, we learned of a major breach of security with the escape from Wandsworth prison of Daniel Abed Khalife, a terror suspect who was accused of gathering information that could be useful to a hostile state.
Can the Secretary of State update the  House on the search for Mr Khalife, and whether—in the light of his Department’s responsibilities for national security and resilience—he has asked why such a terror suspect was being held at a lower security category prison such as Wandsworth in the first place?
May I begin by welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman to his new position?
It is wonderful that the great tradition of gingers across the Dispatch Boxes continues—although, if he does not mind, one should perhaps describe him as a legacy ginger.
He brings a wealth of experience to the role, and I look forward to our exchanges.
The right hon.
Gentleman is of course right to raise this case.
As he will know, the Lord Chancellor has asked for an urgent investigation, working with the Prison Service to find out the exact circumstances of what happened in respect of this escape.
Clearly, the initial law enforcement response will be led by the Home Office, but I will be working with the Lord Chancellor, the Home Secretary and others to ensure that we rapidly apprehend this individual and learn the lessons of what led to this escape in the first place.