No, they haven’t.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that they have.
I can see he is new to the brief and he has some reading to do.
[Interruption.]
He has been moved from his previous brief to this one.
He may be interested to discover that we regularly convene meetings with groups such as Evidence House and 10DS, which contain some of the finest technical experience in Government, to ensure we are taking advantage of the latest technology to make savings for taxpayers.
He talks about money lost, but the money that the Government and the Treasury have saved through implementing the latest techniques is far in excess of the number he gave.
What steps he is taking to help ensure high standards of propriety in public life.
What steps he is taking to help ensure high standards of propriety in public life.
As the Prime Minister set out when he first entered Downing Street, this Government will uphold the highest standards of integrity and propriety.
In July we announced a wide- ranging programme of reform, acting on recommendations from Nigel Boardman, the Committee on Standards in Public Life and the Public Administration Committee.
We have all heard that the former Member for Mid Bedfordshire failed to speak in this House for more than a year and that her farcical resignation, which was to have “immediate effect”, took nearly three months, but what about the years when there was no constituency office listed for people to make representations  to?
With no regard to standards in public life, it is clear that the Tories have sold my neighbouring constituency down the river.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the good people of Mid Bedfordshire deserve a hard-working, full-time Labour MP such as Alistair Strathern instead?
The people of Mid Bedfordshire deserve a hard-working Member of Parliament who lives and works in the constituency, and in Festus they will find exactly that.
I have every confidence that they will return him to this House in the by-election next month.
At the conclusion of Prime Minister’s questions yesterday, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  made a point of order, picking up on a statement made by the Prime Minister that she described as “categorically untrue”.
This is about the sixth or seventh time this year that we have had to make such points of order about the Prime Minister.
How can we have any confidence that we are going to get high standards in public life if this keeps happening?
That is simply not the case.
If the hon.
Gentleman had listened to the exchange, he would have heard that the Prime Minister answered comprehensively every question raised by the Leader of the Opposition and demonstrated a far greater understanding of the detail of this than that demonstrated by his opposite number.