The Prime Minister’s independent adviser on Ministers’ interests, Sir Laurie Magnus, works within established and robust terms of reference, to provide impartial advice on matters relating to the ministerial code.
The powers and status of the role were strengthened in 2022 and Sir Laurie has said he is very comfortable working within his terms of reference.
It is an understatement to observe that the ministerial code has been more honoured in the breach than in the observance during the last few years, and trust in our politics has suffered as a direct result.
It has taken the Government two years to respond to the 23rd report of the Committee on Standards in Public Life, and they have failed to accept the most important recommendations in it, including increasing the power and transparency of the work of the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests.
Why?
We have already reformed the role of the independent adviser.
It is now the case that the independent adviser can initiate investigations with the presumption that the Prime Minister will approve them.
That is the appropriate balance, but we have to respect that the Prime Minister must be the ultimate upholder of the ministerial code, because it is an important principle of our parliamentary democracy that the Prime Minister is able to appoint whomever he chooses to ministerial posts.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure that services provided by the Government meet the needs of veterans and their families.
This Government are delivering on their commitments within the veterans’ strategy action plan to support veterans and their families.
Our plan, which is backed by an additional £33 million announced by the Chancellor in this year’s Budget, contains commitments across Government, including support for health provision, housing and employment, the majority of which have been delivered or are on track.
That is great
and we all support those measures, but he will also know that the independent review of the UK Government welfare services for veterans found that the current system is “overly complex” and suffers from “a lack of cohesion, of strategic direction and single oversight”.
It also found that veterans regularly receive “poor communication” from Government and were left “overwhelmed” by the system.
Does the Minister accept responsibility for those failings and what is he doing to fix them?
I initiated that review when I first came back into office under this Prime Minister.
That review has now completed.
It was due to report before Christmas, but I have pulled that forward
and I want to see a response from Government to the review by the end of September or the beginning of October.
The  review highlights changes that have been overdue for some time and I look forward to having more to say to the hon.
Gentleman on that matter when the response comes back.
What steps he is taking to ensure cyber-security across Government Departments.
The Government’s cyber-security strategy sets out our plans to strengthen the resilience of the Government’s critical functions against cyber- attacks.
A key milestone in our plan came earlier this year when I launched GovAssure.
This is a new approach to cyber-resilience in which Departments review their cyber-security and take the necessary steps to meet the risks that we face.
These cyber-attacks, which are often totally devastating, have been increasing in both severity and frequency not only against Government Departments, but against many of our major businesses with potentially devastating consequences for livelihoods and jobs.
What are we doing in Government to take the expertise that we have acquired within Government to protect Government Departments and to spread it across the economy to protect the private sector as well?
My hon.
Friend is totally correct that the external risk landscape is increasing all the time, not least because of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, which has meant that the United Kingdom, after Ukraine and Russia, is the most cyber-attacked nation.
We are taking a whole-of-Government approach, which is why we created the National Cyber Security Centre, working with GCHQ and the Cabinet Office to ensure that we have robust standards in Government and that we also work with businesses to improve their standards and, indeed, with private individuals.
What recent steps he has taken to implement the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
What recent steps he has taken to implement the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
It was a privilege to appear before the infected blood inquiry on  25 July .
You, Madam Deputy Speaker, referred to birthdays earlier and I believe that that was the birthday of the right hon.
Lady, but she shared it with us in the inquiry—she was there in person for the hearings.
At the inquiry, I shared the work the Government are undertaking to consider the interim recommendations and I look forward to receiving the final report in the autumn.
It was good to see the Paymaster General, the Prime Minister, the Leader of the House and the Chancellor at those reconvened hearings.
Sir Brian  Langstaff made it very clear that his interim report on compensation was the last word that he was going to make on compensation.
The Government have also accepted the moral case for compensation.
What progress has now been made on Sir Brian’s recommendation on extending the interim payments to those who were not included in the first tranche of interim payments last year?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, we are working through this.
There is more work to be done.
It is a mammoth undertaking, as she knows, and we are looking forward to the final report and putting our response into that context.
“Working through this” is not good enough.
Several families in my constituency have lost partners or parents as a result of the infected blood scandal and they are frustrated by the delay and obfuscation.
One of my constituents told me: “The lack of transparency is causing great stress and anxiety to those of us at the heart of this NHS treatment disaster who have already waited decades for our loss and suffering to be recognised.”
One person is dying every four days.
This is becoming urgent.
Will the Government commit to a full compensation scheme as quickly as possible?
We commit to responding as soon as we can to the final report.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we have accepted the moral case for compensation.
After the final report comes through, we will be bringing out our response as swiftly as we can.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the progress made on moving Afghan people from hotels to settled accommodation.
What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting Afghan people who have been resettled in the UK to access independent accommodation.
Hotels are not and never were designed to be long-term accommodation for Afghans resettled in the UK.
I am therefore pleased to say that, as of  1 September , in line with our promises, no legally resettled Afghans remain in bridging accommodation.
As I told the House on  18 July , there is a small number for whom time-limited contingency accommodation will be provided, including where there is a need to bridge the short gap between the end of notice periods and settled accommodation being ready for them to move into, and in cases of medical need, where a family member requires continued attendance at a specific hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the new Afghan families to North Devon and thank everyone locally who is working to ensure that their resettlement is as smooth as possible and to give them a true Devonian welcome?