The Minister will be acutely aware, as I am, that around 2,000 Afghans who are entitled to the Afghan relocations and assistance policy are stuck in hotels in Islamabad.
I know that he has seen the letter that went to the Prime Minister, which I signed along with other colleagues.
What is the plan to get those 2,000 ARAP-entitled Afghans into settled accommodation?
The hon.
Member knows that this has been a long-standing concern of mine, both before Government and in Government.
My area of specific responsibility in terms of getting people here and into hotels and accommodation has been completed.
That is a Home Office area, and I have not had discussions on it so far, but everybody is aware of our commitment to the people who served in Afghanistan, and the Government will follow through on their commitment to those people.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to (a) recognise the contribution of nuclear test veterans and (b) support the roll-out of the Nuclear Test Medal.
While Hollywood remembers the work of Oppenheimer, the Government are committed to recognising the contribution of veterans and civilian staff across the UK and the Commonwealth to Britain’s nuclear test  programme.
The Office for Veterans’ Affairs is investing £450,000 in projects to commemorate and build further understanding of their experiences.
I recently visited the Worcestershire Medal Service in Birmingham’s jewellery quarter to see the first nuclear test medals start rolling off the production line.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the progress of applications for the nuclear test medal, and whether the medals will be ready to be awarded by Remembrance Sunday?
Of course.
Last time we were here, I made a commitment that we would do everything possible to get these medals on chests by Remembrance Sunday.
We are in line with that commitment.
We will meet that commitment.
This has been a 70-year project and campaign by these individuals.
I totally respect that for some it is not fast enough, and for some it is not enough to be done.
We are straining every sinew to bring recognition to this cohort and we will continue to do so.
We will have those medals ready for Remembrance Sunday this year.
I am pleased to hear that continued commitment to ensuring that medals are with nuclear test veterans in time for Remembrance Sunday.
Our nuclear test veterans served our country with pride and distinction, but given the uncertainty caused by the Government’s previous comments that the medals would be awarded by late summer, and then that they would be ready in the autumn, can we have some clarity, and will the Minister tell the House what recent discussions he has had with nuclear test veterans and their representatives about a formal medal ceremony?
Can he guarantee that nuclear test veterans will be awarded their medals in a manner befitting their brave service?
The hon.
Member will be aware that Remembrance Sunday is coming up, which is a timeline that campaigners wanted to meet.
That gives us a narrow window to do the sort of ceremony that I would think befits these individuals.
It is a balance between getting the medals on people’s chests for Remembrance Sunday and at the same time ensuring that they are awarded in a manner that is in keeping with their service.
That is simply the art of the possible and what can be done.
I am proud of what the Government have done on nuclear test veterans.
Her party, when it was in power, did not award nuclear test veterans; in fact, she signed early-day motions to campaign against nuclear weapons, so I will not take any lessons on this.
I am proud of what we have done, and I look forward to seeing medals on chests for Remembrance Sunday.
How many days of sick leave due to mental health were taken by civil servants in 2022.
Civil service sickness absence data are published annually.
The latest data indicate that an average of 2.3 working days were lost per staff year due to mental ill health for the year ending  31 March 2022 .
I understand that nearly three quarters of a million civil service working days were lost due to alleged stress and mental health reasons, and that that figure is 40% up on the year before.
Of course those with genuine mental health needs need appropriate support but, given that many civil servants enjoy pay and pension packages way in excess of what many people can get in the private sector, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that only those with genuine mental health conditions are granted a leave of absence?
I know my hon.
Friend will be aware that there has been, in both the private and public sectors, a large spike in all sickness absence this year, because of course the comparative data were with the pandemic period.
The good news for him is that the most recent figures from the Office for National Statistics show that sickness absence for all forms is lower in the most recent period in central Government Departments than it is in the private sector.
We work with people who are unwell, using occupational health and employee assistance provision to ensure that they get the support that they need.
We continue to wish to drive down the numbers of people who are off for ill health and to ensure that those who are unwell get the support that they require, but we work with them.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the border target operating model on the price of (a) meat, (b) fresh produce and (c) other foodstuffs.
In April, the Government published a draft British border target operating model and on  29 August  we published our final border target operating model, confirming its introduction on  31 January  next year.
It outlines our new controls regime, using better technology and co-ordination to reduce friction and costs, and will provide a simpler, yet secure, experience for traders moving goods across the border.
Small businesses up and down the country have spent countless hours and millions of pounds preparing for these changes, only to find that the Government are delaying implementation for the fifth time.
How does the Minister expect businesses to have any confidence in making long-term investment and supply chain decisions when this Government have such a long list of U-turns and policy blunders?
The hon.
Lady is right that we have pushed the date back several times, first because of covid, secondly because of Ukraine and thirdly to ease the pressure of the cost of living crisis.
We are now working in line with business readiness, having had regular engagement with people across the sector.
We have now set out, as she will have seen from the statement I made to this House in writing on  4 September  and the written document published on  29 August , that we have a final time schedule.
The Office for National Statistics has found that more than 50% of people are paying more for their food shop.
What is the Government’s plan to bring down inflation quickly to ensure that people can feed their families?
I was trying to glimpse the British border target operating model within that question.
The Government have taken a range of measures in order to help bring down the cost of living for people, notably the very considerable help we have given people with the cost of fuel.