Many of my constituents have contacted me to express concern about the delay in passing regulations on the use of electronic collars.
Electronic collars work by delivering an electronic pulse to suppress unwanted behaviour, which can be painful and frightening and even decrease the animal’s ability to learn, so I was pleased that in April the Government announced a very welcome ban on their use.
However, no date has been set for the final stages of legislation.
More than 90% of the population are in favour of implementing a ban as soon as possible on this cruel practice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree, and can she confirm a timetable for bringing forward this important piece of legislation?
My hon.
Friend is right that we are committed to this matter.
We are not intending to ban things such as perimeter fencing, which protect animals, but shock collars cause unnecessary suffering.
I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard her keenness for an update.
She will know that the next Environment, Food and Rural Affairs questions are not until  19 October , so I will write to the Department today on her behalf.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) —my good friend and Greater Manchester neighbour—on her appointment to her new position as shadow Leader of the House.
I know that she will do an excellent job.
I also wish to congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith)  on being appointed her deputy.
As Britain and India negotiate a trade agreement, it is important that benefits of such a deal are shared across the regions and nations.
Despite a large community of people of Indian heritage and many Indian businesses in the north of England, and the fact that Manchester airport, a stone’s throw from my constituency, is the third busiest airport in the UK, there are no direct flights between Manchester and India.
Will the Leader of the House therefore grant a debate in Government time on connectivity from Manchester airport to international destinations and the potential benefit that that would bring to the north-west and, indeed, to the rest of the country for trade, culture, family ties and our educational institutions?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right
and, as a former trade policy Minister, I can tell him that one of the benefits of more regular economic dialogue with our partner nations is to address precisely those things.
In fact, part of my visits to various countries around the world, including the United States, was about securing extra flight routes into his local area.
It is tremendously important, not least because we want to attract investment and businesses to those areas.
He will know that we will not be having live discussions about trade deals, but I know that such accessibility will be very much part of the discussions and script from which our Ministers will be working.
Car insurance firms often increase premiums after a crash even if the accident is caused entirely by the negligence of another driver.
For one of my constituents, Ageas increased her premium by 40% after filing a no-fault claim, despite the fact that the car was parked legally and my constituent was not even in the vehicle when the crash happened.
This is because, statistically, those who file any claim are deemed by the insurance companies more likely to make a future claim.
That assumption completely ignores individual circumstances and is extremely unfair to those who make no-fault claims.
Can we have a debate in Government time on this system and on what steps can be taken to prevent insurance companies from making these unfair assumptions and fleecing our constituents, particularly at a difficult time regarding the cost of living?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on raising what he has identified as a very important issue.
He is an experienced parliamentarian and will know how to apply for debates.
I am sure that if he did apply for one, it would be extremely well attended.
In raising this matter today, he has given insurance companies the opportunity to respond to this concern.
If there are any public affairs officers from the major insurance firms listening to this debate, I would encourage them to take to social media this afternoon to clarify their policies on this area.
I am sure that we would all applaud them if they stepped up and gave their policyholders an excellent service.
The covid pandemic affected all of us, but the most devastatingly affected were the families who lost loved ones, and they are still being affected.
Next Wednesday I will launch my new film, “The Unequal Pandemic”, which focuses on three families’ experience.
It reveals that, instead of being the great leveller that the Government  said that it would be, the pandemic exposed deep structural inequalities, affecting who and where was most impacted.
I would love to see the Speaker of the House and all Members at the launch, but will the Leader of the House allow for a debate specifically on what we can do to ensure that the inequalities that affected the experience of the pandemic are addressed adequately?