Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special patriot, Rear Admiral David Duttlinger, Retired, of Berea, Kentucky.
After thirtythree years of service, he retired from the Naval Reserves on September 19, 2025.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger was born in Berea, Kentucky.
He earned a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Vanderbilt University and was commissioned an ensign through the Naval Reserve Officers ROTC scholarship program in 1992.
He holds a Master of Science from Stanford University in Environmental Engineering and a Master of Public Administration from the University.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger's operational tours include company commander/engineering officer, Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 40, Port Hueneme, California; assistant officer in charge, Detachment 309 for Amphibious Construction Battalion1, Coronado, California; operations officer, Seventh Naval Construction Regiment, Newport, Rhode Island; and deputy operations officer First Naval Construction Division, Little Creek, Virginia.
He completed numerous support assignments across the country and deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger is a Seabee combat warfare officer and a registered professional engineer in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
He has earned numerous military decorations including the Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal (five awards), Joint Service Commendation Medal, Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal (three awards), Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, and more.
In his civilian life, Rear Admiral Duttlinger was first a project manager specializing in water/wastewater infrastructure projects.
He later went to work for the Bluegrass Area Development District (ADD), where he worked to increase access to public water.
In 2013 he became Executive Director of the Bluegrass ADD, a position that he currently holds.
It is my honor to recognize, before the House of Representatives, the dedicated and patriotic service of Rear Admiral David Duttlinger, Retired, on the occasion of retirement from his outstanding military career.