Beyond his professional achievements, Sheriff Berdnik was a beloved

figure in our community.
He was a Parishioner and Eucharistic Minister

at Saint Andrew's Church in Clifton, New Jersey.
As a proud member of

the Polish community, Sheriff Berdnik served as the Marshal for the

Passaic-Clifton & Vicinity Contingent in the Pulaski Day Parade in 2011

and was the Grand Marshal of the Pulaski Day Parade in New York City in

2014.
Known for his unwavering commitment to justice and the well-being of

the public, Sheriff Berdnik served as a beacon of bravery and

compassion.
Under his leadership, Richard emphasized the importance of

community engagement and proactive policing in order to build trust

with the residents of Passaic County.
His innovative approach undertook

a complete top to bottom review of the department effectively

streamlining operations within the Patrol, Corrections and Courthouse

Divisions.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, friends, family, and

the residents of New Jersey in recognizing Sheriff Richard Berdnik for

his outstanding contributions to law enforcement and beyond.
I thank

Sheriff Berdnik.
He was a mentor, a friend, and a pillar in our

community.
God bless his soul and may his wife Monica, and four

children Ashley, Ryan, Alyssa, and Kevin stand proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CITY OF PASSAIC

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with immense pride and joy to

recognize a significant milestone as the City of Passaic celebrates its

150th anniversary.
Since the city's incorporation in 1873, Passaic has

evolved from a humble settlement into a vibrant and diverse urban

center that stands as a beacon of progress.
This historic achievement

is a testament to the resilience, growth, and community spirit that

have defined the City of Passaic over the past century and a half.
The industrious spirit of Passaic's residents has been the driving

force behind its success.
From the early days of fabric mills to the

present, the people of Passaic have worked together to build a city

that fosters innovation, economic prosperity, and cultural diversity.
Let us reflect on the rich history, enduring spirit, and remarkable

growth as we commemorate the sesquicentennial anniversary of the City

of Passaic.
The Lenni-Lenape Native Americans are the earliest recorded

inhabitants of the area situated in the City of Passaic.
The Lenni-

Lenape were met by Hartman Michielsen Vreeland, a Dutch settler and

trader, who purchased Dundee Island and Pulaski Park along the Passaic

River on April 4, 1678.
The Dutch settlement expanded its land through

further deeds and purchases over the next decade.
In 1693, the Dutch

settlement incorporated as the Township of Acquackanonk as part of

northern Essex County.
The Township of Acquackanonk was later moved to Passaic County after

being formed in 1837 by combining parts of northern Essex County and

western Bergen County.
In 1869 the Township of Acquackanonk officially

changed its name to the City of Passaic.
As the area experienced

population and commercial growth, community members voted to

incorporate as the City of Passaic in 1873.
Following the incorporation, the City of Passaic experienced an

industrial boom fueled by immigration from European countries.
By the

late 19th century, critical developments such as the construction of

the Erie Railroad helped Passaic become an economic hub with

flourishing manufacturing and commerce.
The city established a diverse

economy with a thriving textile industry producing silk and cotton.
Today, there are nearly 70,000 residents that call the City of

Passaic their home.
The city has a large immigrant population and is a

melting pot evident through the array of multi-cultural businesses,

restaurants, and community events.
Throughout Passaic's history,

community leaders and residents played a key role in shaping Passaic

into the exceptional city we celebrate today.
One of Passaic's most

notable figures is Mayor Hector C. Lora.
His leadership and wisdom

continue to guide the City of Passaic through all challenges, always

emerging stronger.