From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
KAREN KING

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Karen King

for her dedicated service to the California public transit industry and

to congratulate her on her well-earned retirement from the Golden

Empire Transit District.
Ms. King's career in public transit began in

1976 at the Utah Transit Authority.
Ten years later, Ms. King joined

Long Beach Transit as a Grants Administrator.
She quickly moved up the

leadership ranks, and in 1995 was named Executive Director of

Transportation.
In 1998, Ms. King worked for the North San Diego County

Transit Development as the Director of Development and Communications

Services and was selected as the agency's Executive Director in 2001.
In 2008, Ms. King moved to Bakersfield where she became the Chief

Executive Officer of the Golden Empire Transit District.
During her

tenure as CEO, Ms. King has been steadfast in her commitment to meeting

the transportation needs of all Bakersfield residents.
She helped

develop and implement the On-Demand Microtransit service program, which

was first piloted in southwest Bakersfield and has since expanded

across the city.
The program increases transportation access for all

residents by offering low-cost transportation to residents traveling to

popular destinations in the city.
Ms. King has directed other

initiatives including a partnership with Kern Health Systems to provide

rides to appointments for the more than 300,000 members of Kern Family

Health Care.
Ms. King is also coordinating the Long Range Operational

Service Analysis, which aims to improve local transportation and return

ridership to pre-pandemic levels.
Ms. King has been recognized at the

local, state, and national levels for her leadership in the public

transit industry.
She is the Vice Chair of the California Transit

Association (CTA) and in 2021, was selected for a two-year term as

Chair.
Ms. King has also served as Chair of the CTA's COVID-19 Relief Task

Force, where she has helped California's public transit industry

recover from the pandemic.
In 2018, Ms. King received a Distinguished

Service Award from the CTA, to celebrate her distinguished career and

outstanding contributions.
This year, Ms. King is receiving the CTA's

award for Innovation and Resiliency, to celebrate her commitment to the

innovation of the industry and well-being of all Bakersfield commuters.
Ms. King's many accomplishments are a true testament to her character

and leadership.
I'm confident that her service to the Golden Empire

Transit District and her passion for improving public transit for all

residents of our community will have a lasting impact for generations

to come.
join me in thanking Ms. King for her more than 40 years of dedicated

service to the public transit industry and wishing her a happy and

well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIGHTHOUSE COMMUNITY HOSPICE AND FOUNDER, JOCELYN

CAMPBELL

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to

The Lighthouse Community Hospice, and its founder Jocelyn Campbell as

they host their Annual ``Covered in Love'' Gala.
Ms. Campbell has devoted over 20 years to end-of-life care, working

as an advocate for the preservation of dignity and compassion for those

approaching the end of their lives.
In her role as the Chief Executive

Officer of The Lighthouse Community Hospice, Ms. Campbell serves as a

pioneer in advocating for quality end-of-life care.
She oversees a

dedicated and hardworking group of healthcare professionals and takes

part in strategic partnership and planning in order to ensure that

their programs reach their maximum potential.
In 2023, the Lighthouse

Community Hospice served as a signature community resource at the 52nd

Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Legislative Caucus in our

nation's capital.
In addition to her role as CEO of the Lighthouse

Community Hospice, Campbell simultaneously serves as the CEO of Health

Comply AI.