Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an esteemed and

invaluable member of New Jersey's Ninth Congressional District, Mr.

Huseyin Bayram.
His contributions to our community distinguish him as a

prominent figure, serving as the proud owner of Toro's Restaurant and

the New Corral.
Today I join the City of Paterson as they honor his

contributions by awarding him with the Key to the City.
Huseyin is an

outstanding community leader, philanthropist, and entrepreneur who

continuously demonstrates an unwavering commitment to make a positive

impact extending beyond the State of New Jersey.
For over three decades, Huseyin Bayram has been active in the City of

Paterson.
His entrepreneurial spirit is embodied in the success of the

New Corral in Clifton and the Toro's Restaurants, located in Paterson,

Clifton, and Montclair.
The Toro's Restaurant of Paterson is an iconic

dining establishment that opened its doors in 1972.
Mr. Bayram's compassionate philanthropy created numerous local

initiatives, including his donation of over 10,000 meals to community

members during the novel coronavirus pandemic.
Huseyin wanted to show

his appreciation for frontline healthcare workers by providing free

meals to doctors and nurses at three hospitals in New York.
Huseyin

played a critical role in spearheading and organizing relief efforts

for the earthquake of Turkey in 2023.
Huseyin's efforts have not only

enhanced our community's well-being but also fostered a spirit of unity

and cooperation among its members.
Mr. Bayram led 150,000 members as the President of the Turkish

American Giresun Organization, representing the largest Turkish

population in the United States.
In 2017, the City of Paterson

appointed Huseyin as Deputy Mayor under Mayor Jane Williams-Warren

establishing his role in local governance.
Furthermore, he holds the

position of Vice-President with the Turkish-American Federation of New

York and the Paterson Mevlana Mosque, showcasing how the Turkish

community places their trust in his leadership.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, friends, family, and

the residents of the City of Paterson in recognizing Mr. Bayram.
I take

this opportunity to honor the great work Huseyin Bayram has

accomplished.
May his work continue to be a guiding light in our

community and inspire others to strive for excellence in service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHERIFF RICHARD BERDNIK

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a

remarkable public servant who dedicated his life to law enforcement,

Sheriff Richard Berdnik.
Sheriff Berdnik served twenty-eight years with

the Clifton Police Department.
After his time with the City of Clifton,

he joined the County of Passaic as the Commander of the Juvenile

Division and the SWAT Team.
On January 1, 2011, Richard was elected to

the role of Passaic County Sheriff.
A prominent leader among law

enforcement, Sheriff Berdnik was also a member of the FBI National

Academy Associates, the New Jersey Honor Legion of Decorated Officers,

and the International Chiefs of Police Association.
A native of Clifton, New Jersey, Richard Berdnik graduated from

Clifton High School, the New Jersey State Police Academy, FBI National

Academy, and FBI National Executive Institute.
Sheriff Berdnik took

criminal justice courses at Seton Hall University, the University of

Virginia, and Caldwell College.
Sheriff

Berdnik's legacy embodies the principle of service over self.
His

impact is woven into the fabric of the Ninth Congressional District,

exemplified by the officers he mentored, and the countless individuals

he helped.
Beyond his professional achievements, Sheriff Berdnik was a beloved

figure in our community.
He was a Parishioner and Eucharistic Minister

at Saint Andrew's Church in Clifton, New Jersey.
As a proud member of

the Polish community, Sheriff Berdnik served as the Marshal for the

Passaic-Clifton & Vicinity Contingent in the Pulaski Day Parade in 2011

and was the Grand Marshal of the Pulaski Day Parade in New York City in

2014.