Throughout Passaic's history,

community leaders and residents played a key role in shaping Passaic

into the exceptional city we celebrate today.
One of Passaic's most

notable figures is Mayor Hector C. Lora.
His leadership and wisdom

continue to guide the City of Passaic through all challenges, always

emerging stronger.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, friends, family, and

the residents of New Jersey in recognizing the 150th anniversary of the

City of Passaic.
I take this opportunity to congratulate the residents

of Passaic on this historic milestone.
May this celebration serve as a

moment to honor the past, revel in the present, and look forward to a

future filled with continued growth, prosperity, and fortitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LATE DR.
CLINTON BATTLE

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and service of Dr. Clinton Battle.
Born in the 1920s, Dr. Clinton Battle was known for his remarkable

medical service to Indianola, Mississippi that contributed to the

medical field where he earned nationwide recognition.
In the 1950s Dr. Battle received national press for his renowned

delivery of first conjoined Siamese twins to ever be successfully

separated.
Outside of the medical field, Battle helped to revive the local

chapter of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored

People (NAACP), helping over 100 African Americans register to vote.
He always inspired African Americans to rise during the Jim Crow era.
Because of this contribution to civil rights and medicine, Dr. Clinton

Battle has been named a recipient of the Civil Rights Trail Marker as a

trailblazer for Civil Rights and his medical accomplishments.
Dr. Battle's legacy and his contribution to medicine will continue to

transcend time.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the late

Dr. Clinton Battle for his dedication to medicine and Civil Rights.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARY LOUISE ORTA

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mary

Louise Orta as her family gathers to remember her life and the many

people she touched along the way.
Mary Louise Orta was the matriarch of the Orta Family.
She was born

in New Braunfels, Texas on November 13, 1931.
She met and married

Albert Orta in 1949 and began their life together in Texas before

moving to California in 1973.
Mrs. Orta was a military spouse who exemplified the virtues of

family, commitment, and service.
She supported her husband Albert's

career as he served our nation in the United States Air Force, then as

an employee of the Department of Defense while traveling to several

countries until his retirement in 1980.
During this time, Mary remained

home and continued her own life of service by supporting his career and

raising their 12 children.
In 1981, at age 50, as her youngest child entered kindergarten, Mrs.

Orta joined the workforce volunteering at the local school.
Soon

thereafter, she was hired by the Elk Grove Unified School District as a

full-time employee at Valley High School in Sacramento County where she

remained until her retirement in 2001.
She was a tireless contributor

to her school community, always first to volunteer and never wavered

when asked to help.
Throughout her twenty-year career, Mrs. Orta

received several recognitions and was honored by the California State

Senate and at districtwide ceremonies for her many contributions to

staff, school administration, and students at Valley High School.
Mary Orta was a remarkable woman.
She was a loving and devoted wife,

mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother.
She enjoyed the simple

pleasures of life, finding joy in the company of family and close

friends.
She proudly walked with school administration at high school

graduations, supported her children and grandchildren at events and

family gatherings.