Title: HONORING 100 YEARS OF THE CULPEPER COUNTY VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT, COMPANY 1; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
28

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 100 YEARS OF THE CULPEPER COUNTY VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT,

COMPANY 1

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Culpeper

Volunteer Fire Department, Company 1 for their 100 years of dedicated

service toward their mission to aid in the preservation and protection

of life and property from and during fires, and their commitment to the

Culpeper community.
The Culpeper Volunteer Fire Department was born from a desire to help

neighbors in need.
Chartered in January 1924, the department was first

led by Chief J. William Swan and was comprised of 19 volunteers ready

to answer the call.
In their early days, they relied on their 1923

American LaFrance Brockway ``Torpedo'' Engine, which they housed on the

ground floor of the Municipal Building.
Volunteer firefighters used

canvas coats with leather gloves bought at local hardware stores, and

some donned World War I metal helmets or construction helmets to fight

fires.
It was not until the early 1950s that Culpeper volunteer

firefighters got their first official fireproof gear.
Soon after, they

relocated to West Davis Street where they are still located today.
The Culpeper Volunteer Fire Department is a unique and treasured

organization.
Made up completely of volunteers from all walks of life,

these brave individuals respond to emergencies in their community in

their spare time.
Through their service, they provide fire protection

and life-saving aid to more than 54,000 Culpeper County residents and

cover 383 square miles.
What began as a dream to help their neighbors has grown into a strong

organization that continues to uphold the founding mission set 100

years ago--``to provide emergency services to the citizens of our

entire community . . .
achieved through our principles of commitment,

education, recognized standards, and professionalism.''
Today they

boast a membership of 65 volunteer firefighters.
In 2023, they answered

913 calls with a fleet composed of an engine, a pumper, a rescue

engine, and more, all purchased with the help of their community

through fundraising and donations.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the work

and commitment to services that Culpeper Volunteer Fire Department,

Company 1 has carried out over the last 100 years.
Their service to the

community is invaluable, and I wish them the best as they continue

their work to help our neighbors when they most need it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HEB ISD EDUCATION FOUNDATION'S AWARD OF EXCELLENCE RECIPIENTS

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the following

students who received HEB ISD Education Foundation's Award of

Excellence in their respective fields of study: Aiden Aguirre, Isaiah

Arellano, Matthew Boyd, Andrew Brooks, Dayton Crenshaw, Alexia Del

Vecchio, Julie Eisermann, Anastasia Fike, Charles Fultz, Lauren

Galkantas, Rafael Garcia, Orinda Dreshaj, Chloe Harmon, Ethan

Hildebrand, Giselle Hill, Emma Hiros, Jacquelyn Holisinger, Mia Jax,

Jayla King, Sagar Lamichhane, Ali Landreth, Jude Langsdorf, Mary

McColm, Kylia Murphy, Dorine Ngara, Maddox Olatunde, Claire Payne,

Valerie Reyes, Jerry Rivera, Julissa Rodriguez, Avery Vignali, Kassidy

Zastrow, and Zecharias Zewdie.
I'm inspired by these students' hard

work, and I wish them the best of luck in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HUSEYIN BAYRAM

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an esteemed and

invaluable member of New Jersey's Ninth Congressional District, Mr.

Huseyin Bayram.
His contributions to our community distinguish him as a

prominent figure, serving as the proud owner of Toro's Restaurant and

the New Corral.
Today I join the City of Paterson as they honor his

contributions by awarding him with the Key to the City.