She oversees a

dedicated and hardworking group of healthcare professionals and takes

part in strategic partnership and planning in order to ensure that

their programs reach their maximum potential.
In 2023, the Lighthouse

Community Hospice served as a signature community resource at the 52nd

Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Legislative Caucus in our

nation's capital.
In addition to her role as CEO of the Lighthouse

Community Hospice, Campbell simultaneously serves as the CEO of Health

Comply AI.
Through her work at Health Comply AI, she is able to balance

her expertise in cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies with

her passion for high standard health care delivery, in developing AI-

driven solutions for administering healthcare services and

organizations.
The Lighthouse Community Hospice helps to alleviate the difficult,

emotional experience that is caring for a loved one who is near death.
They adopt a dedicated and compassionate approach to the work that they

do, helping each family to develop a plan that centers around

preserving the dignity and wishes of the individual approaching eternal

rest.
I am humbled to acknowledge The Lighthouse Community Hospice and Ms.

Jocelyn Campbell in their global caregiver advocacy movement for end-

of-life initiatives.
The tireless, dedicated, and consistent work that

they do continue to profoundly impact the ways in which end-of-life

care is approached and administered both within our community and

beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THOMAS H. NEALE, CRS ANALYST

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and service of

Thomas Holleran Neale, a specialist at the Congressional Research

Service who served Congress for over 53 years until his death this

year.
Tom was born in 1943 and grew up in Auburn, New York.
He attended

Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, Syracuse University,

and the Universite of Dijon.
At CRS, he served countless members of

Congress and committees with his expertise in American elections,

political history, and constitutional theory.
Tom was a public servant, an active member of the community, and a

faithful Catholic.
He served as a member of community organizations

including serving as president of the Association of Oldest

Inhabitants.
He contributed writings to Wilson Quarterly, the

Encyclopedia of the United States Congress, and The Encyclopedia of the

United States in the 19th Century.
He lectured on American elections at

Meridian International, the Organization of American States, and the

House of Representatives' Parliamentary Development Task Force and its

House Democracy Partnership.
And on behalf of the State Department, he

lectured at the Foreign Press Center in Washington, the U.S. Embassy in

Austria and several Austrian universities, and the Egyptian Parliament

and the American University in Cairo.
He served Congress well and was

recognized by many of his colleagues as an outstanding scholar and a

dear friend to many.
On behalf of all of Congress, I want to thank Tom

for his enduring service to this institution.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE INNOCENT VICTIMS OF THE SUMGAIT POGROM

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 36th anniversary

against the Armenian residents of Sumgait, Azerbaijan.
From February 27

to 29, 1988, Azerbaijani mobs assaulted and killed Armenians, leaving

dozens of Armenian civilians dead and hundreds injured.
Women and girls

were raped, and some victims were burned alive after being tortured and

beaten.
Those who survived the carnage fled their homes and businesses,

leaving behind all but the clothes on their backs.
In a pattern all too familiar to the Armenian people, the Azerbaijani

authorities made little effort to punish those responsible, instead

attempting to cover up the atrocities in Sumgait to this day, as well

as denying the role of senior government officials in instigating the

violence.
In the years that followed this unspeakable massacre, Armenians

living in Kirovabad, Baku, and Maragha suffered a similar fate.