From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ABE FRIEDMAN FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF WASHINGTON'S

FIRST DISTRICT

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Abe

Friedman for his exemplary service to the people of Washington's First

Congressional District.
For more than four years, Abe has been an

indispensable member of my team, helping ensure that our legislative

work always stayed closely aligned with the priorities and values of

our constituents.
As someone who grew up on Capitol Hill in Seattle, Abe has brought to

our office a deep

understanding of the Pacific Northwest region and a steadfast

commitment to delivering results for families, workers, and businesses

across the district.
His work on trade, foreign policy, and health care

demonstrated a valuable combination of policy expertise, strategic

insight, and tireless dedication.
Abe's contributions have made a real difference in people's lives.
He

helped lead efforts to stand up against harmful tariffs and supported

the introduction of the Prevent Tariff Abuse Act, which aims to protect

Washington's economy and jobs.
Abe also showed deep commitment to

fixing our health care system, playing a major role in advancing

legislation to reform prior authorization to allow patients to get the

care they need without facing hurdles.
He also supported the

construction of new military housing at Naval Station Everett to ensure

our servicemembers and their families had a safe place to call home.
Amid the baby formula shortage in 2022, Abe fought hard to remove

tariffs on imported formula to ensure families had safe, affordable

access to the nutrition infants need.
Abe fought hard to secure

disaster relief for dairy farmers and growers who were hit the hardest

during the 2021 heat dome.
Through every challenge, Abe brought a calm presence, a sharp policy

mind, and quick wit.
This work often happened behind the scenes, but

its impact will be felt across Washington's First District for years to

come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Abe

Friedman and wishing him the best in his next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BOB WESLEY FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL FLORIDA

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Bob Wesley was born in Marietta, Georgia, in

1953 to Martha ``Pete'' Wesley and Frank Wesley.
Bob was the middle son

among six siblings and was always different and quick-witted.
As a child who stood head and shoulders above other kindergartners,

he immediately befriended the shortest kid in class.
He convinced his

brothers to play pranks on their mother, once taping over the speaker

inside her phone, prompting a repairman visit and an eye roll from her.
But while someone who didn't know him saw a goofy, funny jokester, he

also showed an adult-like interest in government and protecting the

rights of others.
He was stubborn.
Rather than following the rules and cutting his long

hair, Bob dropped out of Lakeland High School and enrolled in night

school instead.
He became a photographer and, for a short time, a

traveling mechanic with a drag race funny car team, the Houston

Hustler.
He then attended Polk County Community College and received his

bachelor's in history at the University of West Florida.
Bob found his

passion when he pursued his interest in the law, freedom, and justice

at Florida State University College of Law.
He was then admitted to the

Florida Bar and became a board-certified trial attorney.
He eventually

settled down in Orlando.
After decades as a successful defense attorney, Bob was elected as a

Democrat for the Office of the Public Defender of Orange and Osceola

counties in 2001.
He was elected by the people and served in this role

for 24 years, retiring in January of 2025.