He eventually

settled down in Orlando.
After decades as a successful defense attorney, Bob was elected as a

Democrat for the Office of the Public Defender of Orange and Osceola

counties in 2001.
He was elected by the people and served in this role

for 24 years, retiring in January of 2025.
During his tenure as a

public defender, Bob partnered with the community to help make justice

equitable for all, regardless of race, status, or socioeconomic status.
This was his legacy.
He gained national attention for his work to ensure professional

clothing for his clients, those accused of crimes, those facing

involuntary commitment for mental health and addiction, and children

who appeared in delinquency cases.
Bob hosted an annual clothing drive

where he would greet people with smiles and jokes as they dropped off

their clothes to be worn in court by his clients.
He also created a

community bail fund to help those without resources pay bail and be

released from jail while awaiting trial.
Bob was an outspoken advocate against police profiling and harsher

sentences for Black and brown people.
He lobbied aggressively to reduce

time behind bars for low-level, first-time offenders, fought for civil

citations over arrests, and brought attention to issues with evidence

handling and arrests of children in his circuit.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HARLEM GLOBETROTTERS

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

upcoming 100th anniversary of a beloved institution, the Harlem

Globetrotters.
Their centennial will be in 2026 and will mark 100 years

of entertaining and inspiring audiences around the world.
The Harlem Globetrotters were founded in Chicago, Illinois in 1926 by

Abe Saperstein at Wendell Phillips High School.
They began as the

``Savoy Big Five'' and have since become a global phenomenon, known for

their amazing athletic skills, their comedic routines and the goodwill

they spread.
Their unique blend of athleticism and showmanship has

captivated fans of all ages, and their impact extends far beyond the

basketball court.
The Globetrotters have a deep and meaningful connection to the 1st

Congressional District of Illinois.
On May 6, 2025, a street will be

named after the Globetrotters near Phillips High School in the 1st

District.
Their roots in Chicago's vibrant Bronzeville community have

created a legacy that resonates within our community.
As we approach this milestone, it is fitting that we recognize the

Globetrotters' contributions to the world of sports and entertainment.
They have brought joy to millions, transcended cultural barriers and

served as ambassadors of goodwill for the United States.
Among the many talented players who have donned the Globetrotters'

uniform, some have become legends.
These include Lynette Woodard, a

trailblazing Olympian and the first woman to play for a men's

professional basketball team; Wilt Chamberlain, a basketball icon known

for his dominant presence: Meadowlark Lemon, an unforgettable showman

and one of the most beloved Globetrotters of all time; Marques Haynes,

a legendary dribbler whose skills were unmatched; Reece ``Goose''

Tatum, known as the Clown Prince of basketball; and Curly Neal, famous

for his incredible dribbling skills.
These players, among many others,

have contributed to the Globetrotter's rich history and enduring

legacy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the 100th

anniversary of the Harlem Globetrotters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ISRAEL AT 77

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record

remarks submitted at the request of a Virginia Beach constituent, Rabbi

Dr. Israel Zoberman of Temple Lev Tikvah, and are a reflection of his

views:

Israel At 77--How poignant to affirm the special

relationship between the U.S. and Israel, two close

democratic allies, in our own Hampton Roads and Commonwealth

of Virginia!
Hampton Roads' military might is ever ready to

stand by beleaguered Israel.