MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Valerie Nelson,

who today marks 20 years of selfless service in the United States House

of Representatives.
Her unwavering commitment to public service has not

only benefited this institution, but it has set an example for

generations of congressional staff to come.
Val first entered federal service as an executive assistant to her

home state Congressman Jim Ramstad of Minnesota, serving in his

Washington D.C. office to support his legislative efforts.
She later

joined the leadership office of Congressman Eric Cantor where she

served as Member Services Director.
In this position, Valerie served as

a vital link between the Republican Conference and the Whip's office.
When Congressman Cantor became Majority Leader, Val continued in this

key role during a critical time in our conference's history.
Upon his retirement, Val stepped away from Capitol Hill for a well-

deserved break and time in the private sector but in 2021, Val was

recruited back to the Hill to serve as Communications Director for

Appropriations Chairwoman Kay Granger.
In that role, Val was instrumental in supporting the Chairwoman's

priorities by ensuring they were clearly and effectively communicated.
She worked closely with Chairwoman Granger, committee staff and senior

personal office staff to help shape messaging and communicate key

initiatives to both the broader public and the constituents of Fort

Worth.
She later went on to serve as Deputy Chief of Staff.
Her relationships across the Hill--built over two decades of trusted

service--have already opened doors and helped my freshman office hit

the ground running.
Being a new Member of Congress comes with plenty of

unknowns, but thanks to Val's steady leadership, these first few months

have been marked by order, effectiveness, and forward momentum.
Since

taking office, I've relied on Val to help build a strong team and good

culture that ensures we are delivering results for the people of

Indiana's 8th District.
The 119th Congress will be one for history

books, and Val will be responsible for many of the core contributions

that my office adds to that record.
It is my honor and privilege to recognize Valerie Nelson for her 20

reach this milestone, and even fewer do so with the level of

dedication, professionalism, and grace that Val has consistently shown.
We are all better for her service, thankful for her selfless

dedication--and I'm truly grateful to have her on my team.