GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Mr. Harry White has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, he helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Mr. White was a strong advocate for bringing in government and

non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear Mr. Harry White has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JENNIFER MANKOTYA

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Jennifer Mankotya has made to our community in

the aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless

hours of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped

coordinate the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals

and donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. Mankotya was a strong advocate for bringing in government

and non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Jennifer Mankotya has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all

strive to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WEST AMWELL VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT ON THEIR 75TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the West Amwell

Volunteer Fire Department as they celebrate 75 years of service to our

community.
Since its founding in 1949, the department has provided

essential fire protection and rescue services to the residents of West

Amwell Township.
Their commitment to answering the call in times of

need, often under dangerous and demanding conditions, is a testament to

the sense of courage, duty, and selflessness embodying the very best of

New Jersey's first responders.
As June 14th approaches, the community

comes together to reflect on this special milestone and honor the

dedication of the men and women who have spent decades working to keep

West Amwell safe.
As the West Amwell Volunteer Fire Department celebrates 75 years of

distinguished service, I look forward to seeing their continued growth

and commitment to public safety for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 6, 2025 may be found in the Daily

Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 8

9 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Federal Bureau of

Investigation.