GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ellen Tantillo has made through her work with

Metropolitan Ministries.
Ellen has been a dedicated volunteer at

Metropolitan Ministries since 2016.
Monday and Friday mornings at the

Metro Welcome Center are lively and welcoming, thanks to this

remarkable woman.
She greets both new and returning volunteers with

enthusiasm, ensuring newcomers feel comfortable and understand the

importance of their roles.
Her humor, empathy, and dedication ensure

smooth operations across all areas, from kitchen prep to client

shopping in the metro market.
She welcomes everyone--volunteers,

clients, residents, and community members--with warmth, compassion, and

genuine joy in service.
Ellen is always ready to tackle any task that

needs attention.
Metropolitan Ministries relies heavily on her to keep

Volunteer Services running smoothly, not just during the holidays but

all year round.
She embodies the four key values of Metro's culture,

including: Character, Chemistry, Competency, and Calling.
It is clear Ellen Tantillo has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EMILY MAZZARO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Emily Mazzaro has made to our community through her

volunteer service at Double Branch Elementary School.
Emily is the PTA

President at Double Branch Elementary School.
There is no job too big

or too small for her to take on.
She can be seen most days on campus

before the bell rings, whether volunteering in the media center

assisting students, collaborating with staff members about the needs

that they have and how she can assist them, or orchestrating amazing

events for within the school community.
This year alone, Emily has

spearheaded large events such as our Rancher Roundup (school carnival)

with a multitude of vendors from the community, and a variety of small

and large fundraisers such as Build a Buddy that created revenue for

technology needs, recess carts for all grade levels, and a backdrop

with the school logo for special events with students.
Under her

leadership, the PTA also supports classroom needs with teacher grants,

where teachers can individually or as a team request funds.
She also

supported the school's new PBIS House system with custom flags and t-

shirts for all staff members, handmade by her.
Just last year, the PTA

donated over $10,000 to the media center to refresh its library with

new books.
These are just a few of the examples of the programs and

initiatives that Emily leads.
We are so blessed that if we voice a

need, Emily responds quickly to fill it.
In addition to being so

hardworking, Emily is just a pleasure to work with.
She always has a

smile on her face and is ready with a quick joke to make those around

her laugh.
The entire staff adores her and is so appreciative of her

efforts in making Double Branch a wonderful place for students to learn

and grow.
Emily is an integral part of the Double Branch school climate

and culture.
It is clear Emily Mazzaro has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HARRY WHITE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Mr. Harry White has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, he helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.