Title: COMMEMORATING MAY 2, 2025 AS NATIONAL SPACE DAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
74

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING MAY 2, 2025 AS NATIONAL SPACE DAY

HON.
DON BACON

Mr. BACON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Space

Day, a moment to honor the extraordinary contributions of the aerospace

community to our Nation and the world.
Designating May 2, 2025, as

National Space Day gives us the opportunity to reflect on the

achievements of the past, recognize the advancements of today, and

inspire the possibilities of tomorrow.
Our Nation has long led the way in space exploration.
From the Apollo

missions that landed the first humans on the Moon to today's Artemis

program, which will take us back to the Moon and beyond, the United

States has shown what's possible when bold ideas meet determination.
These milestones remind us of the pioneering spirit that defines

America.
Today, we see that same spirit driving innovation in every corner of

the space sector.
NASA's groundbreaking missions, the Space Force's

contributions to national security, and the work of private companies

and universities are redefining what we can achieve in space.
In

Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, we're witnessing history made

through initiatives like the Big Red Satellite team, where students

from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Aerospace eXperimental

Payload team, along with middle and high school students from Lincoln,

Omaha, and Aurora, built the state's first CubeSat satellite.
This

satellite, launched in 2024 on NASA's 30th commercial resupply mission

to the International Space Station, represents the unlimited promise of

our next generation.
Space exploration doesn't just inspire; it delivers real benefits to

our daily lives.
Our Nation's farmers utilize technologies like GPS,

weather satellites, and internet connectivity, which has allowed our

producers to increase efficiency and productivity in their operations.
NASA's impact on Nebraska is significant, supporting 33 jobs and

generating $7.4 million in economic output, along with $238,000 in

state tax revenue.
For every million dollars of economic output

generated by NASA civil service employees, an additional $6.6 million

is sustained throughout our state economy.
Nebraska's contributions to space exploration are significant and

growing.
Four Nebraska suppliers have contributed to NASA's Artemis

program, including manufacturing supplies for Exploration Ground

Systems at NASA's Kennedy Space Center.
We're also proud of our state's

space heritage through Clayton C. Anderson, Nebraska's first and only

astronaut, who spent 152 days aboard the International Space Station

and conducted three spacewalks totaling over 18 hours.
Perhaps most importantly, National Space Day reminds us to invest in

the next generation.
By investing in STEM education, we ensure that

young people across Nebraska and the Nation have the tools they need to

dream big and take on the challenges of tomorrow.
Programs like the

NASA Nebraska Space Grant Consortium at the University of Nebraska

Omaha and our state's partnerships

with the International Space Station are lighting the way for future

scientists, engineers, and astronauts.
As we celebrate National Space Day, we must also remain vigilant in

protecting NASA's crucial programs and funding.
Any significant cuts to

NASA's science funding would not only impact our space economy and

workforce but could threaten our national security and technological

leadership position.
We must maintain America's preeminence in space.
I encourage all Americans to reflect on how space exploration shapes

our lives and futures.
I'm proud of our district's contributions to

this great endeavor, and I look forward to seeing what we can achieve

together in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ABE FRIEDMAN FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF WASHINGTON'S

FIRST DISTRICT

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Abe

Friedman for his exemplary service to the people of Washington's First

Congressional District.