As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 6, 2025 may be found in the Daily

Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 8

9 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Federal Bureau of

Investigation.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael

Obadal, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Army,

and Sean O'Keefe, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under

Secretary, both of the Department of Defense.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Andrea

Travnicek, of North Dakota, and Leslie Beyer, of Texas,

both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and

Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant

Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Tristan Abbey, of

Florida, to be Administrator of the Energy Information

Administration, both of the Department of Energy; to be

immediately followed by hearings to examine the

nominations of William L. Doffermyre, of Texas, to be

Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, and

Catherine Jereza, of Maryland, to be an Assistant

Secretary (Electricity), and Kyle Haustveit, of

Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary (Fossil Energy),

both of the Department of Energy.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Paul

Dabbar, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of

Commerce.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Homeland

Security.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine winning the AI race, focusing

on strengthening United States capabilities in

computing and innovation.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of James

O'Neill, of California, to be Deputy Secretary of

Health and Human Services, and Janette Nesheiwat, of

New York, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps

of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General

of the Public Health Service.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Brandon

Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Chile;

to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the

nomination of Caleb Orr, of Texas, to be an Assistant

Secretary of State (Economic and Business Affairs).
MAY 12

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To receive a closed briefing on space superiority.
MAY 13

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of David

Fink, of New Hampshire, to be Administrator of the

Federal Railroad Administration, David Fogel, of

Connecticut, to be Assistant Secretary and Director

General of the United States and Foreign Commercial

Service, and Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General

Counsel, both of the Department of Commerce, and Robert

Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Amtrak

Board of Directors for a term of five years.
MAY 14

1 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Health and Human Services.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO VALERIE NELSON

HON.
MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Valerie Nelson,

who today marks 20 years of selfless service in the United States House

of Representatives.
Her unwavering commitment to public service has not

only benefited this institution, but it has set an example for

generations of congressional staff to come.