This is our life's choice: to be prepared

and armed, strong and determined, lest the sword be stricken

from our fist and our lives cut down''

Yet, unsettling as the current scenario is we are duty-

bound at this significant 77th celebration of an Israel

reborn representing 4,000 years of Jewish experience and

persistence, to keep a balanced perspective.
Israel's

monumental accomplishments and gained substantial power--

though still vulnerable--since its fragile 1948 establishment

in the Holocaust's consuming shadow are promising.
However,

its internal conflicting core issues demand resolution and

reconciliation to guarantee a robust democracy in a

pluralistic Jewish context, eschewing both secular

authoritarianism and oppressive theocracy.
Otherwise, the

gates of Gaza (the book's title) that biblical Samson carried

facing the threatening Philistines, would now prove too heavy

for heroic Israel at multi front war!
Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman is founder of Temple Lev Tikvah in Virginia

Beach.
He was born in Chu, Kazakhstan (USSR) to Polish Holocaust

survivors who had met in Siberia.
He spent his early childhood in

Poland, Austria and Germany before moving to Israel in 1949.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COAST GUARD AUXILIARY CLEARWATER FLOTILLA 11-1'S 75TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Coast Guard

Auxiliary Clearwater

Flotilla 11-1's 75th Anniversary.
The U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary was

established by Congress to support the Coast Guard with its boat safety

mission.
Clearwater Flotilla 11-1's service to the Clearwater area

predates the Coast Guard's presence in the city.
Today, though, the

auxiliary provides direct and continuing support to Coast Guard Air

Station Clearwater and to Coast Guard Station Sand Key.
This June, the

Clearwater Chapter, Flotilla 11-1, celebrates its 75th anniversary of

service to the boating public throughout the Tampa Bay area.
The Coast

Guard Auxiliary and Flotilla 11-1 provide invaluable support to the

active-duty Coast Guard through a variety of non-law enforcement

programs.
These include search and rescue missions, marine

environmental patrols, youth programs, public education and safety

patrols.
Additionally, their missions include search and rescue ``call

outs'', back up marine radio coverage and near short patrols as part of

the America's Waterway Watch Program.
As the Coast Guard's homeland and

national security responsibilities continue to expand, the men and

women of the auxiliary have stepped up to increase their port security

patrols to provide for the defense of our Nation's and in our case

Florida's coastline and waterways.
Last year, the Flotilla 11-1 volunteered more than 9,100 hours in

support of the Coast Guard.
The group conducted ten boating safety

education classes with more than 200 graduates, including over 100

children ranging from kindergarten to fifth grade.
The group also

performed almost 150 Vessel Safety Checks to ensure recreational

boaters have all the safety gear they need to be legal and safe and

conducted more than 175 Recreational Boating Safety Program Visits to

boat equipment stores, marinas, and harborages to improve public

safety.
Flotilla 11-1 Clearwater operates under the leadership of Karen

Miller, Commander, and Betsy Scott, Vice-Commander.
The Flotilla 11-1's

officers include: Jeff Otto--Communication Services, Debbie Mallorie--

Finance, Steve Bushnell-Fowler--Human Resources, Karen Miller--

Information Services, Public Affairs, and Public Education, Joe

Garisto--Materials, Mavrick Putnam--Marine Safety and Environmental

Protection, Lisa Repetto--Publications and Recreational Boating Safety

Program Visitations, Gerard Gaudry--Navigation Systems, Tim Dolan--

Operations and Rescue and Survival Systems, Mark Kolupa--Secretary/

Records, and Andre Skoinezny--Vessel Examinations.
It is my hope that

my colleagues will join me in thanking the men and women of Clearwater

Coast Guard Auxiliary Flotilla 11-1 for their 75 years of service to

our community and for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ELLEN TANTILLO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ellen Tantillo has made through her work with

Metropolitan Ministries.
Ellen has been a dedicated volunteer at

Metropolitan Ministries since 2016.