Title: 60TH ANNIVERSARY ALABAMA MOUNTAIN LAKES; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
138

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

60TH ANNIVERSARY ALABAMA MOUNTAIN LAKES

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Alabama Mountain

Lakes Tourist Association on the occasion of its 60th anniversary.
For

six decades, this organization has been a steadfast advocate for

tourism in the North Alabama region, significantly contributing to the

economic vitality and cultural richness of our state.
Founded in 1964, the Alabama Mountain Lakes Tourist Association was

established with the vision of promoting the diverse and breathtaking

landscapes of North Alabama, which range from the majestic Appalachian

Mountains in the east to serene lakes and vibrant vistas in the west.
Over the years, Alabama Mountain Lakes has been instrumental in

showcasing the natural beauty, historical landmarks, and unique

attractions that make this region a cherished destination for tourists

from across the Nation and around the world.
Under the dedicated leadership of its board and staff, Alabama

Mountain Lakes has successfully partnered with local businesses,

governments, and communities to enhance tourism infrastructure, support

local economies, and preserve the region's natural and cultural

heritage.
The Association's innovative marketing campaigns, educational

initiatives, and community engagement efforts have not only attracted

countless visitors but have also fostered a deep sense of pride among

residents.
The Alabama Mountain Lakes Tourist Association is committed to

sharing with the rest of Alabama, the South, and the nation the great

attractions, festivals, restaurants, and other entertainment options

that North Alabama has to offer.
From the W.C. Handy Music Festival in

Florence to the Christkindlmarkt in Cullman, to the World's Longest

Yardsale in DeKalb County, there is something for everyone.
As we celebrate this remarkable milestone, I would like to extend my

heartfelt congratulations to the Alabama Mountain Lakes Tourist

Association for 60 years of outstanding service.
Their tireless efforts

have left an indelible mark on our state, and I am confident that they

will continue to inspire and lead in the years to come.
Mr, Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Alabama Mountain Lakes

Tourist Association for their exceptional contributions to the tourism

industry and the lasting impact they have made on North Alabama and

beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OLYMPIC GOLD MEDALIST AND WRESTLING CHAMPION SARAH

HILDEBRANDT

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate Olympic

Gold Medalist and wrestling champion Sarah Hildebrandt, who brought

home the gold in the women's wrestling freestyle 50-kilograms event at

the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.
Growing up in Granger, Indiana, and a proud 2011 graduate of Penn

High School where she wrestled all four years, Sarah's achievements in

the sport of wrestling are almost too numerous to list.
Prior to coming

to Paris this summer, Sarah could claim being a two-time world bronze

medalist, a two-time world silver medalist, and an Olympic bronze

medalist from the Tokyo Summer Games as just a few of her many

accolades.
With her win over Cuba's Yusneylis Guzman Lopez in the 50-

kilogram weight class women's freestyle final on August 7, 2024, Sarah

is now also just the fourth woman to win gold in wrestling for Team USA

in history.
Upon winning the gold this summer, Sarah reflected, ``this gold medal

is for everyone who has ever faced a setback or felt like giving up.
It's proof that with hard work, determination, and a little bit of

faith, anything is possible.''
Sarah's determination and persistence

have inspired so many around the world, especially but not limited to

those in the sport of wrestling.
I have always found it fitting that the Summer Olympics take place in

the same year as our U.S. presidential elections.