Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

exceptional bravery, skill, and determination of the United States

Coast Guard units stationed along the Gulf Coast.
These dedicated men

and women came together in a large-scale Search and Rescue operation,

resulting in the safe recovery of two scuba divers who had been

separated from their dive vessel and lost at sea for nearly two days.
On the morning of July 24th, the Sector Corpus Christi Command Center

received a distress call reporting two divers missing more than 30

miles offshore from Matagorda Texas and the Coast Guard immediately

mobilized multiple assets.
Leading this Search and Rescue effort was Lieutenant Commander Nina

McDonald whose knowledge and experience helped coordinate the safe

return of the divers.
During the search, the Coast Guard faced severe

weather and a vast search area.
After hours without any luck, the

aircrew of Coast Guard 2306 took over the search efforts.
Despite

daunting conditions, including reduced visibility, overcast skies, and

hazardous flying through numerous cloud layers, this crew pressed on.
After hours in the air, Petty Officer Nathan Cyrus, serving as a

visual observer, spotted a faint flash of light on the water and the

aircrew quickly maneuvered to the location where Petty Officer James

Welzig, the dropmaster, prepared the aircraft for an aerial delivery of

rescue equipment.
Under the command of Lieutenant Brian Holcombe and

Lieutenant Junior Grade Jake Pritchett, the aircrew helped guide the

Coast Guard Cutter to the scene where the crew successfully located and

rescued the two divers, who had endured 38 harrowing hours at sea.
This remarkable rescue operation is a testament to the unparalleled

excellence of our Coast Guard personnel.
Their efforts in saving these

lives reflect the highest standards of service and sacrifice.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring these

courageous men and women of the United States Coast Guard.
Their

actions over those intense 38 hours exemplify the very best of our

Nation's values, and we owe them our deepest gratitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING SHIRLEY COOKS

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my first

Congressional Chief of Staff, an early activist in the Civil Rights

Movement, a life-long public servant, and my friend, Shirley Cooks, who

passed on January 19, 2024.
A celebration of life will be held for

Shirley on Capitol Hill on September 12 with her family, friends and

former co-workers gathering to honor a woman of substance, skill and

humor who they considered a mentor and hero.
Shirley ran my D.C. office

with outstanding skill and loyalty, helping me, a first-term

congressman, navigate a world she had known and managed relationships

in for years.
Her sage advice, deep knowledge, and constant grace were

invaluable to me.
A dedicated public servant all her life, Shirley was

an ardent advocate of civil rights and had the achievements and life

history to advance them.
Shirley was born on August 27, 1944, to

Melvine and William Wright in New York City.
Her early education was

divided between New York and Aboukir, St. Ann, Jamaica.
Shirley

graduated from St. Paul's School in Los Angeles in 1958.
She became

acquainted with leaders and staff members of both the Student

Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and Southern Christian

Leadership Conference (SCLC) when she moved from Los Angeles to New

York to live with her brother and sister-in-law, entertainer and

political activist Harry and his wife Julie Belafonte, and

their children.
She studied at Bank Street College, a groundbreaking

school advancing early childhood education; the New School for Social

Research; and New York University during that time.
By the mid-1960s,

Shirley had moved to Atlanta to work full-time in the Civil Rights

Movement as a member of the SNCC administrative staff with additional

work on Voter Registration field projects in Alabama and Mississippi.