Under Pat's leadership, LDA provided 127 research grants that have

been acknowledged in 62 scientific journals.
Working with author Amy Tan, she created LymeAid 4 Kids, a program

that offers critical support to children with Lyme who come from

families that face financial challenges.
To date, this amazing

initiative has provided more than $475,000 for diagnosis and treatment

for children in need.
Naturally inquisitive and loaded with ``street smarts,'' Pat also

continued to study and probe the origins of Lyme and the impact defense

bioweapons experiments on ticks may or may not have had on Lyme's

epidemic growth in the U.S.

Pat Smith's unyielding commitment to improving the Federal response

to Lyme disease has made a huge difference and has offered so much hope

for Lyme patients across the country.
She demanded fairness and honesty and never asked anybody to give

more or do more than she and her husband, Rich, gave and did for the

cause of conquering Lyme.
I will greatly miss my good friend, Pat Smith, a trailblazer for

Lyme disease patients.
Pat and I share a birthday, a last name, and a

thirst for justice for patients with Lyme.
For Pat, and in her honor,

our fight will continue.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF WICOMICO COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPUTY ROBERT

T. WILSON

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, last week, I was sad to learn about the

passing of retired Deputy Sheriff Robert T. Wilson of the Wicomico

County Sheriff's Office.
Deputy Wilson dedicated his life serving his

community and country.
A veteran of the U.S. Air Force, Bob served at

the Eastern Correctional Institute before retiring from the Wicomico

County Sheriff's Office in June of 2021.
Deputy Wilson dedicated his life to helping others, putting his own

life on the line to protect and serve the community he so much loved.
A

devoted member of the Fraternal Order of Police, Bob believed in

service, sacrifice and honor.
Robert T. Wilson passed away at the age

of 71 years old.
I would like to express my sincere condolences to his wife Esther,

the Wilson family and the entire Wicomico County Sheriff's Office.
The

Eastern Shore is forever grateful for DFC Robert T. Wilson.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ELBERT KNOX

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Elbert Henry

``Toughegg'' Knox, a courageous American who gave his life in service

to our country during World War II.
Elbert Knox first served as an Army

cook from 1919 to 1920.
In September 1941, at the age of 40, he

answered the call again, leaving his home to work as a civilian

contract worker on Wake Island in the Pacific Ocean.
There, Knox and

other civilians built essential facilities for the military, helping to

defend the island during a fierce Japanese attack on December 8, 1941.
Despite their valiant efforts, Wake Island fell to Japanese forces

after a 15-day battle, and Knox became a prisoner of war.
Transferred

to Japan in September 1942, he faced brutal conditions--enduring abuse,

starvation, solitary confinement, and exposure.
Knox's resilience was

unwavering, but tragically, he died in captivity.
After the war, his

remains were laid to rest in the National Memorial Cemetery of the

Pacific.
In 1981, Knox and his fellow civilian contractors on Wake

Island were granted veteran status.
Today, I am proud to report that Mr. Knox has been posthumously

awarded the Prisoner of War (POW) Medal and the Purple Heart.
These

medals will be presented to his family, who have waited decades to see

his heroism formally recognized.
His story is a powerful reminder of

the price of liberty and the strength of the American spirit.
I urge my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Mr. Elbert Knox

and extending our deepest gratitude to his family.