STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of my constituents who

has been a valued member of our community here on Capitol Hill for the

past quarter century: Mark Fritter from Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
He is retiring after providing crucial technical support to numerous

congressional offices over the past 25 years.
We ought to give thanks

for his many contributions to his community, his Congress, and his

country.
Mark is a bit of a kindred spirit.
Like me, Mark was raised in Prince

George's County.
He is also a fellow Terp, having earned his degree in

marketing from the University of Maryland, College Park.
He kicked off

his career on Capitol Hill in 1999 as a consultant helping

congressional staff use the customer relationship management (CRM)

software ``Capitol Letters.''
Following a merger, he pivoted to

consulting staff on how to use Intranet Quorum (IQ).
Back then,

computers were still a relatively new technology.
Mark played a vital

role in helping staff harness the power of these new tools and

integrate these innovations into Congress' day-today work.
In the past 25 years, Mark provided invaluable support to hundreds of

legislative coordinators, communications directors, and other top

staff.
He has taught communications professionals how to use IQ's

newsletter software to keep constituents informed and to expand Member

offices' subscriber base and digital reach.
His work has helped Members

engage more closely with the people they represent.
Mark has been

particularly adept at helping set up new Member offices on these

technologies and has helped facilitate more than a dozen congressional

transitions during his tenure on the Hill.
Mr. Speaker, Mark is one of the thousands of people who work

tirelessly behind the scenes to help this Congress fulfill its

responsibilities For the People.
His commitment to service goes beyond

his professional career, however.
From supporting his local church to

serving as Assistant Scoutmaster for Boy Scout Troop 403 based out of

Bowie, Maryland.
Mark has devoted much of his free time to giving back

to his community.
He has also been a tremendous husband to his wife,

Rhonda, and father to their son, Ben.
Crucially, I hear Mark has been

an excellent owner to their dog, Pepper, and their two cats, Lilly and

Zoe-Zoe.
I know that many here on Capitol Hill and back in Maryland appreciate

Mark's warmth, good humor, and willingness to lend a hand.
Mark may be

moving to Indiana to be closer to family, but he'll always be a

Marylander at heart.
It is a privilege to represent kind, generous, and

hardworking people like Mark from Maryland's Fifth District.
I ask that all my colleagues join me in congratulating Mark on this

milestone and in wishing him and his family all the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PAT SMITH

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment

to recognize the incredible life and the amazing contributions of my

friend Pat Smith, who passed away peacefully on August 17th.
Tomorrow,

September 7th there will be a ``Celebration of Life'' to honor and pay

tribute to the remarkable Pat Smith.
Pat Smith's extraordinary work for patients, caregivers, and Lyme-

literate doctors around the country has been transformational.
An

incredibly well-informed and tenacious leader, Pat fought effectively

and relentlessly for greater diagnosis, treatments, and outcomes for

Lyme patients.
Because of Pat Smith, legislation to better meet the needs of Lyme

patients is now the law of the land.
I first met Pat in 1992 and from that moment on, my understanding,

advocacy, and legislative work for Lyme patients--and frankly the work

of this Chamber--was substantially and positively influenced.
She was

an outstanding collaborator.
She did meticulous research and was

painstakingly honest, reliable, and hardworking--often to the chagrin

of the Lyme deniers.