I first met Pat in 1992 and from that moment on, my understanding,

advocacy, and legislative work for Lyme patients--and frankly the work

of this Chamber--was substantially and positively influenced.
She was

an outstanding collaborator.
She did meticulous research and was

painstakingly honest, reliable, and hardworking--often to the chagrin

of the Lyme deniers.
A widely respected straight shooter, Pat did not mince words as she

and I worked together--along with other Lyme victims and family

caregivers--calling on all public, medical, and insurance industry

officials to be forthright and dedicated in fighting Lyme and saving

lives.
More than 30 years ago, Pat Smith came to one of my town hall

meetings in Wall, New Jersey, and shared with me the plight of those

suffering from chronic Lyme, including her two daughters.
Shortly after, Pat and I sat down with the top leaders at the Centers

for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health, who were

polite but highly dismissive of our concerns surrounding the

recommended treatment for Lyme.
Pat was brilliant in that meeting.
She told them how CDC's

``recommendation'' for prescribing up to a mere 1 month's worth of

antibiotics was being used by health insurance companies as the ceiling

for what was covered.
Even if the patient had Lyme for 5 years, only 1

month of doxycycline was covered.
The feds said it wasn't their intention to limit health insurance

coverage, but they didn't fix the problem either.
If you knew Pat, you knew that answer would not suffice.
Already the founder and president of the Lyme Disease Association

(LDA), Pat embarked on a personal and compassionate mission across the

Nation to educate and help, spread awareness of this terrible disease,

how to prevent it, and how to properly diagnose and treat it.
She built

synergistic coalitions around the country that worked relentlessly in

support of Lyme research and to advance diagnosis and treatment for

patients.
Beyond the working coalitions, Pat organized 22 national, scientific

conferences and shared her wealth of knowledge at hundreds of

government, business, and school events.
She provided both oral and written expert testimony in support of

national and State laws and physicians' right to fully treat Lyme in

numerous States, including our own.
When Pat brought her renowned expertise, passion, and admirable no-

nonsense demeanor to Washington, people listened.
At my request, Pat testified before Congress and provided critical

insights for substantive reform and Federal Lyme programs.
And she

skillfully made her case each year during the congressional

appropriations process, ensuring that Lyme disease programs--and

patients--finally got their due, or close to it.
Pat also served two terms as a public member of the U.S. Department

of Health and Human Services' Tick-Borne Disease Working Group, a

working group created by legislation she and I worked on together and

helped shepherd into law.
The working group reports, mandated by Congress, represent a true

landmark in their far-reaching coverage of the persistent symptoms and

persistent illness suffered by Lyme disease patients and the need for

enhanced understanding of Lyme disease-associated chronic illness.
And

the reports referenced many published studies of chronic Lyme disease.
The groundbreaking content of the working group's reports and their

positive impact on Lyme patients and Lyme study are due in no small

part to two term working group member Pat Smith.
Under Pat's leadership, LDA provided 127 research grants that have

been acknowledged in 62 scientific journals.
Working with author Amy Tan, she created LymeAid 4 Kids, a program

that offers critical support to children with Lyme who come from

families that face financial challenges.
To date, this amazing

initiative has provided more than $475,000 for diagnosis and treatment

for children in need.