This attraction is also the official home of National Hunting

and Fishing Day, which was launched by Congress in 1971 as a way to

recognize and celebrate hunters and anglers for their leadership in

wildlife and conservation.
In recognition of Mr. Morris' service to conservation, he has been

chosen as this year's recipient of the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy

Award, a fitting tribute to an individual whose life has epitomized

dedication to America's outdoor heritage.
Named in recognition of the Dingell family--Congressmen John D.

Dingell, Sr.
and John D. Dingell, Jr. and the late Congressman Don

Young, the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation created the Dingell-

Young Sportsmen's Legacy Award to recognize the extraordinary

individual and collaborative leadership of the Dingell family and

Congressman Young and their long-standing dedication to the advancement

of conservation policy and our outdoor hunting and angling traditions.
Like them, Morris' contributions to our outdoor traditions relied upon

a unique commitment to a shared passion for hunting, fishing, and

conservation.
Recognized as one of the country's leaders working to ensure natural

habitats, wildlife, and the outdoors remain healthy and abundant for

future generations, the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy Award is a

fitting tribute for Morris.
In closing, I want to thank Mr. Morris for his many contributions to

America's outdoor heritage and congratulate him for the well-deserved

recognition as the recipient of the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy

Award, the top award offered by the Congressional Sportsmen's

Foundation.
In the words of Mr. Morris, Mr. Speaker, ``Take a kid

fishing, you'll be happy you did.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HURON COUNTY COMMUNITY

FOUNDATION

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the 30th anniversary of the Huron County Community Foundation.
Since

1994, this organization has been a cornerstone of meaningful change and

community development throughout Huron County, which I am proud to

represent in Congress.
For three decades, the Huron County Community Foundation has made

good on their mission to ``Invest FOR GOOD . . .
FOR EVER.''
This motto

has, without a doubt, fostered legacies that will shape Huron County's

future for years to come.
The foundation's impact covers a wide array of needs throughout our

community, from healthcare to education and beyond.
Through grants and

other donations, the foundation has empowered countless families and

organizations to succeed in their charitable goals.
It goes without

saying, but the amount of work that goes into an organization like this

should be inspiring to us all.
As we honor this milestone, it is

important to recognize how the foundation--and all its beneficiaries--

have played a central role in nurturing Huron County.
The very spirit

of the foundation, coupled with their dedication to their community,

has been central in guaranteeing a bright future.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the

Huron County Community Foundation on 30 years of outstanding service.
I

look forward to their continued success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE JOINT EFFORT BETWEEN THE U.S. COAST GUARD AIR STATION

CORPUS CHRISTI AND SECTOR CORPUS CHRISTI COMMAND CENTER

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

exceptional bravery, skill, and determination of the United States

Coast Guard units stationed along the Gulf Coast.
These dedicated men

and women came together in a large-scale Search and Rescue operation,

resulting in the safe recovery of two scuba divers who had been

separated from their dive vessel and lost at sea for nearly two days.
On the morning of July 24th, the Sector Corpus Christi Command Center

received a distress call reporting two divers missing more than 30

miles offshore from Matagorda Texas and the Coast Guard immediately

mobilized multiple assets.