She became

acquainted with leaders and staff members of both the Student

Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and Southern Christian

Leadership Conference (SCLC) when she moved from Los Angeles to New

York to live with her brother and sister-in-law, entertainer and

political activist Harry and his wife Julie Belafonte, and

their children.
She studied at Bank Street College, a groundbreaking

school advancing early childhood education; the New School for Social

Research; and New York University during that time.
By the mid-1960s,

Shirley had moved to Atlanta to work full-time in the Civil Rights

Movement as a member of the SNCC administrative staff with additional

work on Voter Registration field projects in Alabama and Mississippi.
Her work included liaison outreach with SCLC, where she met her future

husband, Stoney Cooks.
They were married in September 1970 and settled

in Atlanta the following year.
Shirley gave birth to her first child in

1972, the year Andrew Young was elected to Congress, becoming the first

African American representative from the Deep South since

Reconstruction.
Shirley worked in the principal's office at Peabody

Elementary School on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. in 1974 and gave

birth to her second son in 1976.
In 1977, when Andrew Young was

appointed U.N. Ambassador by President Jimmy Carter, Shirley and Stoney

and their two children moved to New York City where she worked at the

African American Institute (AAI).
In 1981, Shirley gave birth to her

third son and the couple returned to Atlanta with their three children

where she served in the position of Director, Bureau of Cultural

Affairs, in the Parks and Recreation Department for the City of

Atlanta.
Continuing her work in public service, Shirley returned to

work as Legislative Affairs Director at AAI in Washington, then served

as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs at the

U.S. Department of State under Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
She later worked as Chief of Staff for U.S. House Representatives

members Juanita Millender-McDonald of California, Laura Richardson of

California, and for me, before retiring.
Shirley will be remembered as

a devoted public servant with a wonderful sense of humor, a serious

commitment to justice and good causes, her loyalty and her kindness.
I

extend my sincere condolences to her sons Caleb, Judah, and Micah; her

grandchildren, Stoney Nakoda and Wiyot Adeline; and her many loyal

friends and extended family members.
May they take comfort in the life

she lived.
Shirley Cooks made a difference in our world and will

continue to be greatly missed.