She, alongside LWCC,

played a significant role in local, State, and national elections by

encouraging more women in Chesterfield County to serve as volunteers,

activists, and candidates for elected office.
She also worked to ratify

of the Equal Rights Amendment in Virginia in 2020, seeing our

Commonwealth become the 38th State to ratify the amendment.
Among many awards and accolades, Kim received the 2019 Newsmaker of

the Year award from Virginia Professional Communicators for her

achievements as the leader of LWCC and for sharing her vision, story,

and impact with local, national, and international media.
Based on her

personal experiences with Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric

Syndrome (PANS), Kim also became an outspoken advocate for recognition,

research, and treatment of this rare but potentially devastating

condition, and she was a fierce champion for children affected by PANS

and their families.
Kim is the reason I am here today--serving Virginia's Seventh

District in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Her dedication, passion,

and love instilled a confidence in me and touched the hearts of so

many.
When she got sick, she demonstrated true strength and grace.
I am honored to recognize my dear friend, Kim Wright.
She will be

greatly missed by her husband, children, friends, and all those who

will remember her strength, courage, and pure humanity.
Kim's legacy

will be felt in our communities for years to come.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating Mrs. Kimberly Drew Wright.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF COLONEL CONSTANCE C. JOHNSON-CAGE

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

service of Colonel Constance C. Johnson-Cage, the Individual

Mobilization Augmentee to the Director of Personnel in the Office of

the Air Force Reserve.
Colonel Johnson-Cage, a Kansas City resident, is

retiring from the United States Air Force after more than 38 years of

service.
Colonel Johnson-Cage's career has been marked by a distinguished

commitment to our nation's defense and security.
This commitment began in 1985, when Colonel Johnson-Cage enlisted in

the United States Air Force as an air cargo specialist.
Since then,

Colonel Johnson-Cage has held an impressive portfolio of leadership

positions, including serving at the Secretary of the Air Force level

and Headquarters Air Force level, and as a commander in the Air

National Guard and Air Force Reserve.
In her current position, Colonel Johnson-Cage assists in the

oversight of Total Force policy development and guidance, prepares

input for legislative initiatives and congressional testimony, and

facilitates the integration of personnel policies across the Department

of Defense.
She also assists with the management and oversight of

resources impacting a budget of nearly $450 million for accessions,

recruiting, retention, education, training, force structure,

compensation, and benefits impacting 360,000 reservists and their

dependents worldwide.
Her contributions have been recognized with an array of honors.
Most

notably, Colonel Johnson-Cage received a Defense Meritorious Service

Medal, Air Force Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf

clusters, Joint Service Commendation Medal, and an Air and Space

Longevity Service Award with two oak leaf clusters.
The Kansas City area is proud to have Colonel Johnson-Cage as a part

of our community.
As Colonel Johnson-Cage enters into her next chapter,

I have no doubt she will continue to spread the spirit of dedication

and service to country.
I thank Colonel Johnson-Cage for her lifetime

of public service and wish her a happy and fulfilling retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARK FRITTER AS HE RETIRES AFTER 25 YEARS OF SERVICE ON

CAPITOL HILL

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of my constituents who

has been a valued member of our community here on Capitol Hill for the

past quarter century: Mark Fritter from Anne Arundel County, Maryland.
He is retiring after providing crucial technical support to numerous

congressional offices over the past 25 years.