It's proof that with hard work, determination, and a little bit of

faith, anything is possible.''
Sarah's determination and persistence

have inspired so many around the world, especially but not limited to

those in the sport of wrestling.
I have always found it fitting that the Summer Olympics take place in

the same year as our U.S. presidential elections.
While Americans are

often divided politically, every four years the Summer Olympics afford

us an opportunity to unite around our love of country and be united in

pride and admiration for athletes like Sarah who represent our Nation

on the world stage so well.
I thank Sarah for bringing a healthy dose of Hoosier pride to Paris

this summer.
I congratulate her on her incredible athletic

achievements, both at this summer's Olympics and throughout her

impressive, decorated career.
I and so many others look forward to

seeing what she will continue to accomplish going forward.
May God

bless.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF BELLE ISLE IN

CENTRAL FLORIDA

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and privilege to recognize and

celebrate the centennial anniversary of the City of Belle Isle in

Central Florida.
Once a Native American oasis, Belle Isle was founded

by Central Floridians in 1924 to resist Orange County's attempts to

drain Lake Conway and its chain of lakes, which span approximately

1,800 acres.
Belle Isle's first citizens and interim Mayor C.H. Hoffner

unanimously voted on the city's name, which resembles the French phrase

for ``beautiful island.''
Today, it reflects the city's peaceful,

lakefront living that provides an escape from the nearby metros.
In 1928, Belle Isle was annexed back into Orange County, and records

of the City of Belle Isle ceased to exist.
However, residents once

again rallied against another attempt by the County to use the lakes

for drainage in 1954, and the local government was reinstated.
The

State of Florida later recognized the City of Belle Isle's charter in

1972.
The city's government ran continuously until the early 2000s when a

council-manager form of government was adopted to better serve Belle

Isle residents.
Since that time, the city has flourished.
Annexations,

the establishment of a Belle Isle Police Department, and an agreement

to open Cornerstone Charter Academy mark Belle Isle's largest

achievements in recent years.
In celebration of Belle Isle's centennial, the city will be hosting a

Tree Recognition Ceremony to honor two of its beautiful trees.
One tree

will be recognized as a centennial tree, symbolizing 100 years of Belle

Isle history.
A second plaque will acknowledge a newly planted tree

that will stand for the next 100 years.
We wish good fortune to the

City of Belle Isle and its residents and hope for another 100 years of

history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE DESIGNATION OF OLD FORGE, PENNSYLVANIA, AND FELITTO,

ITALY, AS SISTER CITIES

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize a remarkable and

historic milestone that unites two communities across the Atlantic

Ocean.
It is with great pride and joy that I announce the official

designation of Old Forge, Pennsylvania, and Felitto, Italy, as sister

cities.
This designation not only honors our shared heritage but also

strengthens the bond of friendship and cultural exchange between our

two communities.
Old Forge, situated in the heart of northeastern Pennsylvania, has

long been a beacon of Italian-American culture.
Known affectionately as

the Pizza Capital of the World, Old Forge boasts a rich history that is

deeply intertwined with the Italian immigrant experience.
In the late 1800s and early 1900s, waves of immigrants from Felitto,

a picturesque town in the Campania region of southern Italy, made their

way to Old Forge, then known as Mudtown.