Old Forge, situated in the heart of northeastern Pennsylvania, has

long been a beacon of Italian-American culture.
Known affectionately as

the Pizza Capital of the World, Old Forge boasts a rich history that is

deeply intertwined with the Italian immigrant experience.
In the late 1800s and early 1900s, waves of immigrants from Felitto,

a picturesque town in the Campania region of southern Italy, made their

way to Old Forge, then known as Mudtown.
Their arrival marked the

beginning of a new chapter in the community's history, bringing with

them their traditions, values, and, of course, their beloved culinary

heritage.
Felitto, located in the province of Salerno, is renowned for its

artisanal fusilli pasta and its vibrant annual celebration, the Fusillo

Festival.
This festival is a testament to Felitto's commitment to

family, community, and the joy of food.
The town's dedication to

preserving its cultural traditions and fostering a strong sense of

community is mirrored in the spirit of Old Forge.
The Felittese Association of Old Forge, now in its 35th year, hosts

the city's annual Felittese Italian Festival on the second weekend in

September in commemoration of Our Lady of Constantinople, who has been

venerated in the town of Felitto since 1790.
Much like Felitto's

Fusillo Festival, this annual celebration stands as a proud homage to

Old Forge's Italian roots by celebrating the rich tapestry of Italian

culture through homecooked food and music with family, friends, and

neighbors.
It is a cherished tradition that underscores the deep

connections that bind our two communities.
The sister city designation between Old Forge and Felitto represents

more than just a symbolic gesture; it is a recognition of the shared

heritage and enduring ties that unite us.
It honors the legacy of the

Italian immigrants who contributed so profoundly to Old Forge, the

Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the U.S. and acknowledges the vibrant

culture that continues to thrive today.
This partnership will strengthen economic ties and enhance the mutual

understanding between our communities.
It is a celebration of our

shared history and a commitment to continuing the traditions that have

enriched our lives and nations.
As we commemorate this new chapter in the relationship between Old

Forge and Felitto, let us honor the contributions of the Italian

immigrants who helped shape our communities.
Their legacy lives on in

the vibrant celebrations, the delectable cuisine, and the strong sense

of community that define both Old Forge and Felitto.
As the Member of the U.S. House representing northeastern

Pennsylvania, I extend my heartfelt congratulations on this historic

achievement.
May this sister city relationship continue to flourish,

bringing us closer together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF KIMBERLY DREW WRIGHT

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mrs. Kimberly Drew

Wright, a vibrant member of the Chesterfield County community who

touched countless lives through her passion for advocacy.
Kim passed

away on July 5, 2024, after a courageous battle with breast cancer.
Kim was a talented author and entrepreneur, a determined advocate for

social justice who inspired thousands of women to become leaders in

their communities, and a beloved wife and mother.
She formed and

organized the Liberal Women of Chesterfield County & Beyond (LWCC),

inspiring change and fostering hope across the Commonwealth.
Kim went above and beyond for her community.
She, alongside LWCC,

played a significant role in local, State, and national elections by

encouraging more women in Chesterfield County to serve as volunteers,

activists, and candidates for elected office.
She also worked to ratify

of the Equal Rights Amendment in Virginia in 2020, seeing our

Commonwealth become the 38th State to ratify the amendment.
Among many awards and accolades, Kim received the 2019 Newsmaker of

the Year award from Virginia Professional Communicators for her

achievements as the leader of LWCC and for sharing her vision, story,

and impact with local, national, and international media.