Bob's Silver Star, along with his Purple

Heart, Bronze Star, Combat Infantry Badge, World War II Victory Medal,

and European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, are all physical

proof and outward symbols of Bob's inner fortitude, leadership

abilities, and his unwavering commitment to duty and service.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must

constantly be fought for and vigilantly guarded by each generation.
That noble mission is exactly what Bob helped carry out when he wore

the uniform of the United States Military.
Because of the service and

sacrifice of warriors like Bob, generations of Americans have been able

to experience the blessings of liberty and live in a land that is free.
For that, all of us owe Bob and his fellow veterans a debt we can never

fully repay.
Bob's dedication to service did not stop when he returned home to

Indiana after battle.
Bob has been very active in a number of community

organizations throughout Kosciusko County, and the Warsaw City Council,

the Rotary Club, Salvation Army, Warsaw Evangelical Community Church,

and Mobile Meals program have all benefited greatly from Bob's

involvement.
Simply put, Bob epitomizes what it means to put ``Service

Above Self.''
Despite all these impressive accolades and countless testimonials

from those he has helped over the years, perhaps Bob's best legacy are

his and his wife Marge's seven children, and their more than two dozen

grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
After more than a century of life well lived, I join countless

Hoosiers in celebrating Bob Gast and in thanking him for his loyal

service and the many, many contributions he has made to the Kosciusko

County community, Indiana's Second Congressional District, and our

country.
May God bless Bob Gast.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHARLES GARNER'S SERVICE IN UNIFORM AND CONTRIBUTIONS TO OUR

COUNTRY AND INDIANA'S SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and offer my praise and

gratitude to World War II veteran, American hero, and 101 -year-old

Kosciusko County resident Charles Garner.
Born in Fulton County on July 3, 1923, Charles Garner is a decorated

veteran who honorably served our Nation in uniform, and who has shown

his commitment to making Kosciusko County an even better place to live,

learn, work, and raise a family after he returned home from battle.
Charles enlisted in the Army Reserves in 1942 during the height of

World War II while attending Indiana Central College in Indianapolis.
Charles' service in uniform saw him serve in a mortar battalion, once

digging five foxholes in two days while being surrounded by the German

Army during the Battle of the Bulge, and it took him across Normandy,

northern France, central Europe, and the Rhineland during different

campaigns and battles.
After his service in Europe, Charles was on his

way to fight in the Pacific Theater in Japan when he and his fellow

servicemembers learned that the war was finally over.
Because of his honorable and valorous service, Charles was awarded a

Good Conduct Medal, one service stripe, two overseas bars, and a

European African Middle Eastern Theater Ribbon with five bronze stars.
Upon returning home, Charles attended Indiana Central College and

received a master's degree from Indiana University, which he used to

launch a career in education that took him from teacher to Leesburg

School principal to Warsaw Community High School assistant principal

over the course of 38 years.
After more than a century and still going of living life to the

fullest, I am happy to join countless Hoosiers, including his three

sons and dozens and dozens of grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and

great-great-grandchildren, in commending Charles Garner for his brave

military service and thanking him for the many contributions he has

made to Kosciusko County, Indiana's Second District, and our country.
May God bless Charles Garner.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHNNIE KABERLE

HON.