CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recognize an

organization that has done so much to make Maine a national leader in

energy efficiency.
This past October, in recognition of its efforts to accelerate the

replacement of fossil fuel appliances with more efficient electric

alternatives in our state, Efficiency Maine received the ``Leader of

the Pack'' award from the American Council for an Energy-Efficient

Economy.
The fact that this award is only given once every five years

is a testament to just how impactful Efficiency Maine's programs have

been.
Between 2010 and 2023, the share of Maine households that used

heating fuel as their primary heat source fell from 70 percent to 50

percent.
That's a remarkable improvement--and the programs offered by

Efficiency Maine have played a significant role in this trend.
Its

initiatives in the areas of consumer-education, income-differentiated

rebates, pilot programs for new technology, and close collaboration

with local tradespeople have been truly remarkable.
By promoting the transition from fossil fuel-dependent heating

systems to those that rely on clean, renewable energy, Efficiency Maine

is helping our state reduce its carbon footprint--proving that ``going

green'' can mean ``saving green,'' too.
Organizations like Efficiency Maine are absolutely critical to

helping citizens embrace the power they have to bring about a greener,

more sustainable future for our country.
I thank them for their

incredible work, their tireless service, and their steadfast commitment

to Maine's growing green economy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, December 10, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 11

9:45 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Caroline

A. Crenshaw, of the District of Columbia, to be a

Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

Gordon I. Ito, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the

Financial Stability Oversight Council; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine consumer

protection, focusing on protecting workers' money and

fighting for the dignity of work.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Communications, Media, and Broadband

To hold hearings to examine communications networks

safety and security.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States

Capitol Police.