After more than a century and still going of living life to the

fullest, I am happy to join countless Hoosiers, including his three

sons and dozens and dozens of grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and

great-great-grandchildren, in commending Charles Garner for his brave

military service and thanking him for the many contributions he has

made to Kosciusko County, Indiana's Second District, and our country.
May God bless Charles Garner.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHNNIE KABERLE

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an

invaluable leader of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, Johnnie

Kaberle, for 30 years of exemplary dedication and service to our

Nation.
In 2020, Johnnie took over as the Minority Clerk of the Defense

Appropriations Subcommittee.
From the creation of the Accelerate the

Procurement and Fielding of Innovative Technologies or ``APFIT''

program, which provides vital bridge funding to promising new defense

companies, to the preservation of the USS Fort Worth from premature

decommissioning, she successfully championed robust national security

spending and Republican priorities in the enacted Fiscal Year 2020

through Fiscal Year 2023 Defense Appropriations acts.
After serving ably and dual-hatted as the House Appropriations

Committee Deputy Staff Director and Defense Subcommittee Minority

Clerk, Johnnie rightfully took on an even more challenging and

impactful role as the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Majority

Staff Director and Clerk when Republicans won the Majority in 2022.
In

this role, she led a staff of fourteen defense and intelligence experts

in the drafting and passage of the Fiscal Year 2024 Defense

Appropriations Act and House passage of the Fiscal Year 2025 Defense

Appropriations bill.
At over $800 billion per fiscal year, this bill is

the largest and most complex appropriations bill for the Nation and in

the world.
Johnnie's innate ability to build coalitions across Members

of Congress, senior administration officials, and industry executives,

to achieve United States national security objectives is truly

breathtaking to witness and invaluable to a Subcommittee Chairman.
Among her many accomplishments as Majority Clerk, Johnnie's will

possibly be most remembered for spearheading my vision to accelerate

the adoption of innovation across the Department of Defense.
Because of

her efforts, Congress allocated nearly $2.5 billion toward defense

innovation, including rapid procurement and fielding of promising

defense technologies through the Defense Innovation Unit, the creation

and funding of APFIT, and the support of the Office of Strategic

Capital.
This will have a lasting impact on our national security and

ensure continued American military supremacy.
On a personal note, Johnnie has been a trusted advisor and friend to

the Members of the Subcommittee on both sides of the aisle.
Her

partnership with Chair Emeritus Kay Granger, Chairman Tom Cole, and

myself has been instrumental to our efforts to make the Department of

Defense a more agile and effective organization.
Her contributions to

America's warfighters will endure long after her tenure in the House of

Representatives ends, and I know she will continue to do great work to

advance our national defense.
On behalf of a grateful Nation, I join my colleagues today in

recognizing and commending Johnnie for her service to our country.
We

wish her all the best in her future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
JIM PROVENZA

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jim

Provenza for his exceptional career in public service and his

unwavering commitment to our community.
After 16 years of service on

the Yolo County Board of Supervisors and over 40 years working in state

and local government, Mr. Provenza will soon retire, leaving a legacy

of compassion, justice, and dedication to our community.