Title: CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF JOHN L. HUMPHRIES; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
182

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF JOHN L. HUMPHRIES

HON.
JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the remarkable

career and leadership of John L. Humphries as he retires as President

and General Manager of WYFF 4 after more than four decades in broadcast

television.
John led two of Hearst Television's most honored and successful

brands for eighteen years, most recently leading Hearst's NBC affiliate

in the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, South Carolina and Asheville,

North Carolina, television market.
He is said to have built upon the

culture of excellence in journalism and community service in both

markets.
In 2018, Broadcasting & Cable named him General Manager of the Year

for mid-size television markets as the station earned a Southeast

Regional Emmy for Outstanding Newscast and, in 2022, it received a

prestigious national Edward R. Murrow Award.
The many state and

regional achievements have included three consecutive Associated Press

of South Carolina's Outstanding News Operation in 2017, 2018, and 2019

and the South Carolina Association of Broadcasters Station of the Year

recognition in 2021.
Before joining Hearst Television, John was General Sales Manager for

WBTV in Charlotte, North Carolina, and held the same position at WSPA-

TV/WASV-TV in the Greenville-Spartanburg market.
He began his career at

Charlotte's WSOC-TV, initially as a Production Specialist.
He holds a bachelor's degree in Speech from Appalachian State

University, in Boone, North Carolina, for which he served on the Alumni

Council and currently sits on the Department of Communication's

Professional Advisory Board.
Among his industry and charitable associations, John serves as

president of the South Carolina Broadcasters Association Board of

Directors, the board for the Greenville Chamber of Commerce, and the

South Carolina Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
In 2016, he

was named one of the region's 50 Most Influential People by Greenville

Business Magazine.
Mr. Speaker, as John signs off and embarks on a well-deserved

retirement, it is a privilege to be able to serve the Third District of

South Carolina and to celebrate those who make a difference in our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BOB GAST'S MILITARY SERVICE AND CONTRIBUTIONS TO OUR COUNTRY,

KOSCIUSKO COUNTY, AND INDIANA'S SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor decorated World

War II veteran and devoted member of the Kosciusko County community,

Bob Gast.
Born more than a century ago, Bob embodies what it means to be part

of the ``Greatest Generation.''
When the forces of fascism and tyranny

threatened the peace, security, and freedom of millions, Bob answered

the call to serve our Nation as a soldier in the United States Army.
During one of the most crucial periods of fighting on the Western Front

in the Second World War, Bob led his Army platoon during the Battle of

Hurtgen Forest.
A Second Lieutenant at the time, Bob earned the Silver

Star after being shot in the arm.
The Silver Star is one of the most

prestigious medals of honor our Nation can bestow on a servicemember,

and it appropriately recognizes Bob's valor in combat and his gallantry

in action against the enemy.
Bob's Silver Star, along with his Purple

Heart, Bronze Star, Combat Infantry Badge, World War II Victory Medal,

and European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, are all physical

proof and outward symbols of Bob's inner fortitude, leadership

abilities, and his unwavering commitment to duty and service.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must

constantly be fought for and vigilantly guarded by each generation.
That noble mission is exactly what Bob helped carry out when he wore

the uniform of the United States Military.