She was challenged to commit an aspects of her life . . .
her marriage, her parenting, her fears, and her insecurities,

into the hands of her Savior.
This teaching changed her

world.
God began to direct her steps to do more public ministry,

including speaking at women's ministry events and working

alongside her husband in his ministry to married couples

through Family Life Seminars.
Additionally, she was

challenged to write, and over the course of her life Beverly

had written or co-written many books, including The Spirit-

Controlled Woman, How to Develop Your Child's Temperament,

and The Desires of a Woman's Heart.
Her books were one more

way she could communicate God's truth to women on subjects

that were increasingly coming under attack in the culture

around her, namely womanhood, motherhood, and devotion to

family.
In 1978, Beverly saw Barbara Walters' interview with Betty

Friedan, the founder of the National Organization for Women.
While watching, Beverly was convicted that she must speak on

behalf of millions of women who were not being represented by

the feminist philosophy.
Friedan's purpose, according to

LaHaye, was to promote homosexuality, abortion on demand, and

thoroughly ``undermine the core of American culture: the

family.''
God led Beverly to begin an organization that would provide

a platform to advance conservative values in politics and

policy.
Concerned Women for America was launched at a rally

hosted by LaHaye in a local San Diego theatre.
CWA began as a

local interest, but within two years, it had grown to become

a national organization aimed at protecting and promoting

Biblical and constitutional principles through prayer,

education, and advocacy.
Believing that prayer was vital to the success of every

endeavor, Beverly founded CWA on the principles of prayer and

action.
CWA became a fast-growing grassroots organization of

conservative women and men who were challenged and educated

to pray for their country and its leaders, as well as to take

action in their communities, states, and even at the national

level.
In 1985, Beverly moved CWA headquarters from San Diego to

Washington, D.C. Both she and Tim believed this move was

vital in order for CWA to have its greatest impact on the

culture as the organization continued to expand.
Beverly's

growing influence in the conservative movement, as well as

Republicans holding a majority place in office, led to

LaHaye's prominence during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan

and George H.W. Bush.
She regularly testified in

congressional hearings, including Supreme Court nomination

hearings for Antonin Scalia, Robert Bork, and Clarence

Thomas.
Initially, Mrs. LaHaye jumped into the debate over the

Equal Rights Amendment, helping lead the opposition to it as

well as advocating for the life of the unborn.
As time went

on, other vital family-oriented issues arose that demanded

attention.
She led CWA to speak out on the protection of

marriage, support for Israel, and more.
Additionally, God led

Beverly to add a legal defense department to CWA's growing

list of involvement as opportunities arose to be a voice on

behalf of women and men embattled in the court in the areas

of life, marriage, education, and freedom of religion.
During the 1980s, Beverly's heart of compassion led her to

reach out to Nicaraguan families who were displaced by the

communist regime in their country.
On numerous occasions,

Mrs. LaHaye led teams of volunteers to the jungles of Costa

Rica, where they provided much-needed aid to refugees fleeing

from their own country.
CWA established a refuge station in

the jungle which provided clothes, food, education, medical

assistance, and, most importantly, hope to these struggling

people.
The influence of CWA has spread throughout the country,

with chapters in almost every state.
As chair and founder,

Beverly hosted an award-winning radio talk show and appeared

in numerous media interviews.