Mike is an active volunteer for the Valspar

Championship, the University of South Florida Alumni Association, the

Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity Education Foundation, and the Crohn's &

Colitis Foundation.
He has

served on the Board of Directors for the Nonprofit Leadership Center of

Tampa Bay, the Habitat for Humanity State Association of Florida, and

the Pinellas Park Chamber of Commerce.
He also serves on the Pasco

County Affordable Housing Advisory Committee and the Board of Directors

for Amplify Cleanwater, formerly known as the Clearwater Regional

Chamber of Commerce, which he chaired in 2020.
It is clear that Mr. Sutton has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATHALIE SANCHEZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nathalie

Sanchez for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Nathalie has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Nathalie, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Nathalie's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Arvada K-8 and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Nathalie Sanchez on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SYDNEY CAMPBELL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sydney Campbell

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Sydney has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Sydney, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Sydney's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Sydney Campbell on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR MARC WEISS

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Command Sgt.
Maj.
Marc

Weiss of Red Lion, Pennsylvania, for his 35 years of service in the

Pennsylvania Army National Guard.
Marc enlisted in the Pennsylvania National Guard in 1988.
He began

his career of military leadership at Foxtrot Battery, 109th Field

Artillery Regiment, where he eventually became First Sergeant.
For the last two and a half years, Marc led the 213th Regional

Support Group.
Marc's colleagues speak highly of his dedication to

understanding units within his command, which he did to better prepare

and lead the formations.
Throughout his career, Marc was involved in overseas missions to

Bosnia, Kosovo, England, and Iraq, as well as multiple state and drug

interdiction missions.
Upon his retirement, Marc was presented with the Legion of Merit

award for his devoted service and career.
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sgt.
Maj.
Weiss for his commitment to

our Nation and his selfless service.
We are indebted to the 35 years of

sacrifice he has given.
I wish him all the best in his well-earned

retirement.