CWA established a refuge station in

the jungle which provided clothes, food, education, medical

assistance, and, most importantly, hope to these struggling

people.
The influence of CWA has spread throughout the country,

with chapters in almost every state.
As chair and founder,

Beverly hosted an award-winning radio talk show and appeared

in numerous media interviews.
Beverly would not hesitate to

accept the opportunity to be the voice of Christian women on

national television, often in direct debate against some of

the leading feminist and pro-choice voices of the day.
She

always conducted herself with grace and dignity and spoke

truth with strength and clarity.
Throughout her years in leadership, Beverly has received

many awards, including Christian Woman of the Year, the

Southern Baptist Convention's ``Religious Freedom Award,'' as

well as ``Talk Show of the Year'' in 1993 or the Beverly

LaHaye Live radio program.
In 1994, she was honored by the

U.S. House of Representatives for service to her country, and

in 2016, she was recognized by the Faith and Freedom

Coalition with the ``Winston Churchill Lifetime Achievement

Award.''
Most recently, in 2023 Beverly was named one of the

50 greatest pro-life leaders in the past 50 years.
Mrs. LaHaye retired from her role as President of CWA in

2006.
She and Tim returned to Southern California, where they

were closer to family.
She continued to serve as Chairman of

the board for CWA until her retirement in 2020.
In addition,

she continued to accept speaking engagements and served on

various boards for Christian colleges and organizations.
Well

into her eighties, Beverly still loved to be a voice in the

cause and to educate future generations of Christian

activists.
Throughout her life, Beverly's family was very important to

her.
She invested in them personally and prayerfully.
While

her life was very busy, whenever possible, she tried to carve

out time to visit her children and grandchildren wherever

they were living.
She organized family trips and

opportunities for them all to be together.
In 2016, Beverly lost the love of her life, Tim, to a

stroke at the age of 90.
They had been married for 69 years.
He was her greatest champion, her encourager, and true

soulmate.
Ten months later, her son, Lee, also passed away.
It was a year of incredible loss for her.
She took great

solace in the company of her remaining children, nine

grandchildren, and 20 great-grandchildren.
Beverly LaHaye was not born into privilege nor blessed with

extraordinary skills and abilities.
Her life is a beautiful

demonstration of what God can do with a person who is fully

devoted to Him.
She was a faithful follower of Jesus Christ

all the days of her life and God used her in extraordinary

ways to make a difference in the world around her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE HOWELL ROTARY CLUB FOR 100 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE

COMMUNITY

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate a remarkable milestone--

the 100th anniversary of the Howell Rotary Club--a century of selfless

dedication to serving others.
Since its founding in 1924, the Howell

Rotary Club has been a pillar of the community in Howell, the

surrounding communities in Livingston County and across the state of

Michigan.
Throughout its history, the Howell Rotary Club has truly embodied the

Rotary's motto of ``Service Above Self,'' with its members playing a

pivotal role in shaping the moral fabric of its community, fostering

goodwill, peace, and understanding.
This vision is clear in the many Rotary Clubs that Howell Rotary has

helped start throughout Livingston County, from Brighton Rotary in 1936

to M-36 Rotary in 2020.
Howell Rotary's legacy of community involvement is extensive.
In

1946, the Club provided the funding for the Howell High School football

field, making it the first lighted football field in the state of

Michigan.