Title: 21ST CENTURY PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH ACT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
72

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

21ST CENTURY PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH ACT

speech of

HON.
KAT CAMMACK

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Mrs. CAMMACK.
Madam Chair, I would like to clarify the scope of the

prohibitions in Division D of H.R. 8038.
As I understand it, Division D of H.R. 8038 would prevent TikTok from

obtaining distribution through app stores and online marketplaces in

the U.S. and deprive them of obtaining Internet-hosting infrastructure

and services provided by U.S. entities, unless and until it is divested

from ByteDance within 270 days of enactment.
When acting in their capacity of providing access to the Internet,

Internet service providers (ISPs) do not engage in the activities that

would be restricted by operation of Section 2(a)(1).
In providing their customers access to the Internet and connectivity

to web sites and online service, ISPs are not engaging in distribution

activities prohibited under subparagraph (A).
And in providing access

or connectivity to web sites or online services at the request and

direction of their customers, ISPs are not engaged in providing any

Internet hosting services restricted under subparagraph (B).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING MRS.
BEVERLY JEAN LaHAYE

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I am grateful to

honor the remarkable life of Mrs. Beverly Jean LaHaye, founder, and

former chairman of Concerned Women for America (CWA), the Nation's

largest public policy women's organization.
On Sunday, April 14, 2024,

she passed from this life, leaving behind a legacy that will endure

through the ages, shaping the lives of countless individuals.
I am

grateful for the profound impact Mrs. LaHaye left upon us all and her

unwavering commitment to God and public ministry and offer my sympathy

to her family.
Included in the Congressional Record is the following

obituary for Mrs. Beverly Jean LaHaye:

Beverly Jean Davenport was born on April 30, 1929, in

Detroit, Michigan, the second daughter of Lowell and Nellie

Davenport.
Her father died when she was merely two years old,

and her mother got remarried to a kindly neighbor man with

whom she had two more children.
Raised in an evangelical

household, Beverly's faith was a very important part of her

life.
Beverly attended Bob Jones University in Greenville, South

Carolina, where she met ministerial student Tim LaHaye, who

was an Army Air Force veteran of WWII.
The two fell in love,

and he was ready to propose marriage by Christmas break of

their first year.
They married the following summer before

returning to school, Not long after, they welcomed their

first child, Linda, into their family.
After graduating, the

young family moved to Minnetonka, Minnesota, where Tim

pastored a small church, and together, they served the people

of that community.
Their two sons, Larry and Lee, were born

there.
In 1956, they relocated to San Diego, California, to begin

their ministry at Scott Memorial Baptist Church.
Their

youngest daughter, Lori, was born soon thereafter.
Throughout

their ministry together, Beverly served as an integral part

of whatever God had called them to do.
When the church needed

a secretary, Beverly stepped up to fill the role.
When the

junior Sunday school department needed a director, the young

pastor's wife met the need.
During that time of life, Beverly had the opportunity to

hear from a well-known Christian speaker who taught on the

importance of being fitted with the Holy Spirit.
She was

introduced to the concept that walking in the Spirit meant

full dependence on Christ, no matter what she was called to

do.
She was challenged to commit an aspects of her life . . .
her marriage, her parenting, her fears, and her insecurities,

into the hands of her Savior.
This teaching changed her

world.