This vision is clear in the many Rotary Clubs that Howell Rotary has

helped start throughout Livingston County, from Brighton Rotary in 1936

to M-36 Rotary in 2020.
Howell Rotary's legacy of community involvement is extensive.
In

1946, the Club provided the funding for the Howell High School football

field, making it the first lighted football field in the state of

Michigan.
The Club's commitment to supporting youth through education and

forming international friendships is exemplified by the Club's foreign

exchange student program.
In 1951, Howell Rotary hosted the first

foreign exchange student in Livingston County.
Since then, Howell

Rotary has sponsored these once-in-a-lifetime opportunities for both

inbound and outbound students to learn about different cultures and

build international understanding.
Since 1978, Howell Rotary Club has awarded scholarships to Howell

High School graduates who demonstrate their passion for learning and

community service to continue their educational journeys.
In 2001,

Rotarians established the Howell High School Interact Club, which helps

students develop leadership skills and connect with their peers and

community through acts of service.
Howell Rotary Club has demonstrated its dedication to improving the

lives of others through charitable endeavors like the OLHSA Walk for

Warmth, completing Habitat for Humanity home building projects, and

raising over $350,000 over a 13-year period for Livingston County

United Way.
For 100 years, the Howell Rotary Club has lifted up its community

through its enduring commitment to service, integrity, and leadership.
From its original 17 founding members to its hundreds since, it is my

honor to celebrate Howell Rotary Club's 100th anniversary and recognize

its members' contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE POMEROY, OHIO FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today celebrate the brave first

responders of the Pomeroy Fire Department in Meigs County, Ohio, as

they are being honored as the Ohio Fire Department of the Year by the

State Fire Marshall and the Ohio Department of Public Safety.
The 30 members of the all-volunteer Pomeroy firefighting force have

consistently demonstrated a level of training, preparedness, and

dedication second to none.
They've proven their commitment to

excellence by pursuing advanced training, completing both in-service

and multicompany training exercises, enhancing the force's efficiency,

loss reduction, and ability to safeguard our community.
I cannot say enough about how much Pomeroy's Fire Department has

given back to Meigs County, serving well beyond their roles as first

responders--leading food drives, educating the community on fire safety

and prevention, and distributing smoke detectors, among many other

contributions.
I am pleased to honor the fine men and women of the Pomeroy

firefighting force for their justly deserved recognition as the Ohio

Fire Department of the Year.
Their service makes our community,

Pomeroy, Meigs County, and Ohio, a better place--and I could not be

more proud.
Congratulations to them on this well-deserved award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF THE HONORABLE CLAIRMONT JEROME ``POPS'' BARNES

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving

husband, outstanding father, proud grandfather, distinguished non-

commissioned officer, dedicated public official, faithful servant of

God, and friend of longstanding, The Honorable Clairmont Jerome

``Pops'' Barnes.
Sadly, Pops transitioned from labor to reward on April

14, 2024.
A public viewing was held on Wednesday April 23, 2024, at

Taylor Funeral Home in Phenix City, Alabama, and a memorial service to

celebrate his remarkable life was held on Thursday, April 25, 2024, at

the Revelation Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia.
The second oldest of five children, Clairmont Jerome Barnes was born

on June 10, 1943, to the union of the late Pauline White and the late

Eugene Barnes in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.