As their mission to serve others in the pursuit of

building perfection continues, JE Dunn has been vital in recent

developments such as the Kansas City Zoo and building the world's first

ever stadium for a women's pro sports team.
The impact of these

investments will have a positive ripple effect on our city and

community for generations to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing this

momentous celebration and thanking JE Dunn for their contributions to

the Greater Kansas City area and beyond.
It is a distinct privilege to

represent the JE Dunn Construction Group in the United States House of

Representatives.
I speak with the voice of Missouri's entire Fifth

Congressional District as we congratulate them and wish them many more

years of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KEITH VICK

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions that have been made in our community by one of my

constituents, Keith Vick, an active volunteer with Habitat for Humanity

of Citrus County since 2022.
In his first full year as a core

construction volunteer, Mr. Vick has already made an immense impact.
He

believes in providing a hand-up, not a hand out to partner families.
As

a U.S. Air Force Veteran and a retired first responder, Mr. Vick has

contributed 434 hours of volunteer time.
He leads by example!
Mr. Vick has become a favorite of the family partners because of his

compassion and willingness to share the skills he has acquired

throughout life.
As each home is completed, Mr. Vick takes it upon

himself to go through the final checklist, or ``punch list'', to make

sure homes are finished to the high standards set by Habitat.
Each day

Keith is out there, he's always in a great mood and ready to work and

help others.
He's around enough to know what needs to be done each day.
Part of what makes our country so great is the willingness of ordinary

Americans to go above and beyond to selflessly give back to others.
Volunteerism is one of the cornerstones of our society and part of the

fabric that unites us.
It is clear that Mr. Vick has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MIKE SUTTON

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr, Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Mike Sutton.
Mike has

served as the CEO for Habitat's for Humanity of Pinellas and West Pasco

since 2014.
When he arrived, the affiliate had built 280 homes in our

community.
That number is well over 850 today, with plans for a 900th

home celebration in early summer.
Under his leadership, the agency has

grown from 19 to 75 employees, allowing for sustainable and impressive

growth.
His organization has also been recognized as one of the top 3

producers of new home builds among all 1,100 Habitat affiliates in the

United States for several years in a row.
In addition to his work at

Habitat Pinellas and West Pasco, Mike is an active community member of

numerous organizations.
Mike is an active volunteer for the Valspar

Championship, the University of South Florida Alumni Association, the

Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity Education Foundation, and the Crohn's &

Colitis Foundation.
He has

served on the Board of Directors for the Nonprofit Leadership Center of

Tampa Bay, the Habitat for Humanity State Association of Florida, and

the Pinellas Park Chamber of Commerce.
He also serves on the Pasco

County Affordable Housing Advisory Committee and the Board of Directors

for Amplify Cleanwater, formerly known as the Clearwater Regional

Chamber of Commerce, which he chaired in 2020.