Because of his dedicated commitment to these

and other organizations he was the recipient of several awards to

include the Family Caregiver Award (2016); the Living Legends Award

(2018); the United States Postal Service Purple Heart Award (2019); the

Distinguished Older Georgian Award (2020); New Horizons Behavioral

Health Impact Award (2021); the Columbus State University (CSU) Legacy

Award (2023); the Columbus State University Alumni Award (2023); and

the River Valley Regional Commission Council Chairman Appreciation

Award (2023).
It has been said that ``The true person of success is not the person

that climbs the ladder of this life with both hands but who climbs with

one hand and reaches back with the other.''
Pops always reached back to

help others throughout his life and never shied away from an

opportunity to improve the quality of life for those in his community.
On a personal note, Pops Barnes was always available and forthcoming

regarding issues being considered by Congress.
He always gave me sound,

wise and honest advice.
For that I will be forever grateful.
Pops Barnes accomplished much in his life but none of it would have

been possible without the grace of God, the love and support of his

wife, Jannie Mae Barnes; his devoted children, Cheryl, Clairmont, Simi,

Mary, Robbi, Carla, Phydellis, and Bruce; thirteen grandchildren, and

nineteen great-grandchildren.
But through their love, inspiration and

support, Pops leaves a legacy that has made Columbus, our nation and

the world better because he passed this way.
join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the 765,000 people of

Georgia's Second Congressional District in celebrating the

extraordinary life of The Honorable Clairmont Jerome ``Pops'' Barnes

and in extending our deepest condolences to his family, friends, and

all who mourn his loss.
May we all be consoled and comforted by an

abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DANICA BARELA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Danica Barela

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Danica has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Danica, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Danica's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Danica Barela on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DENISE AIELLO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Denise Aiello, a

volunteer Peer Specialist with LifeStream Behavioral Center.
She works

with the citizens of Citrus County who have substance misuse disorders.
Denise focuses her efforts with pregnant mothers, meeting them at their

prenatal appointments, ensuring follow-up with maternity care, and

providing resources to address treatment needs, and other material

resources.
Denise also works closely with Citrus EMTs responding to

overdose calls as part of the CORe program, meeting consumers at the

emergency room to offer connections to substance misuse treatments

including MAT, counseling, or admission to residential treatment.
Denise will meet with the consumer at their home or outpatient

appointment to provide support, guidance, and assistance with

paperwork.
She will respond at night and on weekends if a call comes

in.
She is dedicated to helping others rehabilitate and recover.
She

will make repeated attempts to engage with a consumer, understanding

they might need time to recognize and accept that they need help.
Denise is an empathic and dedicated peer who is an asset to the

LifeStream family and to the residents of Citrus County.