Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kern Energy on its remarkable 90 years of service as a vital family-owned and operated transportation fuel producer in the Southern San Joaquin Valley.
Since its founding in 1934, Kern Energy has exemplified a resilient ``small but mighty'' ethos, continuously evolving to meet California's dynamic energy needs.
As the sole refinery producing gasoline and diesel between Los Angeles and the Bay Area, Kern Energy plays a crucial role in fueling both our state's agricultural heartland and its major transportation networks.
Today, they proudly contribute 1 percent of California's gasoline and 3 percent of its diesel supply.
Refining up to 27,000 barrels per day of crude oil and producing a wide range of ``California Clean'' renewable products, Kern Energy's team of 185 continues to proudly meet the transportation needs of the Central Valley and the state.
Kern Energy takes a pragmatic approach to producing the clean energy California needs now and in the future.
With a focus on driving down the carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel, reducing the environmental footprint of their facility, and innovating toward next-generation renewable fuels, their mission is both essential and commendable.
Throughout its history, Kern Energy has not only adapted to California's rigorous regulatory landscape but has thrived as an innovator in renewable fuel production.
A powerhouse for innovation, they were among the first in the Nation to produce renewable diesel through bio-feed co-processing and the first small refinery in our state to blend biodiesel, aligning with California's Low Carbon Fuel Standard and the Federal Renewable Fuel Standard.
Their efforts have resulted in over 58 million gallons of renewable diesel and 74 million gallons of biodiesel blended into their fuels.
Beyond their contributions to clean energy, Kern Energy has been a steadfast community partner, committed to both economic growth and environmental stewardship.
Over the years, Kern Energy has demonstrated a strong commitment to their workforce and the communities they serve, ensuring that their operations contribute positively to our region's prosperity.
As we celebrate Kern Energy's 90th anniversary, I commend them for their leadership in energy innovation and their dedication to preserving our community's quality of life.
Here's to another 90 years of excellence, job creation and sustainable solutions as Kern Energy continues to pave the way for a cleaner, brighter future for California.