Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart but fond memories that I rise today to pay tribute to the life and legacy of an extraordinary woman and my good friend, Vicki Modell.
Along with her husband, Fred, Vicki became a respected leader and fierce advocate for those diagnosed with Primary Immunodeficiency and their loved ones.
Though she will no longer be a daily presence in our lives, those fortunate enough to have known and worked with her will most certainly carry on her legacy.
In 1986, Vicki and Fred Modell lost their only son, Jeffrey, to Primary Immunodeficiency, a genetic disorder that leaves the body unable to fight off infections.
Not long after their son passed away, the Modells created the Jeffrey Modell Foundation--not to commemorate Jeffrey's death, but rather to celebrate his life by giving life to others who suffer from the same illness.
Today, the Foundation is a global organization devoted to early and precise diagnosis, meaningful treatments, and research toward a cure.
Vicki was the heart and soul of the Foundation, and its continued mission to meet its ultimate goal--to find a cure--is her legacy.
I first met Vicki and Fred when they came to me to advocate for increased federal investments in research.
From our very first meeting, I was impressed, not only with their determination but their passion.
They transformed the devastating loss of their child into a lifelong advocacy effort.
Today, the Jeffrey Modell Foundation is recognized as a respected voice for advocacy, education, and research.
I could not be more proud of the work we have done together to ensure federal investments in this critical work.
In one of many remembrances, Vicki's family recounted the story of Jeffrey asking his parents to ``do something.''
Through her work at the Foundation and her unwavering advocacy, that was just what Vicki did.
Whenever faced with challenges or obstacles, Vicki never took no for an answer--she just kept going.
In doing so she made such a difference in people's lives.
One of her favorite programs, Roots & Wings, provides lifesaving travel and related support to families whose child has