Ms. ROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the onehundredth birthday.
Henry Stanley Zaytoun, a significant figure in the North Carolina orthodontic community and beloved father, grandfather, and grandfather.
Henry turns one hundred on February 23, and he will be surrounded by his children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren.
Dr. Henry Zaytoun grew up in New Bern, North Carolina before enrolling at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he completed his pre-dental studies.
He subsequently attended the University of Maryland School.
After graduating from the V-12 Navy College Training Program, Henry went on active duty and served as a Naval Dental Officer at the U.S. Third Army Headquarters in Heidelberg, Germany.
Following his tour in Germany.
Henry married Martha Nassif of Wilson, North Carolina, and practiced general dentistry in Rocky Mount, North Carolina.
Henry returned to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to earn his M.S. in Orthodontics and moved to Raleigh in 1960 to establish his orthodontic practice, where he worked for the next 50 years.
He has steadfastly supported the UNC Adams School of Dentistry over the years, co-chairing the capital campaign to construct the building that houses the school, establishing an endowment for a Term Professorship in Orthodontics, and establishing the Henry S. and Martha N. Zaytoun Professionalism and Ethics Award.
In 2004, North Carolina Governor Mike Easley awarded Henry with The Order of the Long Leaf Pine, North Carolina's highest honor that acknowledges exemplary service to the state.
He has also been recognized for his support for the arts across the state, even endowing an associate principal trumpet chair for the North Carolina Symphony.
Henry is a beloved father to nine children, grandfather to 24, and great-grandfather to 15.
He has made significant contributions to the dental and orthodontic communities in North Carolina and has led a lifetime of extraordinary dedication to the Wake County and North Carolina communities.
I am pleased to celebrate his achievements as a community leader and philanthropist, and I wish him well in his next year of life.