Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department and the graduates of the 159th Recruit Class.
As they prepare to join the ranks of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, I encourage the 19 graduates to reflect on the history of the department and the contributions and dedication of the brave men and women who have served before them to protect our community.
The Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department's Recruit School consists of an extensive and demanding 24-week program.
In addition to two weeks of orientation, recruits completed nine weeks of EMT training and eleven weeks of fire suppression training.
Upon graduation, these recruits will be certified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the Virginia Department.
These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best Fire and Rescue Departments in the United States.
The efforts of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department have been recognized across this country.
Members from the Department serve on the elite VA Task Force 1, which is among the first units called to disaster zones to provide search and rescue support.
Members of that Task Force were recognized by the International Association of Fire Chiefs with the Benjamin Franklin Award for Valor as a result of their efforts in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes that struck Nepal in 2015.
Fairfax County is fortunate to have such excellent ambassadors for our community and I commend them for all that they have done to protect lives and property not only here in Fairfax County, but around the world.
As the newest members of the Fire and Rescue Department, the 159th Recruit Class graduates join the department as integral parts of our community's emergency response and public safety team.
I am confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of Fairfax County with honor and distinction.
It is my great honor to include in the Record the names of the 159th Recruit Class: Michael F. Bookwalter, Blair E. Cerino, Christopher Chong, Antonio JP.
Cipolta, Christopher N. Cognetta, Collin J. Fisher, Kevin J. Flannery, Joshua M. Ford, Imani Y. Gillen, Joseph T. House, Benjamin R. Klingaman, Jacob M. McCabe, Erick Mejia, Erik K. Muhlenhaupt, Nicholas D. Sirinek, Lloyd E. Turner, Jr., Joseph S. Uriarte, Ryan E. Victor, Mitchell J. Wadas.