schools in the state.
Former Grambling State University President Joseph B. Johnson credits him for helping to secure $300 million in state funding that enhanced campus facilities and introduced graduatelevel courses.
In the early 1980s, Todd became president of the local chapter of Operation Breadbasket and helped launch Operation PUSH, now known as the Rainbow PUSH Coalition.
He advocated for social change and economic empowerment.
When Harold Washington ran for mayor in 1983, Todd headed the campaign's speakers bureau and served as Washington's surrogate.
Because of his magnetism with audiences, he was often called on to warm up the crowd before Washington took the stage.
Todd had a deep voice with a mesmerizing cadence that resembled the voice.
His tone was powerful, fluctuating in waves and creating a fascinating rhythm.
A Chicago journalist once described Todd's speaking style as ``a deep, rhythmic growl that carried a sense conveyed a sense of urgency and anger about the present and the future.''
Todd's booming voice got the attention of the iconic hip-hop group Public Enemy, who incorporated Todd's voice as a powerful tool in their 1989 song ``Fight the Power'' for the first 16 seconds and also used his voice to sample ``Revolutionary Generation'' in 1990.
Todd is reputed to have delivered speeches at every historically black college in the country where he would encourage students to let verbs like give, serve, and help guide their actions but to lead their lives defined by nouns like courage, commitment, and compassion.
Tom Todd's journey was one of resilience, courage, and unwavering commitment to the principles of justice--challenging systemic injustices and uplifting marginalized communities.
Through powerful oration and bold, courageous advocacy, he fought to dismantle barriers to equality, promote minority-owned businesses, and advocate for fair employment practices.
Tom Todd transformed lives, empowered communities, and inspired a generation to stand up and fight for what is right.
He leaves a profound and impactful legacy of lasting change that continues to shape our Nation's path forward.