The overall answer for our country to this national security risk is

not to force any and all fabrication, repair and operation exclusively

into our country since that just compounds a problem we can't

effectively fix.
It is instead to cease rewarding our adversaries and

start incentivizing our international friends and allies to assist us

with our domestic merchant marine and related defense sealift needs.
Our Merchant Marine Allies Partnership Act addresses these problems

through a targeted, security-conscious realignment of incentives.
Specifically, the bill exempts the current 50 percent import duty on

major vessel modifications only if the work is performed in shipyards

located in allied or partner countries, such as Japan and South Korea--

nations with world-class maritime industries and deep national security

alignment with the United States.
It allows ships constructed in those

allied countries to qualify for the U.S. domestic (coastwise) trade

under a limited Jones Act exemption, thereby expanding access to

modern, secure and cost-effective vessels without subsidizing

adversarial economies.
Finally, the legislation establishes a regulated

pathway for foreign-built, foreign-crewed vessels operated by companies

from allied nations to participate in the U.S. coastwise trade under

clearly defined national security safeguards.
This legislation does not repeal or abandon the Jones Act.
It

restores the law to its intended purpose--to serve as a foundation for

national resilience, industrial strength and strategic security, rather

than being hijacked by the hypocritical umbrella of national defense at

the expense of increased costs of consumer goods across the country.
It

recognizes that modern maritime commerce is global, but that global

alignment must be rooted in trust, shared values and common defense.
By

partnering with our allies and closing loopholes that empower our

adversaries, this bill protects the U.S. supply chain, reduces security

vulnerabilities and ensures that the Jones Act serves our people, our

economy, and our military, not just corporate bottom lines.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford to continue defending a system that

fails to defend us.
The Merchant Marine Allies Partnership Act is a

bipartisan, commonsense step toward maritime policy that reflects 21st-

century challenges and opportunities.
I urge my colleagues to support

this legislation and update our maritime policy to modern world

reality.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE TRANSPORTATION EMERGENCY RELIEF EXTENSION ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to introduce the

``Transportation Emergency Relief Extension Act'' to safeguard federal

funding for disaster-recovery projects.
I thank U.S. Senator Alex

Padilla (D-CA) and U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) for sponsoring the

companion legislation and my colleague, Congressman Doug LaMalfa (R-CA)

for cosponsoring the bill.
I also want to thank the California

Department of Transportation and the Texas Department of Transportation

for their support of this critical legislation.
Americans across the country are facing increasingly frequent and

severe floods and wildfires due to the climate crisis.
When disasters

strike, our communities deserve nothing less than the full support of

their federal government.
The ``Transportation Emergency Relief

Extension Act'' will ensure state and local governments have adequate

time to fully utilize federal funds awarded to repair roads and

infrastructure damaged by disasters.
Current U.S. Department of Transportation regulations allow the

federal government to claw back ``emergency relief'' funding for

highway projects if those projects do not reach construction within 2

fiscal years.
The ``Transportation Emergency Relief Extension Act''

would repeal this regulatory deadline and provide up to 6 years for

projects awarded these funds to advance to construction.
The new 6-year

deadline would start following the date on which a disaster was

declared by the respective state's governor or the president.
Mr. Speaker, I hope that any surface transportation reauthorization

bill this Congress will include the ``Transportation Emergency Relief

Extension Act.''
As a member of the Committee on Transportation and

Infrastructure, I am working with my fellow colleagues deliver this

critical priority for our communities.