AJM appreciates and preserves jazz as an art form, with all

its whims and caprices.
The museum showcases legendary musicians;

Charlie Parker, Ella Fitzgerald, and countless others who have played a

pivotal part in composing the symphony ofAmerican jazz.
Beyond

recounting the rich history of jazz in the United States, AJM carries

the art form into the modern era by offering jazz instruction to middle

and high school students and orchestrating The Blue Room, a jazz club

that hosts professional artists and community jam sessions.
These contributions could not come to fruition without an outstanding

conductor ensuring all the pieces move together in harmony.
That is

where Dr. Dina Bennett has so spectacularly shined.
As an employee of

AJM for nearly five years and now its Director, Dr. Bennett, has

orchestrated the success of many remarkable exhibits at the museum.
To

mark their 25th anniversary, the museum created a timeline of jazz that

allowed visitors to engage and share their own memories and moments in

history, creating a community record of jazz in Kansas City.
Dr Bennett

also worked on an exhibit that partnered with Disney to examine the

significance of the movie Soul and incorporated an interactive piano

for guests to play themselves.
In these examples and many more, the

skill and influence of Dr. Bennett resound.
She has been instrumental

in maintaining and refining our beloved American Jazz Museum that

Kansas City enjoys today.
Dr. Bennett has set AJM on a new course, one

that will strum new engagement with jazz and its cultural wellspring,

while supporting the never-ending transformation of the art form in

Kansas City and beyond.
The time, effort, and sacrifice that Dr. Bennett has invested in the

museum will not be forgotten and her impact will continue to ring

through AJM and our 18th and Vine District for many years to come.
With

a surplus of gratitude, we thank her and watch with anticipation as she

continues to be a formative voice in the legacy of jazz and Black

music.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FIRE CAPTAIN DONALD VILLARD

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the incredible dedication

and service of Fire Captain Donald Villard of Dearborn's Fire

Department and well wishes on his upcoming retirement.
Captain Villard started his service with the Dearborn Fire Department

on June 8, 1999.
Since then, Captain Villard has served as Firefighter

1 and Firefighter 2, from there serving as Fire Engineer and six years

later promoted to Fire Lieutenant for three years.
Since 2019, Donald

Villard has served as Fire Captain for the City of Dearborn.
In his

tenure with the department, he's received many accolades including the

John D. Dingell Medal of Freedom Memorial Commendation and Fire Chief

Unit Commendation and has been awarded the Safe Driving Award over five

times.
His awards received are a reflection of his continued dedication

and commitment to ensuring our communities are safe and protected.
Please join me in recognizing the outstanding service and

contributions of Fire Captain, Donald Villard, on his well-deserved

retirement.
The 12th Congressional District thanks him for his service

to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SARNOVA'S NEW DUBLIN, OHIO, HEADQUARTERS

HON.
MIKE CAREY

Mr. CAREY.
Mr. Speaker, this is a great time to celebrate, and I want

to offer specific thanks.
First, I would like to recognize Dublin Mayor Chris Amorose Groomes

for her leadership and making this community a hub for companies,

workers, and families to settle in.
I would also like to thank Sarnova's CEO Brian LaDuke for investing

further in our community and seeing the untapped potential here in

Dublin.
For those of you who don't know, my team and I have been working with

Sarnova for years, and the longer we've worked together, the better

results we've delivered for Central Ohio.
Today is a testament to that.