From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP EARL JEROME WRIGHT, JR.,
PHD

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District honors

the remarkable life and legacy of Bishop Earl Jerome Wright, Jr., PhD.

A faithful servant, devoted pastor, and beloved leader in the Church Of

God In Christ, Bishop Wright has left behind a legacy rooted in

ministry, scholarship, and love.
Bishop Wright served with distinction as the Prelate of the Turks and

Caicos Islands Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction and as pastor of Loving

Restoration Ministries and Greater Miller Memorial Church Of God In

Christ.
His ministry was grounded in compassion, community, and

unwavering dedication to God's people.
As the son of the late Bishop

Earl J. Wright, Sr.,
and Mother Geraldine Marvell Miller Wright, and

the grandson of the late Bishop U.E. Miller, a foundational leader of

the Church and architect of the historic Mason Temple in Memphis,

Tennessee, he continued a rich legacy of faith and service.
Our prayers and heartfelt condolences are with his beloved wife Lady

Elaine P. Wright, PhD, sons Earl Jerome Wright, III and Edmund Wright,

and the entire Wright family.
May his memory be a blessing, and may we

carry forward the light he so faithfully shared with the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF SHIRLEY BAILEY

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District

celebrates the incredible life of Shirley Bailey, a beloved wife,

mother, grandmother, sister, and friend.
Shirley was born on December

12, 1936, in New Orleans, Louisiana, to the late Clent and Beulah Cook.
Her family moved to Detroit when she was a toddler.
On May 22, 2025,

Shirley peacefully made her transition, leaving behind a legacy of

grace, kindness, and devotion to family and faith.
She met her husband Kenneth at Northeastern High School; their 70-

year marriage brought forth Kenneth Jr., Robert, and Traci.
Shirley was

known for her warm smile, legendary meals, and dedication to St.

Charles Borromeo Catholic Church.
She is survived by her husband Kenneth Sr.,
her children, a special

daughter Barbara Cook-Dent, sister Elaine Williamson, sister-in-law

Gloria Peters, 12 grandchildren, 10 great-grandchildren, and many loved

ones.
Shirley Bailey will be deeply missed, but her spirit lives on in

the lives she touched.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE MERCHANT MARINE ALLIES PARTNERSHIP ACT

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleague Congressman

Jim Moylan of Guam, in highlighting the urgent need to modernize U.S.

maritime policy through our Merchant Marine Allies Partnership Act,

which we have introduced to realign federal incentives in our domestic

shipping industry away from adversaries, such as the People's Republic

of China (PRC), and toward our trusted allies with proven mainline

capacity, such as Japan and South Korea.
Our measure directly responds to the real-world consequences of

gaping loopholes in the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, better known as

the Jones Act, which restricts domestic shipping including routes

between the U.S. West Coast and Hawaii to vessels that are U.S.-built,

U.S.-flagged, U.S.-owned and U.S.-crewed.
The rationale for this

ancient and outdated restriction has always been argued as national

security, to maintain a strong U.S. shipbuilding industry and merchant

fleet capable of supporting the military in times of conflict.
But today that argument, if it has any merit at all, is being

dangerously undermined, and not by our adversaries, but by the very

companies benefiting from the monopolistic protections of the Jones

Act.
Specifically, Jones Act loopholes allow for supposedly minor parts

fabrication and supposedly minor repairs to be conducted in foreign

shipyards using foreign workers with no condition or restriction as to

country.
But these are not minor parts but whole sections, and not

minor repairs but full retrofits.