Title: CELEBRATING A CENTURY OF SUCCESS AS CREIGHTON BROTHERS LLC TURNS 100; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
133

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING A CENTURY OF SUCCESS AS CREIGHTON BROTHERS LLC TURNS 100

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

milestone for a family-run business that has been a cornerstone of

Indiana agriculture for a century, Creighton Brothers LLC.
This year, Creighton Brothers is celebrating 100 years in business, a

legacy that began in 1925 when Hobart and Russell Creighton started a

modest egg operation with just 2,500 hens.
Over the last century, this operation has grown into one of the most

respected and vertically integrated egg producers in the country, with

more than 3 million laying hens, feed production on 10,000 acres of

farmland, and distribution to customers nationwide.
What makes this story truly special isn't just the scale of their

growth, but the fact that

Creighton Brothers is still proudly family-owned.
Today, over 180

family members are connected to the business; such a level of

generational commitment is rare, and it speaks volumes about the values

on which this company was built.
Over the years, Creighton Brothers has faced its fair share of

challenges.
Still, through it all, they've stuck to their principles:

producing safe, high-quality food, caring for their employees, and

supporting the local community.
Just last month, the town of Mentone honored Creighton Brothers as

the Grand Marshal of the Egg Festival Parade, celebrating ``100 Years

of Egg-cellence.''
It's clear how deeply rooted this business is in our

community, and we take immense pride in their success.
As we reflect on what it takes to keep a business running strong for

100 years, we see that it requires hard work, innovation, and an

unshakable commitment to people.
I want to congratulate everyone at

Creighton Brothers on achieving this remarkable milestone.
Here's to the next 100 years of continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARRELL McNARY COLLINS

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great admiration and deep respect

that I honor Mr. Darrell McNary Collins.
Mr. Collins was a national

treasure and has cemented himself as an Outer Banks icon though his

work as a Historian at the Wright Brothers National Memorial where he

shared the magnificent story of the ``Miracle at Kitty Hawk''.
A faithful student to the history of the Wright Brothers, his over 40

years of learning and research led to him becoming one of the top 3

Wright Brothers historians in the world.
He shared the stories of the

rich history of the Outer Banks, including that of his family legacy as

part of the Freedmen's Colony and the African American history on

Roanoke Island.
But Mr. Collins was much more than a historian.
He cared deeply about

his hometown of Manteo and its residents.
He was appointed to his late

mother's Town of Manteo Commissioner seat upon her death in 2006,

serving for the next 18 years.
The town honored his dedication by

officially declaring December 17th as the ``Honorable Darrell Collins

Day'' to coincide with the Anniversary of Flight.
Mr. Collins also served on the Town's Planning Board and was a past

President of Dare Home Health and Hospice End of Life Coalition, as

well as the founder and President of the Pea Island Preservation

Society, Inc.

In 2003, Mr. Collins was personally presented with ``The Order of the

Long Leaf Pine'' from then Governor Mike Easley, earning the state's

highest honor for those who have made significant contributions to the

state and their communities.
For his whole life Mr. Darrell McNary Collins has dedicated himself

to the Outer Banks's history, its people, and its future.
His

contributions are immeasurable, and his legacy will have a lasting

impact on the people of Dare County.