Mr. Collins also served on the Town's Planning Board and was a past

President of Dare Home Health and Hospice End of Life Coalition, as

well as the founder and President of the Pea Island Preservation

Society, Inc.

In 2003, Mr. Collins was personally presented with ``The Order of the

Long Leaf Pine'' from then Governor Mike Easley, earning the state's

highest honor for those who have made significant contributions to the

state and their communities.
For his whole life Mr. Darrell McNary Collins has dedicated himself

to the Outer Banks's history, its people, and its future.
His

contributions are immeasurable, and his legacy will have a lasting

impact on the people of Dare County.
May we remember all of the

contributions Mr. Collins has made to the Outer Banks, Dare County, and

the great state of North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
DINA BENNETT FOR HER DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE

AMERICAN JAZZ MUSEUM

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Dina Bennett,

Director and visionary of the American Jazz Museum (AJM), as she bids

farewell to the iconic institution and transitions to new professional

ambitions.
Dr. Bennett's dedication to sustaining, cultivating, and celebrating

music has echoed throughout her life.
Growing up in a music family,

music was always around her; her father was in a band with her uncle,

and as a young girl she attended the Fun Factory of the Arts, a program

that aimed to nurture the talents of children with an interest in

music.
The camp not only gave her a space to begin exploring the

artistry of music, but it recognized a capacity within her that was

needed to sing.
As a result, she was offered a scholarship for piano

lessons, which gave her a consistent and formal setting to refine her

skills.
In addition to her love for music, service was an equal part of

her life, starting with sharing her newfound expertise in piano.
She

went on to become a Minister of Music at her Baptist church, playing

for Sunday school, for the choir, and for her dad before sermon.
Once Dr. Bennett hit thirty, her childhood passion began to beat

louder, and she decided it could no longer be a side-gig, music and the

arts would be her contribution to the world.
This led her to pursue her

PhD in Folklore and Ethnomusicology, with a minor in African American

and African Diaspora Studies at Indiana University.
Dr. Bennett chose

to study jazz; her fieldwork and dissertation took her, not to the

birthplace of jazz, but to where it was raised: Kansas City.
She did

her anthropological work in the 18th and Vine District, and it is

beyond fitting that her career in museum curation led her back to our

beloved Jazz District, starting as Deputy Director of AJM and leaving

as Director.
AJM is a cultural touchstone of Kansas City and a beacon of the Black

community, history and legacy.
As Dr. Bennett says, ``In African

American music, music is part of everything from birth to the grave.''
The strength of jazz is in its variability, in riffs and chord changes

that demand improvisation and invention.
Its melodies can serve as an

anthem of joy, a requiem of pain, and a force of creativity and

evolution.
AJM appreciates and preserves jazz as an art form, with all

its whims and caprices.
The museum showcases legendary musicians;

Charlie Parker, Ella Fitzgerald, and countless others who have played a

pivotal part in composing the symphony ofAmerican jazz.
Beyond

recounting the rich history of jazz in the United States, AJM carries

the art form into the modern era by offering jazz instruction to middle

and high school students and orchestrating The Blue Room, a jazz club

that hosts professional artists and community jam sessions.