I would also like to thank Sarnova's CEO Brian LaDuke for investing

further in our community and seeing the untapped potential here in

Dublin.
For those of you who don't know, my team and I have been working with

Sarnova for years, and the longer we've worked together, the better

results we've delivered for Central Ohio.
Today is a testament to that.
Our relationship has resulted in more

jobs and productivity in the community.
As a national leader in equipping our first responders, Sarnova has

been critical to saving lives.
I'm sure the first responders using

their equipment on a daily basis would agree.
Whether it's police officers, firefighters, or EMS workers, Sarnova

has been there to make their jobs easier.
But I firmly believe the best

is yet to come for Sarnova, for Dublin, and for all of Central Ohio.
As the new facility opens, I can't wait to see what will happen here

in the months and years to come.
I want to thank them all, and I look forward to coming and visiting

soon.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 10TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF PASTOR SALTERS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District honors

Pastor Salters

on the 10th anniversary of her dedicated service to New Wine Ministries

International.
Her ministry is located on James Couzens, and Pastor

Salters is a proud resident of Michigan's 12th Congressional District

and a steadfast supporter of community empowerment.
Her tireless advocacy for single mothers, families, and the unhoused

has transformed lives through a vibrant community pantry, back-to-

school drives, and her ``Somebody Loves You Committee,'' which

distributes food, clothing, and toiletries to those in need.
Pastor

Salters leads with faith and compassion, providing financial literacy

programs, Easter baskets, and Christmas gifts for children across the

district.
Her leadership reflects the very best of our community:

generosity, service, and deep love for her neighbors.
I congratulate Pastor Salters on this incredible milestone and thank

her for her unwavering dedication to uplifting those she is called to

serve.
May her ministry continue to thrive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE BASQUE-AMERICAN COMMUNITY AND TRADITION

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

rich cultural traditions of the Basque people and to reaffirm the

enduring friendship between the Basque Country and the United States.
This year marks the long-awaited return of Jaialdi, one of the largest

Basque festivals in the world and the largest of its kind in the United

States.
For the first time in over a decade, thousands from around the world

are gathering in Boise, Idaho, to celebrate Basque culture through

food, music, dance, and community.
Jaialdi--meaning ``festival'' in the

Basque language--is a joyous and spirited celebration of heritage and

identity.
As one of only two Basque Americans to ever serve in Congress, I am

proud to celebrate Basque identity and tradition.
Throughout my career,

I have remained committed to strengthening the bond between the United

States and the Basque Country.
It is a friendship rooted in shared

values, democratic ideals, perseverance, and dedication to community.
I was honored to play a role in bringing a sapling of the Tree of

Gernika--an enduring symbol of Basque freedom and resilience--to the

grounds of the U.S. Capitol.
The Basque-American community has long

enriched the fabric of our Nation, and events like Jaialdi are a

testament to its contributions.
As Jaialdi returns to Boise this summer, I offer my warmest

congratulations to the organizers, participants, and all who celebrate.
May the friendship between the United States and the Basque people

remain strong for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF BETTY J. HOWARD, MSN, RN

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.