Title: HONORING THE SESQUICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF TEXARKANA, TEXAS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
199

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SESQUICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF TEXARKANA, TEXAS

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th

anniversary of Texarkana, Texas.
On December 8, 2023, the City of Texarkana celebrates its

sesquicentennial anniversary--that's 150 years of bringing together the

best that Texas and Arkansas have to offer.
Two states, one city.
It's

twice as nice.
And, it is a great place to call home.
This remarkable

milestone is a testament to the values, resilience, culture, and rich

heritage of the citizens of Texarkana for fifteen decades.
Since its founding in 1873, Texarkana has grown from a small

settlement along the Texas-Arkansas border to a thriving city that

stands as a beacon of innovation, progress, and unity.
The city's

commitment to fostering a strong sense of community and preserving its

unique State Line heritage is unsurpassed.
From its vibrant

manufacturing and industrial base, support for the Red River Army

Depot, and its deep roots in agriculture to its investments in

education, health care, technology, infrastructure, and planning,

Texarkana stands as a shining example of what can be achieved when a

community comes together with a shared vision and a commitment to

excellence.
I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing and celebrating the

150th anniversary of Texarkana's founding.
Congratulations to Texarkana

on this momentous milestone.
May the next 150 years be filled with

continued growth and prosperity.
Happy anniversary, Texarkana.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OSCAR ORTIZ'S COMMENDATION

HON.
DELIA C. RAMIREZ

Mrs. RAMIREZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of my dear friend and constituent, Oscar Ortiz, a devoted organizer and

champion for educational equity.
Oscar was a visionary: he fought for a

just, inclusive future where everyone thrives.
He was a beloved

husband, father, brother, son, and respected member of the Illinois

Third Congressional District community.
Born in our great City of Chicago on April 21, 1962, to Benito and

Mirta Ortiz, Oscar dedicated his life to empowering our community

through education.
He believed that education was a powerful tool to

build a just future.
He knew education could unlock our collective

potential and enable us to realize our dreams.
With that in mind, Ortiz

became an elementary and high school teacher, helping our young people

find their power and joy in learning.
Whether it was at Jahn and Lowell

Elementary Schools or Jefferson Alternative School, el maestro Ortiz

was always present for all his students, their parents, and faculty.
His desire to serve our community and defend public education in

Chicago led him to join the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) in May 2003,

where he quickly became a committed and active member, never missing a

meeting or event.
There, Oscar served as a sergeant-at-arms, as the

Lowell delegate, and as a member of the Legislative Committees, always

with the intention of advancing social justice and equity through

education.
Oscar generously committed his time on earth to countless social

justice causes.
He believed in the power of organized communities and

worked tirelessly to build a better future for Chicago and our nation.
I, personally, will miss his calls to action and the way he could stir

our passions and stoke our courage on the bullhorn at direct actions.
May his passion for change and love of community always guide us.
I

will miss him dearly, and I know that countless others will, too.
He

was a true, loyal friend.
His wife, Sabina; sons, Gabriel and Daniel; brother Ed; parents,

Benito and Mirta; all his loved ones, and to the entire CTU family, are

in my heart and in my prayers.