It's a shame that an undefeated team, who earned every bit of their

perfect season, won't get a shot in the College Football Playoffs.
Make

no mistake, Florida's Second Congressional District knows our Seminoles

are champions even if the selection committee denies them a chance to

prove it.
I congratulate Florida State University on a perfect season.
I thank

them for playing with their hearts and making our district proud.
Go

Noles.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JEANICE SWIFT'S SERVICE TO THE CHILDREN OF ANN ARBOR

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. Dingell.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeanice Swift,

Superintendent of the Ann Arbor Public School system in Ann Arbor, MI

for a decade of tremendous service.
Her daily passion and drive to

improve the educational opportunities for all our area's children is

worthy of commendation.
Dr. Swift came to AAPS in 2013 with more experience than most gain in

a lifetime.
She earned a Bachelors and Masters in Education, as well as

her Ph.D. in Educational Leadership.
Before she arrived in Michigan,

Dr. Swift spent almost 30 years working her way up the educational

ladder, beginning as a classroom teacher in Texas before moving to

Colorado Springs, CO.
There, she was Assistant Principal, Principal,

and Executive Director of her school district before taking the role as

Assistant Superintendent.
Since coming on as Superintendent of AAPS in August of 2013, Dr.

Swift has been a great asset to our students.
Her tenure has seen an

increase in graduation rates, SAT scores, and a substantial reduction

in suspension rates across the district.
Under her leadership, AAPS

made significant expansions to its preschool and early learning

programs as well as the adoption of a comprehensive LGBTQ policy.
Dr. Swift's strong leadership on behalf of our children cannot be

understated.
In 2017, she was named as a Superintendent to Watch by the

National School Public Relations Association and in 2018 she was named

as the Michigan Superintendent of the Year.
In 2019, she worked on and

successfully passed a $1 billion capitol bond for the district, the

largest the state had seen in almost 30 years.
Faced with an

unprecedented pandemic, Dr. Swift successfully navigated the district

through two school years of staffing challenges, safety protocols, and

a transition to remote-virtual schooling.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating all

that Dr. Swift was able to accomplish for the children of Ann Arbor

over her decade at the helm of AAPS.
Her work has set AAPS with a

stronger base and a promising future.
We wish her the best of luck in

her future endeavors.
I thank Dr. Swift.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KERREEN CONLEY'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF BELLEVILLE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kerreen Conley

as she ends her twelve-year tenure as Mayor of the City of Belleville,

Michigan after serving her local Wayne County community for over three

decades.
Her tremendous dedication to public service while also

maintaining a full-time career is impressive and worthy of

commendation.
Kerreen graduated from Central Michigan University with a Bachelor of

Science in Business Administration and Management before pursuing

Master's degrees in Business Administration (MBA) and in Human

Resources and Organizational Development from Eastern Michigan

University.
She began her decades of public service in 1990, working as

Controller for the City of Ypsilanti before becoming Belleville City

Manager in 1995 and Novi's Director of Developmental Services in 1998.
Kerreen was successfully elected to the Belleville City Council in

2000, and was elected as the City's Mayor in late 2011.
After serving

three consecutive terms, she decided not to seek re-election and plans

to dedicate her full attention to Human Resources Consulting when her

political tenure draws to a close.
Kerreen can look back on an accomplished mayoral record that truly

benefitted her community.