Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sara E.

Hill, and John David Russell, both to be a United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

Oklahoma, and Ramona Villagomez Manglona, to be Judge

for the District Court for the Northern Mariana

Islands.
11 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Kurt

Campbell, of the District of Columbia, to be Deputy

Secretary of State, and other pending nominations.
DECEMBER 12

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 1281, to amend the Omnibus

Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to provide for

security of tenure for use of mining claims for

ancillary activities, and S. 1742, to modify the

requirements applicable to locatable minerals on public

domain land.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF MIKE DAVIN AND HIS SERVICE TO THE FIFTH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF OHIO

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of my

staff, Mike Davin, who will be leaving our office this week.
Hailing originally from Philadelphia, Mike has dedicated his career

to public service.
Mike has worked on behalf of the people of Ohio's

Fifth District for the past ten years, where he moved up through the

ranks from Intern to Legislative Director.
He has worked tirelessly to

advance common-sense energy policies, recognize deserving veterans, and

streamline government regulations.
Recently, Mike was a critical part in ensuring members of the U.S.

Army's 720th Military Police Battalion who served our nation in the

Vietnam War received a Bronze Star for their service.
As Legislative

Director, Mike has instilled a sense of comradery in the office,

showcasing the positive impact of working together.
Mike is a loving father and husband, and I know that as he enters

this next chapter in his career, he will have the love of his family

supporting him along the way.
I am eternally grateful for Mike's work on behalf of the District and

our Nation, and I wish him and his family the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING MY 2023 FALL INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO ILLINOIS' 13TH

DISTRICT

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my profound

gratitude and appreciation for the incredible dedication and hard work

of the interns who have supported our office during the 2023 fall

semester.
I have been honored to work with Madison Barr, Rochelle

Williams, Thomas Greco, Jameel Muhammad, and Colin Bellows in my

Washington office and Cameron Shivley in my Belleville office.
Each of

these special and talented individuals has brought new perspectives and

an

incredible work ethic to our office.
I am inspired by their dedication

to service and helping the people of Central and Southern Illinois.
I thank Madison, Rochelle, Thomas, Jameel, Colin, and Cameron for

their service.
I wish them all the best as they continue their

professional and academic journeys.