Congresswoman Watson became a vocal leader on issues related to

racism and xenophobia, supporting reparations for descendants of

enslaved Americans, educational system reform, and a comprehensive

overhaul of the nation's criminal justice system.
She also called out

the rise of Islamophobia following the 9/11 attacks.
Her tenure as a

legislator demonstrated a dedication to creating legislation and

initiatives for the betterment of all.
Throughout her career, Congresswoman Watson was a trailblazer,

building a legacy of mentorship, leadership, and strength for others to

emulate in their own public service careers.
I am honored to commemorate her impact on communities throughout

California and the United States.
I hope you will join me in wishing

Congresswoman Diane Watson a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, December 5, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 6

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Wall Street

firms.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine Infrastructure Investment and

Jobs Act investments in habitat and ecosystem

restoration, pollinators, and wildlife crossings.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine transnational repression,

focusing on authoritarians targeting dissenters abroad.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Hampton

Y. Dellinger, of North Carolina, to be Special Counsel,

Office of Special Counsel, and Henry J. Kerner, of

Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems

Protection Board.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine sovereign asset confiscation

for Ukrainian victory.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine fentanyl in

Native communities, focusing on Federal perspectives on

the growing crisis.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine the status of Department of

Defense recruiting efforts and plans for fiscal year

2024.
DECEMBER 7

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of J. Todd

Inman, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the National

Transportation Safety Board, and routine lists in the

Coast Guard.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sara E.

Hill, and John David Russell, both to be a United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

Oklahoma, and Ramona Villagomez Manglona, to be Judge

for the District Court for the Northern Mariana

Islands.
11 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Kurt

Campbell, of the District of Columbia, to be Deputy

Secretary of State, and other pending nominations.
DECEMBER 12

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 1281, to amend the Omnibus

Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to provide for

security of tenure for use of mining claims for

ancillary activities, and S. 1742, to modify the

requirements applicable to locatable minerals on public

domain land.