I

will miss him dearly, and I know that countless others will, too.
He

was a true, loyal friend.
His wife, Sabina; sons, Gabriel and Daniel; brother Ed; parents,

Benito and Mirta; all his loved ones, and to the entire CTU family, are

in my heart and in my prayers.
Together, as we mourn his passing, let

us celebrate the blessing he was in all of our lives, the impact he had

on our community, and the mark he has left in our great City of

Chicago.
Oscar vive, la lucha sigue.
Rest in power, Oscar.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHARLENE MAHER

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, since 2016 Charlene Maher has served as the

president and CEO of Blue Cross of Idaho.
Charlene came to Idaho with

decades of experience in multiple different facets of the healthcare

industry.
This broad range of understanding has made her an invaluable

asset to the company and to Idaho's larger business community.
As a trained nurse herself, Charlene is keenly aware of the

importance of ensuring communities have quality and affordable

healthcare options.
Her innovative approach and her dedication to

improving access to healthcare for all Idahoans has truly distinguished

Charlene as a leader in the industry, as evidenced by her seat on the

Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Board of Directors, her time as

president of the Idaho Association of Health Plans, her participation

as a member of the Boise Metro Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors,

and her contributions to various other state and national industry

groups.
Charlene's contribution to Idaho's healthcare landscape throughout

her time as CEO of Blue Cross of Idaho has been immense.
I am grateful

for her work and wish her the best of luck in her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHARLES J. HARDY FOR BECOMING A KNIGHT OF THE LEGION OF

FRANCE

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Charles J.

Hardy for being named a Knight of the Legion of Honor, France's highest

civilian honor.
Hardy joined the 282nd Engineer Combat Battalion on July 16, 1943,

and was one of many brave soldiers who risked their lives during the

Second World War.
He fought valiantly in the battle of Saint-Malo and

captured enemy submarine pens throughout his time on the Western front.
He also contributed to the liberation of the Ardennes, the Rhineland,

Central Europe, and France.
During these grueling compaigns, Hardy

consistently demonstrated fearlessness and determination.
Today, Hardy will be remembered and honored for his courageous

service 79 years ago by receiving France's highest honor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL'S UNDEFEATED SEASON

HON.
NEAL P. DUNN-

Mr. DUNN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

undefeated Florida State University Seminole football team, who

recently secured the 2023 ACC Championship title.
Under Head Coach Mike Norvell's leadership, the Seminoles are 13-0

despite a devastating injury that prematurely ended the collegiate

career of Quarterback Jordan Travis.
This team plays with their hearts,

and it shows.
Throughout this season, they've displayed incredible

grit, determination, and perseverance even when the odds were against

them.
Sadly, the College Football Playoff Selection Committee failed to

recognize this team's incredible talent by excluding them from the

2023-24 College Football Playoffs.
This was a devastating blow to the

team and the city of Tallahassee, who proudly displayed the Seminole

spirit all season.
It's a shame that an undefeated team, who earned every bit of their

perfect season, won't get a shot in the College Football Playoffs.
Make

no mistake, Florida's Second Congressional District knows our Seminoles

are champions even if the selection committee denies them a chance to

prove it.
I congratulate Florida State University on a perfect season.