That is

why the House has already passed bipartisan legislation, and the Biden

Administration has streamlined the process for certain categories of

geothermal projects.
I secured community project funding for a

Geothermal Heat Pump to replace the inefficient natural gas-based

system at St. Paul's Como Park Zoo and Conservatory.
However, we must

ensure that when geothermal projects impact our federal resources, they

go through our federal review process.
The Bureau of Land Management,

who overseas our federal subsurface areas, is concerned that this bill

would undermine their ability to ensure public safety, to uphold

environmental laws, to consult with tribal nations, and to fulfill

their core mission of managing our natural resources for multiple use.
I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing both these misguided

bills and protecting public review of projects that impact our public

resources.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF BARRY MELANCON

HON.
STEVE SCALISE

Mr. SCALISE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my fellow

Louisianan, Barry Melancon, who is retiring after 30 years from his

role as President and CEO of the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) and

CEO of the Association of International Certified Professional

Accountants.
Barry Melancon has dedicated his 41-year career to the accounting

profession, Mr. Melancon began his role in 1995 at the age of 37, which

made him the youngest CEO in the organization's history and now the

longest serving CEO of AICPA.
Mr. Melancon's professional career began

in Louisiana where he practiced as a CPA, eventually leading the

Society of Louisiana CPAs before beginning his leadership role at

AICPA.
Mr. Melancon achieved an impressive number of accomplishments for

his work on behalf of the accounting profession.
In addition to

testifying before Congress, Accounting Today named Barry Melancon the

Most Influential Person in Accounting for 17 consecutive years, as well

as the National Association Executive of the Year.
Mr. Melancon has

served as a member of AICPA's delegation to the International

Federation of Accountants, board member of the U.S. Chamber of

Commerce's Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, board member of

the Center for Audit Quality, chair of XBRL-US, and board chairman of

the Global Accounting Alliance.
Barry Melancon also received an

Honorary Doctorate of Commerce from his alma mater, Nicholls State

University, and was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award from the

2023 International Accounting Forum and Awards.
It is my honor to recognize Barry Melancon for his passion,

longstanding dedication, and leadership in the accounting profession.
I

am proud that a fellow Louisianan has played such a nationally

prominent role in advancing innovation in his industry and mentoring a

new generation of leaders.
I commend Barry Melancon for his many years

of dedicated service and wish him the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO FREDERICK P. KESSLER

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

extraordinary life and service of Frederick P. Kessler.
It is with a

heavy heart that I share the news of his passing on November 12, 2024.
I extend my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and the many

people in our community whose lives he touched.
Fred's remarkable career began in this very chamber, where, as a high

school student, he acted as a Page in the United States House of

Representatives.
By the time he was 20 years old, Fred had been elected

to the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Throughout this time, he played a

pivotal role in achieving compromise during Wisconsin's redistricting

battles of the 1960s.
Fred used his position to advocate for equal

education, election reform, civil liberties, and fair housing.
In the

midst of his public service, he earned both a bachelor's degree from

the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a law degree from the

University of Wisconsin Law School.