Throughout this time, he played a

pivotal role in achieving compromise during Wisconsin's redistricting

battles of the 1960s.
Fred used his position to advocate for equal

education, election reform, civil liberties, and fair housing.
In the

midst of his public service, he earned both a bachelor's degree from

the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a law degree from the

University of Wisconsin Law School.
Following the end of the legislative session in 1972, Fred was

appointed to a judgeship in Milwaukee County.
After working on the

Wisconsin Legislative Council Committee on Court Reorganization in

1978, Fred was appointed as a circuit judge for Milwaukee County.
He

served with distinction for 10 years, upholding the law and

administering justice to the people of Milwaukee.
In 2004, Fred returned to the Wisconsin State Assembly for 14 more

years.
During this period, Fred once again championed critical reforms

in Wisconsin's criminal justice system, elections, and federal

relations.
Fred's dedication to justice will be dearly missed.
His

unwavering commitment to public service fills me with honor in

recognizing his incredible career and passion for creating a more equal

and just nation.
I have long admired Fred's dedication to improving the world around

him.
His legacy is one of selfless service, a steadfast pursuit of

justice, and a profound care for others.
Fred's life was defined by his

compassion, his integrity, and his unwavering belief in the power of

public service to make a meaningful difference in the lives of others.
Fred was always a voice for the voiceless, a champion of fairness, and

an advocate for those who needed it most.
Mr. Speaker, for all these reasons, I am proud to pay tribute to

Frederick P. Kessler today.
He has changed the lives of so many people,

including my own constituents.
The people of the 4th Congressional

District, the State of Wisconsin, and the United States join me in

thanking him for his legacy of service and commitment to the public

good.