Michael attended St. Mary's Elementary School and

later attended Troy High School.
Michael enlisted in the United States Army on February 24, 1970.
Following basic training, Michael attended service school in Fort

Eustis, Virginia, where he trained as an Airframe Repairman.
He was

later assigned to a year-long tour of duty in Vietnam, where he

conducted maintenance and repairs on Army aircraft and equipment in

challenging conditions, including jungle environments and remote

locations.
On March 23, 1972, Michael was honorably discharged from the United

States Army at Fort Meade, Maryland.
For his honorable service, Michael

was awarded the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service

Medal, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, two Overseas Service Bars, the

Sharpshooter Marksmanship Badge with Rifle Bar and M16 Bar, and the

Expert Marksmanship Badge with Grenade Bar.
Upon returning to civilian life, Michael married Kathleen Agostine on

May 4.
1973.
Together, they had two children, Michael and Lindsay.
Michael was incredibly talented, working in construction with Rocco

Testo and as a carpenter at the Watervliet Arsenal to support his

family.
In his spare time, Michael enjoyed hunting, playing darts, and

excelled at a game of corks.
He was an active member of the Disabled

American Veterans, the North Greenbush American Legion Post 1489, and

the Ciccarelli Rea Agar Bevevino Garrison Post 1954, where he cherished

the camaraderie of his fellow members.
Michael passed away on March 22, 2005, but his legacy will always

live on through the memories of those dearest to him.
Michael DeBonis'

dedication to service to the United States is truly remarkable.
On

behalf of New York's 21st district, I am honored to recognize his

incredible life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF OMAR GALLARDO

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague Congressman

Mike Thompson to honor Omar Gallardo who passed away on October 23,

2024.
Omar was a lifelong community activist, organizer, and leader in

outdoor education in Sonoma County.
Born in 1975 in Michoacan, Mexico, Omar's early years were spent in

Sonoma County, California and Mexico.
He attended Geyserville High

School, where bilingual staff and educators encouraged his interest in

his Chicano culture, including his participation in Ballet Folklorico.
From a young age, Omar was an active community organizer.
He offered

translation services with the United Farmworkers Union and led a trip

to Delando, California in 1993 for a widely attended memorial march

honoring leader Cesar Chavez.
In 1994, hp organized student marches

protesting California's Proposition 187, an initiative to prohibit

undocumented immigrants from accessing important benefits.
Omar also

participated in high school programs offered by Santa Rosa Junior

College and Sonoma State University designed to mentor Latino students.
He later attended both institutions and earned a bachelor's degree in

history.
Following college, Omar joined California Mini-Corps as a teacher and

spent eight years working with immigrant students in outdoor education.
He then spent four years working as a student counselor in Santa Cruz

County before returning to Sonoma County to be a site coordinator for

the Graton Day Labor Center.
In 2012, he was recruited to LandPaths: a

Sonoma-based environmental education and conservation organization.
Omar became an integral pillar of the LandPaths leadership team,

guiding the organization's approach to community outreach and

engagement.
He helped predominantly Spanish-speaking youth access

Sonoma open spaces and inspired the next generation of environmental

stewards through outdoor programs.
Omar's efforts were also critical in

the development of Santa Rosa's Bayer Farm, a six acre urban farm that

is the product of collaboration between LandPaths and the city.
He was

known for his gentle heart, treating others with dignity, and credited

for expanding LandPaths' reach and impact.
In 2015, Omar was aptly

honored by the Sonoma County Economic Development Board with a Spirit

of Sonoma Award.
Omar was also a dedicated Aztec dancer and established his own group,

Danza Azteca Xantotl de Santa Rosa, which performed at local events.