He was

known for his gentle heart, treating others with dignity, and credited

for expanding LandPaths' reach and impact.
In 2015, Omar was aptly

honored by the Sonoma County Economic Development Board with a Spirit

of Sonoma Award.
Omar was also a dedicated Aztec dancer and established his own group,

Danza Azteca Xantotl de Santa Rosa, which performed at local events.
Mr. Speaker, Omar Gallardo was a tireless community advocate and

champion of environmental stewardship whose life ended too soon.
He is

survived by his wife Norma Lazaro Hernandez; his two young sons Tandee,

age 13, and Erandi, age eight; his mother Maria Luisa Gallardo; and his

sisters Marilu Gallardo, Olga Gallardo, Blanca Gallardo, and Merlinda

Gallardo.
His enduring legacy in Sonoma County and with future

generations cannot be understated.
We respectfully ask

that you join with us and his many friends and family in expressing our

deep appreciation for his decades of leadership and community service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSING CRITICAL MINERAL CONSISTENCY ACT (H.R. 8446) AND HARNESSING

ENERGY AT THERMAL SOURCES ACT (H.R. 7409)

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, the Critical Mineral Consistency Act (H.R.

8446) and the Harnessing Energy At Thermal Sources (HEATS) Act (H.R.

7409) would both limit the ability of the American public to have a say

in protecting our public lands and determining how our natural

resources are used.
H.R. 8446 gives cover for the copper industry to gain access to tax

credits and expedited permitting processes.
Only critical minerals on

the U.S. Geological Service (USGS) list can access these federal

supports, and we should not be playing politics with that process.
Foreign-owned mining conglomerates stand to benefit the most from

this legislation, as they seek to fasttrack copper mines like those

that threaten the watershed of the Boundary Waters Wilderness in

Minnesota, or the sacred site of Oak Flats in Arizona.
These companies

will have no obligation to contribute to our domestic supply with the

minerals they pull out of our public lands.
But our surrounding

communities will bear the costs of pollution that all copper mines

create.
The least we can do is ensure the public and our federal

government has the full opportunity to review these mines.
The American public should also not be subsidizing new copper mines

when we have secure supply chains that meet our needs, as determined by

the USGS.
The USGS list of critical minerals intentionally differs in

important ways from the Department of Energy's list of critical

materials.
Minerals only make it on to the USGS list if their supply

chain is at risk of disruption.
The tax credits that Congress passed to

encourage the development of at-risk critical minerals should not go to

support the copper industry, when the U.S. is already a global top-five

producer and a top-ten exporter of copper.
The other bill under consideration today, the HEATS Act, would

completely exempt certain geothermal projects that impact subsurface

federal resources from the environmental review process if less than

half of a geothermal project is non-federal.
That means that if a

project starts on private land but drills underground into publicly

owned areas, it would not have to abide by the federal regulations.
I want to be clear that geothermal is an important renewable energy

source, and that advancing geothermal energy is a worthy goal.
That is

why the House has already passed bipartisan legislation, and the Biden

Administration has streamlined the process for certain categories of

geothermal projects.
I secured community project funding for a

Geothermal Heat Pump to replace the inefficient natural gas-based

system at St. Paul's Como Park Zoo and Conservatory.
However, we must

ensure that when geothermal projects impact our federal resources, they

go through our federal review process.