From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CORBETT HOWARD

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize First Lieutenant

Corbett Howard of Celina, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
1LT Howard honorably served in the United States Army

during the Vietnam War.
As a young man, 1LT Howard was inspired to follow in his family's

footsteps and serve his country.
In December 1968, he commissioned into

the U.S. Army serving in Military Intelligence.
After completing Combat

Intelligence school, 1LT Howard deployed to Vietnam in the following

year and served as an Intelligence Officer in Kien Giang Province.
He

was one of thirty four American advisors to the South Vietnamese Army

and was responsible for training its troops.
During the war, he also

flew 108 combat missions in a Huey helicopter and participated in

numerous Swift boat operations against the enemy.
For his outstanding

service, 1LT Howard was awarded the Bronze Star, the Air Medal, and the

Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry with bronze star.
After he retired from military service in 1970, 1LT Howard has

continued to be an active member of our community through his public

service and volunteer efforts.
Since 2012, he has served as a board

member for the Military Warriors Support Foundation to help provide

homes to wounded veterans and Gold Star families.
Under 1LT Howard's

exceptional leadership, they have given over 930 homes and 175 vehicles

for veterans in need.
Moreover, he has helped raise hundreds of

millions of dollars for the organization to support veterans and ensure

they can keep their homes for many years to come.
I am proud of 1LT

Howard's contributions to our community and his dedication to serving

our great Nation.
I am honored to represent 1LT Howard in Texas' 4th Congressional

district.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR TRACY BREWSTER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Master Sergeant

Tracy Brewster of Rowlett, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
MSgt Brewster honorably served in the United States Air

Force.
MSgt Brewster joined the Air Force in June 1982.
Over the next two

decades, he served as an Air Cargo Specialist and Air Transportation

Craftsman to ensure that our troops were safely and efficiently

resupplied around the world.
MSgt Brewster completed two tours in South

Korea and deployed in support of Operation Southern Watch and Enduring

Freedom.
For his meritorious service, MSgt Brewster received the Air

Force Achievement Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Joint

Service Commendation Medal, and many more awards.
After he retired from the Air Force in 2003, MSgt Brewster has

continued to serve our community in numerous ways.
For many years, he

worked in supervisory positions at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration

Services and concluded his public service career as an Immigration

Services Analyst.
In this role, MSgt Brewster led efforts to

investigate and prevent immigration fraud.
He is also a longtime

contributor to charitable initiatives to support disabled veterans,

churches, museums, and youth athletic programs across North Texas.
Most

importantly, MSgt Brewster is a devoted husband and father to two

children and two grandchildren.
I commend him for his selfless service

and dedication to serving our great Nation.
I am honored to represent MSgt Brewster in Texas' 4th Congressional

district.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF ALLEN D. ALDENBERG

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the impressive and impactful

career of Manchester Police Chief Allen Aldenberg as he retires.