Title: CELEBRATING MRS.
CLAIRE SEIFFER'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
170

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MRS.
CLAIRE SEIFFER'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

celebrate Claire Seiffer, who is celebrating her 100th birthday on

November 21st of this year.
Mrs. Seiffer has spent her entire life in

the State of New Jersey, where she was a longtime public-school PE

teacher.
Her service to the state and nation was complemented by that

of her husband, a World War II veteran.
Mrs. Seiffer met her husband at

the school that they worked at together after he returned from his

military service.
Mrs. Seiffer has fond memories of iceboating on their

hand-built boat with her husband on New Jersey's famous Lake Hopatcong.
Going into her 100th birthday, she continues to maintain an active

lifestyle, and her friends and family enjoy her vivacious spirit and

sharp mind.
lt is my distinct pleasure to celebrate Mrs. Seiffer today, as she

continues to be the embodiment of American and New Jerseyan commitment

to public service, health, and prosperity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARC OF WARREN COUNTY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognized The

Arc of Warren County for its 70 years of service to the 7th

Congressional District of New Jersey.
By assisting families in

addressing the challenges associated with the lifelong care of

relatives with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
The Arc of

Warren County has created an environment where those they serve are

accepted and respected in the community.
Currently serving over 1,100

individuals annually, The Arc strives every day to ensure that all

those associated with the program are able to achieve independence,

make friends, and contribute to society.
I am honored to have such an

amazing organization working to strengthen the lives of New Jersey

residents, and I look forward to seeing all that they will achieve in

the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CLAYTON McGRAW

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant First

Class Clayton McGraw of Sulphur Springs, Texas, and award him a

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
SFC McGraw honorably served in the

United States Army during the Korean War.
During the Korean War, SFC McGraw was drafted into the Army.
In one

incident, he successfully rescued a fellow soldier from drowning during

a dangerous river crossing and was recognized for his quick thinking

and bravery.
For distinguishing himself through an act of heroism, SFC

McGraw was awarded the Soldier's Medal.
After retiring from the Army, SFC McGraw continued to make a positive

impact in our community.
He is the founder and Chairman of the Hopkins

County Veterans Memorial Committee to advocate for and support veterans

across North Texas.
SFC McGraw also served for eight years on the

Sulphur Springs Planning and Zoning Board and was a member of the First

Baptist mission team in Longview, Texas.
His outstanding leadership has

undoubtedly made a difference in the lives of so many people throughout

the years.
I am proud of SFC McGraw's contributions to our community

and his dedication to serving our great Nation.
I am honored to represent SFC McGraw in Texas' 4th Congressional

district.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CORBETT HOWARD

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize First Lieutenant

Corbett Howard of Celina, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.