From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF ALLEN D. ALDENBERG

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the impressive and impactful

career of Manchester Police Chief Allen Aldenberg as he retires.
Throughout his life, Chief Aldenberg dedicated his efforts to serving

others.
In a military career spanning 30 years, he commanded from the company

to the brigade level and deployed in support of key operations to

combat terrorism and protect our Nation after 9/11.
He was awarded a

Bronze Star medal for his service in Iraq from 2009 to 2010.
As a law enforcement officer for 27 years, including the last four

years as Manchester Police Chief, Chief Aldenberg has worked with

officers, department staff, city leadership, and community members to

make Manchester safer and stronger.
His commitment to public safety and

securing a bright and safe future for the Queen City is evident through

his investment toward improving the Manchester Police Department.
Through his leadership, Chief Aldenberg spearheaded the Manchester

Police Department's strategic goals to focus on data-driven approaches

to public safety, invest in high-quality training and development, put

more well-trained officers on the street, and enhance community

engagement.
Under his leadership, Chief Aldenberg also strengthened the

Manchester Police Department's Mental Health and Wellness Program,

which serves as a standard bearer across New Hampshire for other

departments to emulate.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to extend my gratitude to Chief Allen Aldenberg for

his exceptional service in New Hampshire as a law enforcement officer.
I join all Granite Staters in thanking Chief Aldenberg for his

leadership, professionalism, and contributions to making the community

safer.
I wish Allen, his wife Emily, and his children all the best as

he retires from a career in law enforcement.
I congratulate Chief Aldenberg on a job very well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CORPORAL KENNETH M. WILSON

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life

and service of U.S. Army Veteran Corporal Kenneth M. Wilson.
Kenneth was born on October 8, 1921, in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
He was

the son of Harold and Frances Eschbach Wilson and grew up in Upstate

New York with six siblings: Miriam, Dorothy, Gertrude, Harriet, Peggy,

and Harold.
Kenneth graduated from Van Rensselaer High School in 1941

and enlisted in the U.S. Army after graduation on February 6, 1942.
Kenneth's service took him to Europe and Africa at the onset of the

Second World War.
Earning the rank of Corporal, he heroically fought in

the Naples-Foggia, Rome-Arno, Southern France, and Rhineland campaigns,

serving as a light machine gunner in the 143rd Infantry Regiment,

Company D. For his bravery and sacrifices, Corporal Wilson was awarded

the European-African-Middle Eastern Service Medal, the Good Conduct

Medal, the Purple Heart with Oak Leaf Cluster, and the World War II

Victory Medal.
He was honorably discharged on June 12, 1945.
After returning to civilian life, Kenneth married Mary Cornell on

October 8, 1949, in Rensselaer, New York.
Together, they had three

children: Karen, Keith, and Diane.
Kenneth's professional career began

with Norman's Kill Dairy in 1955, and he remained with the Farm until

1962.
He then entered public service that same year, working diligently

for the U.S. Post Office until his retirement on July 3, 1984.
Kenneth was an active and lifelong member of his community.
He

coached for the East Greenbush Little League, the Girls Softball

League, and the Babe Ruth League.
He was also a proud member of the

Elks Lodge 2073 and Melvin Roads American Legion Post 1231, where he

cherished the camaraderie and fellowship of his fellow veterans.
In his

spare time, Kenneth enjoyed camping, gardening, and reading.
Corporal Kenneth M. Wilson's stalwart commitment to service was a

testament to his character and dedication to his family, country, and

community.