This year, British military jets have been involved in several operations in the middle east without consulting Parliament.
Allowing the Commons to debate military action wherever feasible is essential to ensuring public accountability.
Will the Secretary of State set out the Government’s stance on the use of a parliamentary vote to approve military action?
It is a convention that if military action is authorised by the Prime Minister, that is reported as soon as possible to this House.
It is important to any Prime Minister and any Government that if they commit UK forces to military action, they will want the support of all sides of this House.
Under an agreement inherited from the last Government, a system remains in place allowing for the licensing of trail hunting on land owned by the Defence Infrastructure Organisation.
It is welcome news that that licence issuing has been paused while the agreement is under ministerial review, but in the light of the widespread recognition that trail hunting is often a smokescreen for illegal hunting, will the Minister meet me and other concerned MPs to discuss the permanent revocation of that agreement, in line with the Government’s manifesto ban on trail hunting?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend—she and I have campaigned on many similar issues for quite some time.
I would like to make it clear that no licences to trail hunt on Ministry of Defence land have been granted for the 2024-25 hunting season.
The Department is considering its position alongside other Government Departments, and we hope to have an update soon, but I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend in the meantime.
Many members of the armed forces in my constituency are living in sub-par MOD housing that is cold, damp and mould-ridden.
How is the Minister ensuring that all MOD properties are fit to live in?
I have been utterly shocked by the state  of parts of the housing estate that we have inherited.
Over the last 14 years, the Government of the time failed to decisively close with this issue, instead kicking  the can down the road or continually topping up the leaking bucket.
We have examples of families living in accommodation with no running water, with mould and with pest infestations; there were 53,000 complaints between 2018 and 2023.
Having lived in some of that accommodation, I can tell the House that it is unacceptable.
Our armed forces protect the freedoms we enjoy,  and this Government will take action—including a medium to long-term review—to get after the housing and create a new armed forces commissioner to improve service life.
I am immensely proud of the armed forces, both those serving and veterans, who live in my constituency, but I do worry for the future given the recruitment crisis that we inherited from the previous Government.
What steps are this Government taking to tackle the recruitment crisis, in particular to attract diverse skills such as in cyber?
I am grateful for the question, because we know that there is a recruitment and retention crisis in the UK armed forces.
It is precisely for that reason that the Defence Secretary set out at the Labour party conference a series of changes, including scrapping 100 outdated recruitment policies and creating a new direct entry route for cyber.
There is a lot more work to be done in this area, and the Department will be making further announcements in due course.
The 2,000 lb bombs dropped on innocent civilians in Gaza and Lebanon led to the heinous and unimaginable scenes we saw over the weekend of newborn babies being killed and young children being burned alive.
These bombs are being dropped by F-35 fighter jets, and we supply parts for F-35 fighter jets.
When will we stop doing that and adhere to international conventions?
We have made decisions on the suspension of arms sales to Israel, and we have set out the details of those to the House.
We are working, as well as calling, for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza so that all hostages can get out, all the aid needed by the Palestinians can be flooded in, and the first steps can be taken towards the political solution that is ultimately the best guarantor of two states and a permanent peace in the area.
Our first duty as a Government is to keep the nation safe and to protect our citizens, particularly when we are going through a period of global strife and instability, with war in Europe and conflict in the middle east.
Although I am aware of our unshakeable commitment to NATO, will my right hon.
Friend please reassure the House that, when it comes to defence, our relationship with our European allies has not been adversely affected by Brexit?
It is the previous Government who have to answer for the impact of Brexit.
As a new Government, we have set out to rebuild relations with key European allies, especially on defence and security.
Although NATO remains the cornerstone of our European security, there   is an important role for the European Union.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has started discussions with the European Union, as indeed has the Prime Minister, on how we can achieve a greater level of co-operation between the EU and the UK.
I commend the new Veterans Minister for the contact he has already had with the chairman of the War Widows Association, who is with us today in the Special Gallery.
May I request a meeting with him, her and me to try to resolve the situation for the last 49 war widows who have so far been excluded from the payment scheme that we managed to work out for those who unfairly lost their pensions on remarriage?