The Minister will know that our AUKUS partners, the United States and Australia, have recently held bilateral discussions with South Korea, Japan, New Zealand and Canada about becoming part of the so-called pillar 2 of AUKUS, and I wonder what bilateral discussions the UK has had on this.
There is an opportunity to work  with many of our partners internationally on pillar 2 opportunities.
Those conversations have been taking place at official level within the Ministry of Defence and at political level, and we are continuing to work to bring those forward because if we want to buy the high-end war-winning kit that we need, the best way of doing that is to work with our partners to ensure not only that we have it but that our allies are able to make the most of it as well.
In the light of the increasing geopolitical threats that we face, can the Minister give an update on the adequacy and resilience of the computer chip supply chain that backs up the UK military?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the fragility of the international supply chain in that area.
It is very important that Governments in the west, and in the NATO alliance in particular, are able to  onshore production and to “friendly-shore” production—no matter how awkward that term is—to ensure that we are less exposed to threats.
Colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade, as well as MOD colleagues, are looking into that.
More work is needed in this area, but we are acting on it.
What progress he has made on implementing the recommendations of the LGBT veterans independent review.
If you will allow me to say so, Mr Speaker, it is with great pride that I stand behind this Dispatch Box for the first time, after 24 years of service, to represent veterans, serving personnel and their families and dependants.
Be under no illusion: it is now my duty to serve them here in Government and to fight for the deal that they deserve.
I was serving when the ban was lifted in 2000 by a Labour Government.
The treatment of LGBT veterans was completely and utterly unacceptable.
The treatment of LGBT veterans has been dealt with by the Etherton review, which we will see out at the end of the year.
We have met 32 of the 49 recommendations and we will meet those on the financial redress scheme by the end of this year, with a launch in January next year.
LGBT veterans have suffered appalling injustice and ingratitude, including many in my Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven constituency.
I welcome the update from the Minister, but he will know that it is recommendation 28 on financial redress and compensation that is causing concern among veterans.
Because the report caps compensation at £50 million, the average payment per veteran might be as low as £12,500.
The then Prime Minister, now the Leader of the Opposition, rightly told the House that the ban was “an appalling failure of the British state”.—[Official Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol. 736, c. 897.]
Will the Minister meet me and Fighting With Pride to discuss how we can take this forward to get fair and swift compensation?
I know that a significant number of my hon.
Friend’s constituents are affected by this completely unacceptable and highly regrettable policy.
I met Fighting With Pride and Lord Etherton just last week.
I will meet them again and I will meet my hon.
Friend to talk through the detail.
I can confirm that Defence is working with experts across Government to establish an appropriate financial redress scheme.
That scheme will launch this year and I will update the House in due course.
What steps he is taking to help secure the future of the UK’s defences.
What steps he is taking to help secure the future of the UK’s defences.
The strategic defence review will consider all aspects of defence so that the United Kingdom is both secure at home and strong abroad.
It will ensure that defence is central to both the security and the economic growth and prosperity of our homeland.
The SDR will set out a deliverable and affordable plan within the trajectory of spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The Department’s future capability innovation programme accelerates innovation in operational capability.
Given its success in delivering rapidly prototyped drones to Ukraine, and in growing the UK drone sector as part of the process, how will the Minister make sure that the lessons learned from the programme are adopted across defence procurement, especially in areas such as cyber-security and artificial intelligence, to ensure that innovation is rapidly operationalised and that a higher proportion of the work goes to British small and medium-sized enterprises?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question and for championing the country’s tech sectors.
She is absolutely right that the experience we are seeing in Ukraine means that we need to innovate faster, have more spiral development and bring more talent into these sectors.
We have a good record of doing so, not just on drones but on AI and directed energy systems, where we have our own capabilities.
We are now working with NATO, Five Eyes and AUKUS partners to ensure that we learn from that and to make sure that it is not just our big defence primes but the entire supply chain, including small businesses and start-ups, that benefits.
It was a huge pleasure to welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to the Nepalese community centre in Burnt Oak this summer to talk to Gurkha veterans about the issues they face.
Does the Minister agree that the Gurkha Regiment has an important role to play in the future of the UK’s defence?
Will he outline what steps the Ministry of Defence is taking to address the failures of the previous Government in supporting Gurkha veterans, and will he meet me to discuss these issues?
The Government greatly value the contribution that the Gurkhas continue to make in supporting the UK’s security and defence, and we take our responsibility to Gurkha veterans very seriously.
The Government remain committed to supporting them and their families during and after their service with the British Army.
The Minister for Veterans and People is shortly to meet the ambassador of Nepal and Gurkha veteran representatives to continue that work.
As the Minister will know, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary industrial dispute is putting our national security at risk.
Does he think it is a betrayal of our defence that Labour puts generous settlements for their rail paymasters over the small number of seafarers who keep us safe?
I think the hon.
Gentleman can do better than that, to be honest.
It is important that we support not only those who serve in all our forces, but those in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
Discussions are ongoing to try to resolve the industrial action that started under  the last Government, and I want to thank all those who serve in the Royal Navy, in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary and in civilian roles.
It is the whole team that matters, and they all matter to this Government.
Many of my constituents work in the defence sector, with RNAS Yeovilton based in Glastonbury and Somerton, Thales operating from Templecombe, and Leonardo based nearby.
However, the “Delivering the Defence Workforce of the Future” report revealed that 77% of key decision makers and influencers in the sector believe that a shortage of science, technology, engineering and maths skills will deteriorate the UK’s defence capabilities.
What steps will the Minister take to address this shortage and to secure the UK’s defence?
I am grateful for the contribution of south-west defence companies to our national defence.
As a south-west MP, I know it is important.
If we are to have sustainable defence, we need not only our armed forces but our supply chain to invest in skills on a sustainable, long-term basis.
Short-term contracts do not contribute to that, which is one of the reasons why, as part of our defence industrial strategy and the strategic defence review, we are looking longer term at how to make sure we have the skills we need for both those who serve and those who support those who serve.
There is a lot of work to do in this area.