Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I fully concur with your tribute to the late Alex Salmond.
In these particularly volatile times, I fully welcome the Government’s strategic defence review.
I for one hope it will include serious analysis of the Indo-Pacific region, because many of us are very concerned about China’s recent launch of military drills around Taiwan.
Will the Secretary of State use this opportunity to condemn those highly aggressive and intimidatory manoeuvres?
What are the Government doing to work with international allies to de-escalate tensions?
I will indeed.
My hon.
Friend will know that our party went into the election committed to building on commitments the previous Government  made on the Indo-Pacific.
I want the strategic defence review to be not just the Government’s defence review, but Britain’s defence review.
We are consulting military veterans, industry, academic experts and all parties in this House.
I trust that, like me, he will welcome that all-party approach, particularly as he now chairs the Select Committee, and will work with us.
The SDR is welcome and needed.
The previous Conservative Government left our armed forces personnel, capabilities and funding depleted.
Can the Secretary of State—[Interruption.]
Hang fire.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that the experts conducting our review will have an ongoing focus on our sovereign defence industrial base, and ensure that regions such as the north-east are pivotal in that?
They will indeed.
This is the way we can reinforce the UK’s security and economy.
And yes, we can build, through the SDR, on the work that  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  did when he was Minister for defence procurement.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , I am really angry about the state of defence after the last Government: there are billion-pound black holes in defence plans; service morale is at record lows; and Army numbers are set to fall below 70,000 next year.
We will work night and day to make our forces more fit to fight, and to make Britain more secure at home and stronger abroad.