Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I associate all of us in my party with your comments about the late Alex Salmond.
The most important point about the SDR is that it must not be used as an excuse to delay increasing the defence budget to 2.5% of GDP.
In September, in answers to written questions, the Department said that it would set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence “as soon as possible”, but last week, at the Dispatch Box, in his middle east statement, the Prime Minister said that the Government would go to 2.5% “in due course”.
We all know that there is a massive difference between the two, so which is it?
The Government are totally committed to spending 2.5% on defence to meet the increasing threat the country faces.
The Prime Minister confirmed that in his first week in office, when he and I were together at the NATO summit in Washington.
Of course, the last time this country spent 2.5% on defence was in 2010 under Labour, and that level was not matched in any one of the 14 years in which the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in power.
That is a concern.
In 2010, just to remind the House, the black hole in the defence budget was bigger than the defence budget, and we were left a note saying that there was no money left.
It is significant if the wording is no longer “as soon as possible” and is now “in due course”.
It is in the national interest to go to 2.5% because of the threats we face as a country.
If the Secretary of State told us now that he was fighting  hard with the Treasury to go to 2.5% in the Budget at the end of this month, he would have our full support.
Is that what he is doing?
Fourteen years, Mr Speaker, yet the Conservatives produced their unfunded plan for 2.5% on defence only four weeks before they called the election.
It was the hon.
Gentleman’s former boss, the Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, who told the truth about their record in government when he said to the House: “we have hollowed out and underfunded”—[Official Report,  30 January 2023 ; Vol. 727, c. 18.]
our armed forces since 2010.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
This is day 963 of Russia’s brutal, illegal, full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
On my second day in this job, I travelled to Odesa and met President Zelensky, because Ukraine is one of my first-order priorities, just as it is for the Government.
Since then, we have stepped up military aid, sped up the delivery of battlefield supplies, and confirmed that we will supply £3 billion a year in military aid to Ukraine this year, next year, and every year that it takes for Ukraine to prevail.
Medics4Ukraine, a UK-based humanitarian organisation, has delivered more than £3 million-worth of medical aid and training to Ukraine, and its founders, Professor Mark Hannaford and Lucia Altatti, were recently awarded medals for their contribution to that.
The Government are committed to increasing military aid; does the Secretary of State agree that medical support is a strategic component, and will he meet the founders of Medics4Ukraine to discuss how the Government can further support its lifesaving work?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I too pay tribute to the work of Medics4Ukraine.
The UK’s Defence Medical Services is also at the forefront of Ukraine’s efforts to develop a modern military healthcare system.
We have provided training for battlefield surgical teams, we have supplied medical equipment, and, as a world leader in military rehabilitation, we are supporting the development of Ukraine’s rehabilitation hospitals.
A member of our defence team will be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and Medics4Ukraine to take this matter further.
It was hugely welcome to see the Prime Minister host President Zelensky and welcome the new NATO Secretary-General to London last week.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking not only to ensure that UK meets our NATO obligations, but to fundamentally strengthen UK leadership in NATO?
My hon.
Friend is right: that is the first priority.
It will be the centrepiece of the Government’s defence plan, and it is at the heart of the strategic defence   review.
When President Zelensky was in London last week, he made it clear that for Ukraine, this is a critical period in the war.
The Ukrainians are fighting with huge courage, but the Russians are putting great pressure on their frontlines.
Putin shows contempt for the lives of his own soldiers: the average Russian losses in September were 1,271 per day, a record high and two and a half times the level this time last year.
As Zelensky promotes his victory plan, we in the UK and our allies must  do all that we can to strengthen Ukraine during the coming weeks.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the democratic world cannot afford to lose this war, and does he recall that it is often said that the total defence expenditure of all Ukraine’s democratic allies far exceeds anything that Russia could possibly deploy, so Russia will inevitably lose?
When will we deploy this might to gain a decisive victory for Ukraine and secure the international global order?
The hon.
Gentleman is right on both counts.
First, the defence of the UK and the rest of Europe starts in Ukraine, and it is essential that we stand with Ukraine and support it for as long as it takes.
Secondly, as he says—this is a matter that the Prime Minister and I discussed with the new Secretary-General of NATO, Mark Rutte, last week when he was in London—the allies together must do more to support Ukraine now, and to produce what it needs in the future.
The new Secretary-General will make that one of his priorities.
Thank you for your kind comments about our late right hon.
friend Alex Salmond, Mr Speaker.