Like my hon.
Friend, I have been privileged to see some of those community efforts and local mayor-
led initiatives when I have visited Ukraine.
Part of the work that the Government have put in place since 2022— I am proud of the UK’s leadership on Ukraine over that period—has been to commit £38 million to the Ukraine good governance fund.
That has allowed communities to draw down some of that funding and the Ukrainian Government to take steps to deal with some of the corruption that has been endemic since the Soviet period.
That is an extraordinary feat, given that they are fighting a war and dealing with corruption in their system at the same time.
With winter looming, defending the home front in Ukraine is paramount.
However, Russia has intensified its attacks on energy infrastructure in Ukraine, including substations, where it has deployed cluster munitions.
That is particularly alarming.
Given those developments, what additional support can the UK give through de-mining equipment to get rid of those munitions from the ground?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is vital to remember that these are not military targets; they are civilian targets.
These are Russian actions that breach international humanitarian law and we must never lose sight of the moral outrage about what the Russians are doing.
Clearly, with the onset of winter, there is a vital imperative for Britain and other countries to step up support as we can.
Since the election, we have been offering specialist advice on how to protect energy generation and transmission sites,  and the Foreign Secretary, when he was in Ukraine  last month, committed another £20 million to support emergency energy needs.
In the shell crisis of 1915, the Government of the day and industry came together to support our troops on the western front.
We are hearing much about new contracts being placed for things such as ordnance, which is critical to the defence of Ukraine and to replenishing our own stocks.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern that senior figures in the Scottish Government seem reluctant to put money into those defence companies, except for civilian use?
Can he explain how Scotland can play its full part since it provides so much of the ordnance, with everything from Storm Shadow to Type 26 destroyers built in Scotland?
The hon.
Member and I share common cause in recognising the role that Scottish workers and Scottish industry play not just in the security of our own United Kingdom, but through the contribution we make to supporting Ukraine in its fight.
I have been proud to visit workers in some of the Scottish sites.
Our  defence industrial strategy, as we develop it in the months ahead, will reinforce the essential role that Scotland plays in our security, and in the UK economy.
Last week, President Zelensky of Ukraine met with German Chancellor Scholz.
Zelensky said: “For us, it is very important that aid does not decrease next year.”
It is welcome that the Foreign Secretary will meet with EU27 Ministers later to discuss the war in Ukraine, but will the EU27 plus the UK be in a position to assure Zelensky that military aid to Ukraine will not decrease next year, regardless of what happens in the presidential election next month?
Yes, they will.