On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In the wee hours of  9 June 2017 , I watched on as the most talented, formidable and consequential politician of his generation—a man who had represented the people of Banff and Buchan, Aberdeenshire East and Gordon, a man who had served for two terms as the First Minister of Scotland—lost his parliamentary seat for the first time in 30 years.
It is a moment I will never forget, not because of the nature of his defeat but for what happened next, because within just a few moments, Alex Salmond took to the podium and gave a speech that, despite all the despair that those of us in the SNP felt in the room that night, made us feel 10 ft tall.
He gave us back the hope that things would get better, and would get better quickly.
Rabbie Burns once wrote: “The heart ay’s the part ay That makes us right or wrang.”
Alex gave all of us in the SNP the belief that what we felt in our hearts was worth fighting for—the belief that we could one day become an independent nation.
Alex Salmond took us so very close to making that belief a reality.
At this time of profound shock and sorrow, I send my heartfelt personal condolences to Alex’s wife Moira, his wider family, his friends and his legion of fans across the nationalist movement and within the Alba party itself.
It is of great personal sorrow to me that Alex Salmond will not live to see Scotland become an independent nation.
The challenge for all of us now in the nationalist movement is to make sure that we put good his legacy and deliver the future he so badly fought for throughout his distinguished parliamentary career.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I know that colleagues from across the House will join me today in expressing our shock and sadness at the sudden passing of the right honourable Alex Salmond.
He was a Member of this House for 25 years and of the Scottish Parliament for 11 years, and he was of course First Minister of Scotland for seven years.
His impact wherever he served was profound.
My thoughts and sympathies are first and foremost with his family and friends and especially his wife Moira, who has already been mentioned.
Members might not be aware that the Scotland Office brought Moira and Alex together; they met first as colleagues in that Department before marrying in 1981.
My thoughts are also with those whose relationships with him had broken down in recent years and those who are finding this time difficult as they deal with a range of emotions.
It is no secret that some of his happiest periods as a politician were spent in this place, where he made alliances that may to some have seemed surprising.
My thoughts today are particularly with  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (Sir David Davis) , who I know has lost a close friend, and with Alex’s SNP colleagues.
In the short period during which our careers in this place overlapped, I was always impressed with Alex’s formidable oratory and debating style.
No Member from any part of this House was given an easy ride.
He sat on the third Bench—where the leader of the SNP,  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  is today—during the passage of the Scotland Act 2016, chuntering and bantering in my ear every time I stood at the Opposition Dispatch Box.
His love of lively discussion extended beyond this Chamber, and I was always keen to keep the topic on our shared passion for Heart of Midlothian football club, rather than constitutional matters.
It is impossible to overstate the impact that Alex had on Scotland and our politics.
After half a century of involvement, from student activist to First Minister, whether you agreed or disagreed with his political objectives, there is no denying the rigour and commitment with which he pursued his goals.
That commitment saw Alex lead the Scottish National party for a total of 20 years, taking it from a small political movement to the party of government in Scotland.
In doing so, he secured a referendum on Scottish independence in 2014, an achievement that would surely have been scarcely believable for a student activist who joined the SNP in the early 1970s and perhaps even for the Alex Salmond who first led the party in the early 1990s.
As someone firmly on the opposite side of that debate, I know that the result of the referendum was a source of huge disappointment to Alex.
It was testament to his conviction in the cause that he continued to campaign for Scottish independence with the same passion in Parliament, in the SNP, in the Alba party and in communities across Scotland throughout the past decade.
He has left an indelible mark on Scottish politics and public life.
I know that many in the independence movement and beyond will miss him.
I once again send the deepest sympathies on behalf of the UK Government to all his family and friends at this difficult time.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Opposition, I would also like to pay my tribute to the right honourable Alex Salmond.
As others have said, despite political differences, we were all shocked and saddened to hear the news on Saturday of Alex Salmond’s sudden passing.
He and I were both elected to the Scottish Parliament in 2007, and although we disagreed on many of the big issues of the day, not least the question of independence for Scotland, we all respect his dedication to public service as a Member of the Scottish Parliament, a Member of Parliament and as First Minister of Scotland.
He was passionate, formidable, impressive and hugely charismatic.
Alex Salmond was undoubtedly a giant in Scottish and United Kingdom politics.
My sincere sympathies go to his wife Moira and to his wider family, in particular his sister Gail, who lives in Hawick in my constituency in the Scottish Borders.
My thoughts and prayers are with them all.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
Alex Salmond was not just a parliamentary colleague of mine; for a number of years, when we lived in Aberdeenshire, he was also my own Member of Parliament.
I confess that  I never actually voted for him, but that did allow me to see, and hear from all those who dealt with him in the north-east of Scotland, that he was genuinely a byword for energy and commitment in representing the interests of his Banff and Buchan constituents.
It was not until I was elected here in 2001 that I got to know Alex personally.
He and I both represented constituencies heavily dependent on the fishing industry, which was then facing an existential crisis, as cod stocks in the North sea collapsed.
At that time, we all had to be experts in the spawning stock biomass of North sea cod, and Alex, with his natural head for figures, could sometimes leave everyone in the room breathless as he interrogated the so-called experts about the statistical basis of what they were proposing to do.
The survival of a Scottish whitefish industry today is in no small part as a result of his efforts then.
It was also in that first Parliament that I met and got to know Alex’s wife Moira.
I do not think it is speaking ill to say that Alex could divide a room; Moira, on the other hand, is someone about whom I have never heard anyone say a bad word.
She has always been unfailingly warm and friendly.
Her devotion to Alex was total and obvious to me from the first moment I met her.
So it is to Moira Salmond today that my thoughts turn.
I can hardly imagine the sense of loss that she must be feeling.
To Moira and the rest of Alex’s family I send my condolences and those of my party as we mourn the passing of Alex Salmond—a man whose like we may never see again.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
The phrase, “end of an era”, is often bandied about, but Alex’s parting really does feel like the end of an era.
We were not friends; we had a professional relationship, I would say.
Sometimes it was cordial, sometimes it was less so, because we disagreed on some pretty fundamental issues.
I always respected Alex as one of the most formidable and, indeed, ruthless political operators of our generation—I think he would welcome that epitaph.
Alex’s greatest political triumph was to be both establishment and anti-establishment at the same time, which is a pretty difficult trick to pull off.
While he was at one moment First Minister of Scotland, he was also agitating to break up the United Kingdom.
While at one minute he was highly critical of the Conservatives, he was also relying on Conservative MSPs in the Scottish Parliament to sustain his minority Administration.
One of my jobs when I was first elected in 2005 was to keep an eye on Alex in the Lobby, because he had a habit of encouraging chats with new Conservative MPs.
His line was that if Scotland were independent, that would be great for them because there would be a perpetual Conservative Government in England.
We have recently seen that that argument is slightly flawed, but I had to ensure that colleagues were not tempted by it.
Alex was skilled debater, and that was very often demonstrated in this Chamber, despite his expressed wish to leave it.
He had an authenticity and a common touch that are so often absent from modern politics.
That was always very evident when one saw him with his constituents.
I absolutely share the view of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  on Moira Salmond.
In my dealings with her, she was always a very charming and supportive spouse, and my heart goes out to her and to Alex’s friends and family at this very difficult time.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It may come as a surprise to Members that I have a photograph of Alex Salmond in my back hall.
That is because a long time ago, he,  the right hon.
Member for New Forest West (Sir Desmond Swayne)
and I were all members of the Students’ Representative Council of St Andrews University.
It was a sleepy organisation in which we debated this and that.
Then, with a flash and a bang, like Mephistopheles appearing in “Doctor Faustus”, he was there from nowhere—a fully equipped, fully armed, formidable young politician, still in his late teens.
That came as a shock to us all.
Having debated with him in student debates, I can tell the House that if he turned that laser eye on you and fired a verbal sally, it went straight through you, and then straight through the wall behind.
He was a superb debater—I have never seen his like.
What was fascinating about him was that he was a fully developed politician so early in life.
He knew exactly what he was about and was determined to achieve his end.
I was also briefly in the Scottish Parliament, as  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson)  alluded to.
In 2007, at a reception at the Signet library in Edinburgh, he said, “Jamie, I want a word with you.”
He cornered me in one of those half-moon-shaped alcoves and told me very forcibly how supporting the SNP Government in 2007 would lead to a revival of the Liberal party in the Scottish Parliament.
Mention has rightly been made of his widow, Moira, whom I found to be a very nice person indeed.
She once stopped me in the Royal Mile, shortly after Alex had become First Minister, to say that she had got that dreadful upright piano out of the drawing room at Bute House.
She just wanted me to know that.
My thoughts are not only with Alex’s family but with his circle of friends, to whom he meant a very great deal.
Our condolences should go to his family and to his friends as well.
Charles Stewart Parnell made his name in history, and I believe that Alex Salmond will do so in exactly the same way, for many years to come.
I really regret this playground-style characterisation of issues that are so fundamental, particularly for those who live in Gibraltar.
I mentioned the comments of the Chief Minister of the Falklands, and the right hon.
Member has now forced me to quote them, given the nature of what he has just said.
The Chief Minister said some of these claims are “more about party politics, blame-gaming and Tory Party leadership issues…than” they are actually about the sovereignty of people who live in the overseas territories.
He could not have been clearer.
I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss any cases.
On the conversation with the Pakistani Government, the main concern in relation to the Triples is about moving them out of Afghanistan and into Pakistan in the first place.
The agreement we have with the Pakistani Government means that anyone who is being assessed as part of the ARAP scheme will not be deported back to Afghanistan, which is really important, but there is still a requirement to make sure that we can relocate eligible individuals and their immediate families to the UK in an appropriate and reasonable way.
We are continuing that work, and we are continuing the dialogue with the Pakistani Government in relation to this issue.
Thank you for calling me to make my maiden speech, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Before I do, may I commend Figen Murray and her family and friends for the excellent   campaign they have continued, completely selflessly?
I am sure it will save the lives of hundreds, if not thousands of people.
They are a great example to us all.
I confess to being unusually nervous—as indeed I should be—as I address my honourable colleagues across the House for the first time as the first Member of Parliament for Tiverton and Minehead.
I would like to begin by thanking the two previous MPs for Tiverton and Minehead.
My fellow Liberal Democrat, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Honiton and Sidmouth (Richard Foord) , has happily been returned by his constituents as their MP, where he will continue to be a hard-working local champion.
I am also grateful for the 23 years of service that my predecessor in Bridgwater and West Somerset, Ian Liddell-Grainger, in his own inimitable style, gave to my constituents in that part of my constituency.
He is a doting grandfather, who will now have more time to spend with his grandchildren.
I also want to thank Rebecca Pow, the former Member for Taunton Deane, who is a prolific gardener—vegetables are a particular favourite, I understand—and whose constituency encompassed some of the villages and towns now in Tiverton and Minehead, as well as the constituency of Taunton and Wellington.
As a new Member of Parliament, this place, even though it bears a resemblance to my alma mater, is a difficult and different environment to master.
I know that I speak for all new Members when I thank all members of staff of the parliamentary estate, from Doorkeepers to police officers to catering and cleaning staff.
I thank them all for their warm welcome, and for their tolerance and patience with the numerous questions they answer with humour and understanding.
Thank you all.
Since September last year, my team, known as “Team Terrific and The Stalwarts”, have knocked on nearly 31,000 doors, delivered hundreds of thousands of leaflets, letters and surveys and spoken to over 12,000 residents.
I know what matters to the people of Tiverton and Minehead because I have asked them.
I was raised in Somerset and have spent most of my adult life in Devon, from Holcombe Rogus via Hemyock to Bampton in the Tiverton and Minehead constituency.
My husband and I chose to raise our family in Devon.
In fact, all four of our children are born Devonians.
Our eldest sons, Henry and Tom, were born in the old hospital in Tiverton.
It is my sincere intention to support the NHS and social care systems in Tiverton and Minehead by keeping our local hospitals open in Minehead, Tiverton and Williton, and by supporting all our GP surgeries.
Ours is a very rural area and the need to keep local hospitals open is especially pressing given limited transport links and a higher-than-average elderly population.
As mine is a rural and often disconnected constituency, transport improvements are one of my key priorities.
With that at the forefront of my mind, I have convened a meeting with Peninsula Transport, the body that oversees all public transport in Devon and Somerset.
Along with my transport adviser, David Northey, who has a deep history in this area as a former head of strategic planning at Great Western Railway, I have been hard at work for my constituents, putting together a transport plan and highlighting the challenges and solutions for rail and bus services across Tiverton  and Minehead.
Minehead train station desperately needs linking to the main line at Taunton; I know that my hon.
Friend and neighbour  the Member for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos)  would agree.
We need also to secure the number 25 and 28 bus services in the north of the constituency and look carefully at rural bus routes to service the villages of Exmoor, such as Exford, Withypool and Winsford, along with local towns, particularly Wiveliscombe.
Those will be key parts of that new plan for the local area.
Poor public transport provision creates a particular barrier to schoolchildren and students in Tiverton and Minehead.
Some have no bus to take them to school, no way to walk to school or no way to cycle to get there.
Other than the small A-level provision at West Somerset college, there is no—I repeat, no—sixth-form provision in my constituency.
Students have to travel to Exeter, Taunton or Bridgwater if they wish to pursue their studies.
That limits their aspirations and ability to succeed.
Shockingly, West Somerset ranks 324th out of 324 on the social mobility index, and such transport problems explain some of why that is.
However, teachers and heads of primary schools across the constituency and of secondary schools in Tiverton, Minehead, Williton and Uffculme do not lack aspiration for their pupils.
They are working daily to improve access to better education.
That includes campaigning to have facilities worthy of 21st-century educational standards.
The first letter I wrote, within days of getting elected on  5 July , was to our new Secretary of State for Education, asking for a meeting to discuss the dire state of Tiverton high school.
Nearly 25 years ago—I repeat, 25 years ago —Tiverton high school was promised a new build.
The previous Labour Government put it on their priority list.
The last Conservative Government sat on their hands and did nothing.
The school is deemed by the Environment Agency to be a “danger of death” from flooding.
There is asbestos in the sports hall, and children are being taught in dining and communal areas.
It has capacity for 1,300 pupils but needs capacity for 1,800.
Given the pledges made by our new Prime Minister and his commitment to schools, I know that I will get a fair hearing from the Secretary of State for Education.
I hope that she will agree to meet a delegation of staff, parents and children from Tiverton high school in the near future.
Community plays a crucial role in Tiverton and Minehead.
There are wonderful organisations providing support and help, from community food banks to support groups for carers, to Rotary clubs, conservation groups and the environmental networks with which I work to monitor and prevent the pollution in our rivers and on our beaches.
Those organisations all make Tiverton and Minehead the wonderful, beautiful, special part of the UK that it is.
When they meet to discuss important community issues, the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill will ensure that they are safe.
However, my party has previously had concerns about the impact on smaller-scale venues; I am delighted to hear today that the approach is more light touch than expected.
As a former director of the National Farmers Union, I have a deep passion for and understanding of my local farming community, who are spread across the constituency  and facing harder challenges than they have for generations.
That is thanks to the disastrous Brexit deal foisted upon them by the previous Conservative Government.
In the face of climate change, increased rainfall, dryer summers and the rising cost of energy, they battle on.
To them I say, “I will always back my farming community.
Let’s work together to secure a future for farming across Exmoor, West Somerset and mid Devon.
Come to my monthly farmers’ surgeries so that I can represent my farming community to the very best of my abilities.”
Becoming an MP has been my ambition since I was 17, when I joined the Liberal party at school.
It has taken me four attempts over 43 years of campaigning, but now that dream has become a reality.
Without my family, it would have been impossible.
As a professional woman, I have broken several glass ceilings thanks to my inspirational grandmothers, Mabel and Jesse, who offered wise counsel; to Miss Whaite, now Mrs Michael Limb, my Latin teacher, who kept me sane at boarding school; and especially to my mother, who has always believed in me.
Mummy, thank you—I love you.
I am so proud to have her here today with my husband and our eldest son in the Gallery, so that she can see this moment.
Yesterday I celebrated my three-score-years birthday; I say to my Conservative colleagues, whose maths skills in government were found somewhat wanting, that that is 60.
I share my birthday with Margaret Hilda Thatcher, who must be one of the best recruiting agents for the Liberal and Labour parties.
I am proud that I share nothing with her other than a birthday.
My passion for politics flows from my compassion for my fellow human beings—whoever and wherever they are, irrespective  of background, race, religion, colour, gender, sexuality  or ability.
It is impossible to mention everyone and everything in one’s maiden speech, but if there is one thing that I wish my constituents to know it is this: they are my world.
I feel humbled and honoured to have been elected to represent Tiverton and Minehead in Parliament.
They can help me do my job by coming to my surgeries at Tiverton and Minehead, Wiveliscombe and on Exmoor, by ringing my office and my staff, and by writing us letters and emails.
I am at their service.
Ordered, That Stuart Anderson and Wendy Chamberlain be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Joy Morrissey and Tom Morrison be added.—(Mark Tami.)
Before we come to oral questions, the House will wish to take a moment to remember our former colleague Alex Salmond, who passed away at the weekend.
He served the people of Scotland for over 30 years as a Member of this House, a Member of the Scottish Parliament and, for two terms, First Minister of Scotland.
He was a tireless campaigner for Scottish independence, securing the UK Government’s agreement to the 2014 referendum and playing a leading role in the yes campaign.
His final departure from this House was in 2017, which marked the first occasion in more than three decades that he was not serving in an elected role either here or in Holyrood.
He leaves a deep and lasting legacy behind him.
His sudden death at the weekend came as a complete shock.
The thoughts of this whole House will be with his family and friends at this difficult time.
There will be a short time for tributes following Defence questions.