The hon.
Gentleman is right that one of the priorities that the Ukrainian President and Defence Minister have constantly stressed to us and other allies is the need for stronger air defence.
It is one of the reasons we have now let a contract for short-range air defence missiles: the lightweight multirole missiles.
We will produce 650 of those—some of them delivered into Ukraine before the end of the year—and we look to go further in 2025.
What progress he has made on delivering the global combat air programme.
I think you are meant to stand up when you ask a Question formally.
He’s new!
He’s far too grand for it!
Let me be absolutely clear that GCAP is an important programme, as the Prime Minister has stated.
That is why the Defence Secretary hosted his Japanese and Italian counterparts within weeks of taking office.
Progress continues, alongside the strategic defence review, with more than 3,500 people employed on future combat air.
I apologise if I was hypnotised by your gaze, Mr Speaker.
I worry about the Government’s grip on strategy all together.
First, they have given away the Chagos islands before the strategic defence review.
Now they are putting at risk the global combat air programme by including it within the SDR.
Is the Minister aware of the extreme efforts that our partners in Italy and Japan, visited by  the Defence Committee in the last Parliament, have made to discharge their side of the bargain—in Japan’s case for the first time since the second world war in international procurement outside the USA?
What measures is he taking to reassure them about the centrality and importance of the programme?
The Defence Secretary has clear instructions from the manifesto that Britain is to be better defended with a Labour Government.
That is why within two weeks of taking office the Prime Minister had commissioned Lord Robertson to conduct the strategic defence review.
The Prime Minister, the Defence Secretary and I have all made it clear that GCAP is an important programme.
Not only do we have an amazing workforce working on it
but I am pleased to tell the House that last month the UK ratified the GCAP convention, the international treaty that sets up the GCAP International Government Organisation.
We will continue to make progress.
GCAP will contribute £37 billion to the economy, but the Minister will know that the SDR being under review has led to a number of stories appearing in the press that the programme is about to cancelled.
As someone who once represented General Dynamics, which built Ajax, I know that a belief that something will not happen tends to cause problems within the local and national economies.
As the SDR goes ahead, will the Minister ensure that this House and the press will be kept up to date on how GCAP is developing?
GCAP is an important programme, and there will be further updates in relation to it as the SDR reports in the first half of next year.
In the meantime, we continue to progress the project; indeed, work is continuing across a range of necessary and important defence projects, because we do not want the SDR to be an excuse to slow down progress.
At a time when our troops and allies are operating in difficult and contested environments, we need to ensure that we invest in the kit that we need.
That is what the SDR will set out: the future shape of the UK armed forces.
What plans he has for future levels of spending on defence research and development.
Defence R&D is critical to maximising the operational advantage of our armed forces.
In an increasingly volatile and technology-driven world, the Department remains committed to investing in cutting-edge science, technology and innovation.
Just after my appointment to the Department, I was delighted to visit the commando training centre in the hon.
Member’s constituency to see the innovative training and capabilities of the future commando force.
Frontier technologies such as artificial intelligence are already shaping every domain across the modern battlefield.
To stay ahead of our adversaries and keep our service personnel and allies safe, it is imperative that we have the domestic ability to develop  these technologies.
As supercomputing is essential  for the development of advanced AI systems, it was disappointing to see the Labour Government pull the plug on the University of Edinburgh’s £800 million exascale supercomputing project.
From listening to the Secretary of State and his team, I know that they understand the need to invest in AI for defence, so will the Minister please inform the House how the Department intends to create these technologies when his party’s demand signal to academia and industry appears to be wavering?