In the run-up to the second world war, during an era of increasing international tensions, the Government opened up many new RAF airfields, in what was called the expansion programme.
One of those airfields was RAF Scampton.
Now that we are no longer to have illegal migrants there, this matter is sitting in the Home Office’s in-tray: will the MOD work with the Home Office to ensure that we keep the runway open for future use?
It is one of the best, longest runways in Europe.
Who knows—RAF Scampton might be not just part of the history of the RAF, with the Dambusters and the Red Arrows, but part of the future of the RAF and save us once again.
We will indeed work with the Home Office on the future of RAF Scampton.
I concur with the comments regarding the late Alex Salmond.
My constituent Hannah was refused entry into the RAF due to a prior anterior cruciate ligament injury, which is now fully repaired, recovered and rehabilitated.
Will my hon.
Friend review his Department’s policy on the rehabilitation both of armed forces personnel and applicants graded as medically unfit?
In August, medical standards including on ACL injuries were changed.
Decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis, but I would like to discuss it in more detail in person in due course.
Does the Secretary of State share my incredulity that he has not been told the cost of leasing the facilities in the Chagos?
I do not think the right hon.
Gentleman heard me; I said earlier that the Foreign Secretary had said the other day that the detail of the costs and the agreement will be set out properly before this House when it comes to consider and debate the treaty.
Devonport dockyard in Plymouth is where the UK repairs and maintains our submarine fleet.
In future, there will be even more submarines, and we will need even more infrastructure for that upkeep, so what conversations is the Secretary of State having with the Secretaries of State responsible for housing and transport to deliver that infrastructure to support our increased submarine programme?
I paid tribute to the previous Government when they put in place Team Barrow, in recognition of the fact that the future of its shipyard and submarine building programme was not just a matter for the Ministry of Defence.
I would say the same thing to my hon.
Friend, and I would be pleased to meet him to discuss it further.
In light of the latest Hezbollah attack on Israel, will the Secretary of State assure the House that we will continue to supply defensive equipment to Israel to help it defend itself against Iranian proxies?
We have an unshakeable commitment to the right of Israel to defend itself and we have demonstrated in the past a willingness to stand with Israel, particularly when it has been under direct under attack from Iran.
We now come to points of order before the urgent questions.
I will deal with them in a slightly different way from normal.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
3.38 pm On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In the wee hours of  9 June 2017 , I watched on as the most talented, formidable and consequential politician of his generation—a man who had represented the people of Banff and Buchan, Aberdeenshire East and Gordon; a man who had served for two terms as the First Minister of Scotland—lost his parliamentary seat for the first time in 30 years.
It is a moment I will never forget, not because of the nature of his defeat but for what happened next, because within just a few moments, Alex Salmond took to the podium and gave a speech that, despite all the despair that those of us in the SNP felt in the room that night, made us feel 10 feet tall.
He gave us back the hope that things would get better, and would get better quickly.
Rabbie Burns once wrote: “The heart ay’s the part ay That makes us right or wrang.”
Alex gave all of us in the SNP the belief that what we felt in our hearts was worth fighting for—the belief that we could one day become an independent nation.
Alex Salmond took us so very close to making that belief a reality.
At this time of profound shock and sorrow, I send my heartfelt personal condolences to Alex’s wife Moira, his wider family, his friends and his legion of fans across the nationalist movement and within the Alba party itself.
It is of great personal sorrow to me that Alex Salmond will not live to see Scotland become an independent nation.
The challenge for all of us now in the nationalist movement is to make sure that we put good his legacy and deliver the future he so badly fought for throughout his distinguished parliamentary career.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I know that colleagues from across the House will join me today in expressing our shock and sadness at the sudden passing of the right honourable Alex Salmond.
He was a Member of this House for 25 years and of the Scottish Parliament for 11 years, and he was of course First Minister of Scotland for seven years.
His impact wherever he served was profound.
My thoughts and sympathies are first and foremost with his family and friends, and especially his wife Moira, who has already been mentioned.
Members might not be aware that the Scotland Office brought Moira and Alex together; they met first as colleagues in that Department before marrying in 1981.
My thoughts are also with those whose relationships with him had broken down in recent years and those who are finding this time difficult as they deal with a range of emotions.
It is no secret that some of his happiest periods as a politician were spent in this place, where he made alliances that may to some have seemed surprising.
My thoughts today are particularly with  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (Sir David Davis) , who I know has lost a close friend, and with Alex’s SNP colleagues.
In the short period during which our careers in this place overlapped, I was always impressed with Alex’s formidable oratory and debating style.
No Member from any part of this House was given an easy ride.
He sat on the third Bench—where the leader of the SNP,  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , is today—during the passage of the Scotland Act 2016, chuntering and bantering in my ear every time I stood at the Opposition Dispatch Box.
His love of lively discussion extended beyond this Chamber, and I was always keen to keep the topic on our shared passion for Heart of Midlothian football club, rather than constitutional matters.
It is impossible to overstate the impact that Alex had on Scotland and our politics.
After half a century of involvement, from student activist to First Minister, whether you agreed or disagreed with his political objectives, there is no denying the rigour and commitment with which he pursued his goals.
That commitment saw Alex lead the Scottish National party for a total of 20 years, taking it from a small political movement to the party of government in Scotland.
In doing so, he secured a referendum on Scottish independence in 2014, an achievement that would surely have been scarcely believable for a student activist who joined the SNP in the early 1970s, and perhaps even for the Alex Salmond who first led the party in the early 1990s.
As someone firmly on the opposite side of that debate, I know that the result of the referendum was a source of huge disappointment to Alex.
It was testament to his conviction in the cause that he continued to campaign for Scottish independence with the same passion in Parliament, in the SNP, in the Alba party and in communities across Scotland throughout the past decade.
He has left an indelible mark on Scottish politics and public life.
I know that many in the independence movement and beyond will miss him.
I once again send the deepest sympathies on behalf of the UK Government to all his family and friends at this difficult time.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Opposition, I would also like to pay my tribute to the right honourable Alex Salmond.
As others have said, despite political differences, we were all shocked and saddened to hear the news on Saturday of Alex Salmond’s sudden passing.
He and I were both elected to the Scottish Parliament in 2007, and although we disagreed on many of the big issues of the day, not least the question of independence for Scotland, we all respect his dedication to public service as a Member of the Scottish Parliament, as a Member of Parliament and as First Minister of Scotland.
He was passionate, formidable, impressive and hugely charismatic.
Alex Salmond was undoubtedly a giant in Scottish and United Kingdom politics.
My sincere sympathies go to his wife Moira and to his wider family, in particular his sister Gail, who lives in Hawick in my constituency in the Scottish Borders.
My thoughts and prayers are with them all.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
Alex Salmond was not just a parliamentary colleague of mine; for a number of years, when we lived in Aberdeenshire, he was also my own Member of Parliament.
I confess that  I never actually voted for him, but that did allow me to see, and hear from all those who dealt with him in the north-east of Scotland, that he was genuinely a byword for energy and commitment in representing the interests of his Banff and Buchan constituents.
It was not until I was elected here in 2001 that I got to know Alex personally.
He and I both represented constituencies heavily dependent on the fishing industry, which was then facing an existential crisis, as cod stocks in the North sea collapsed.
At that time, we all had to be experts in the spawning stock biomass of North sea cod, and Alex, with his natural head for figures, could sometimes leave everyone in the room breathless as he interrogated the so-called experts about the statistical basis of what they were proposing to do.
The survival of a Scottish whitefish industry today is in no small part a result of his efforts then.
It was also in that first Parliament that I met and got to know Alex’s wife Moira.
I do not think it is speaking ill to say that Alex could divide a room; Moira, on the other hand, is someone about whom I have never heard anyone say a bad word.
She has always been unfailingly warm and friendly.
Her devotion to Alex was total and obvious to me from the first moment I met her.
So it is to Moira Salmond today that my thoughts turn.
I can hardly imagine the sense of loss that she must be feeling.
To Moira and the rest of Alex’s family I send my condolences and those of my party as we mourn the passing of Alex Salmond—a man whose like we may never see again.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
Very, very few people in this House change history; most of us are moved by it rather than moving it ourselves.
Alex Salmond was an exception to that, as we have heard from all the people—mostly his opponents—who have spoken well of him today.
He was a brilliant speaker, passionate about social justice and particularly passionate about his own country and his wish for independence and the Scottish nationalist agenda.
He was fiercely brave—something that we often miss in this place.
He was willing to challenge every established power structure.
He was incredibly energetic, erudite, intelligent and a brilliant leader.
As a result, he achieved the things we have heard about.
The Scottish nationalist cause went from what was frankly a minority interest to being a central part of Scottish politics, and indeed of United Kingdom politics.
He changed them all—something that very few of us will be able to do.
It was a tragedy that at the end of Alex’s career his own party and Government turned on him.
I am not going to elaborate on that today; this is not the right place for that.
But I will put on the record the comment made today by his lawyer, David McKie, who represented him through those really difficult times of his life.
Mr McKie said: “Alex’s courage and strength of character over the three-year period, from the Scottish Government launching an unlawful process against him, throughout his criminal trial in which he was cleared of all charges by a jury of his peers, to his unimpeachable evidence to the parliamentary inquiry, was absolutely incredible.
What he endured—the apparatus of the state turning against him—would have broken many people, but not Alex… I will always remember a truly incredible human being, with remarkable insight, strength of personality and a stoic restraint which many others could not contemplate.”
Alex was a very proud son of Scotland, but he was also a son of this House, of whom we ourselves should be proud.
I finish by offering my condolences and heartfelt wishes to Moira, the rest of his family and all his wide circle of friends.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It was with a sense of disbelief that we heard the news on Saturday afternoon; we all had to double-check that people were referring to the Alec Salmond whom we have all got to know so well.
In 50 years, he has become a colossus—a huge political figure in Scotland.
It is almost impossible to think of Scottish politics without Alec Salmond.
Alec recruited me to the Scottish National party in the 1990s; he was a fan of a band I played with.
I was able to return the favour some time later when I recorded him; another passion Alec had was singing.
Let us just say that it was not exactly a huge hit and that it did not bother the charts.
Alec was a man of many talents—there were many facets that made up Alec Salmond.
Watching Alec conduct political debate and work a room was to watch a political masterclass in engagement and communication.
He could do that with a charm that was so effective and beguiling that people naturally felt that they wanted to contribute and be with Alec Salmond.
Scotland will miss Alec.
We will all miss Alec in the Scottish National party.
We must always remember that he came close to delivering what many people thought was almost impossible—Scotland becoming an independent nation; a nation of our own.
He took the Scottish National party from a fringe interest—when I was first elected it had five MPs and we had 18% of the vote in Scotland—and we came so close to securing an independent nation of our own, which would never have been possible without the energy, charisma and dynamism of Alec Salmond.
We are all hurting in the Scottish National party today.
We have lost one of the giants of our political movement.
I hope that everyone extends their sympathies to Moira and the rest of the family, to his colleagues in the Alba party, and to everyone who worked with him throughout all these years in a mission that Alec helped to shape and design.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It is difficult to overstate the influence that Alex Salmond has had on the national movements, not just in Scotland but in Wales.
He has always been a true friend of my party, Plaid Cymru.
He is respected, and will be respected in future, for his extraordinary resilience and optimism.
He made the campaign for Scotland’s independence a political reality, and he changed the course of his nation—that is undeniable.
As I said, Alex was a friend to Wales, and  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart)  has already mentioned his many facets.
Our former leader, Dafydd Wigley, was going to invite Alex Salmond to speak at a conference on the Welsh poet, R. S. Thomas—I do not know how many people would expect that—as R. S. Thomas and Welsh poetry were one of Alex’s enthusiasms.
I extend every sympathy from my party, Plaid Cymru, to Moira, to Alex’s friends and family, and to our colleagues in our sister party, the SNP.
I am sure that everyone here sends them our deepest commiserations.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
The phrase “end of an era” is often bandied about, but Alex’s parting really does feel like the end of an era.
We were not friends; we had a professional relationship, I would say.
Sometimes it was cordial, sometimes it was less so, because we disagreed on some pretty fundamental issues.
I always respected Alex as one of the most formidable and, indeed, ruthless political operators of our generation—I think he would welcome that epitaph.
Alex’s greatest political triumph was to be both establishment and anti-establishment at the same time, which is a pretty difficult trick to pull off.
While he was at one moment First Minister of Scotland, he was also agitating to break up the United Kingdom.
While at one minute he was highly critical of the Conservatives, he was also relying on Conservative MSPs in the Scottish Parliament to sustain his minority Administration.
One of my jobs when I was first elected in 2005 was to keep an eye on Alex in the Lobby, because he had a habit of encouraging chats with new Conservative MPs.
His line was that if Scotland were independent, that would be great for them because there would be a perpetual Conservative Government in England.
We have recently seen that that argument is slightly flawed, but I had to ensure that colleagues were not tempted by it.
Alex was a skilled debater, and that was very often demonstrated in this Chamber, despite his expressed wish to leave it.
He had an authenticity and a common touch that are so often absent from modern politics.
That was always very evident when one saw him with his constituents.
I absolutely share the view of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  on Moira Salmond.
In my dealings with her, she was always a very charming and supportive spouse, and my heart goes out to her and to Alex’s friends and family at this very difficult time.