Ministers repeatedly state their commitment to reaching a spending level of 2.5% of GDP on defence, but they simply will not tell the House when they will do so.
It is no surprise that we are already hearing reports of potential cuts to programmes in defence R&D.
Will the Minister simply rule out cuts to defence R&D and science spending in this financial year and the next?
As a Government, we are committed to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We have set out clearly that that will be announced at a future fiscal event.
I must say that I am a wee bit disappointed, because I would have expected the Opposition Front Benchers to stand up and apologise for the mess that they have left not just the armed forces, but the wider economy.
The Government are committed to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We are committed to investing in our armed forces, and we will continue to do so.
May I concur with your comments about the late Alex Salmond, Mr Speaker?
The exchange of research and development between Ukraine and the UK is vital to improve the security of both countries.
What steps is the Department taking to learn from the innovative technologies from the battlefield to develop shared collaborative capabilities?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment as a shadow spokesperson.
I was in Ukraine a few weeks ago leading a trade delegation of British companies looking at precisely the issue of how we can learn from the battlefield experience of Ukraine, making sure that for the new technologies needed there, we  can invest in the supply chain—not only in the UK, but in Ukraine—to make it more resilient.
A lot of work is   ongoing in this area, but we will need to do more.
If we are to defeat Putin’s illegal invasion, we will need not only to restock our own supply chain, but to accelerate the provision of innovative tech to Ukraine.
That is what this Government are committed to doing.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The middle east continues to be a major focus for the Government.
Last week, we passed one year since the horrifying Hamas terror attack on Israel.
We marked the memory of those who were murdered, we grieved with the families of the hostages who are still held, and we share the agony of so many Palestinians over the civilians who have been killed since.
We are working on an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
In Lebanon we are working to reduce the risk of further escalation, and a ceasefire and the UN plan for a buffer zone are vital to that.
In addition, last week I visited British troops in Cyprus, where contingency plans are in place to deal with further developments.
On behalf of the House, I thank them for their professionalism and their dedication.
Can my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that every veteran who has bravely served this country has access to safe and secure housing, so that they never face the injustice of homelessness?
As I mentioned before, Op FORTITUDE is up and running.
It is doing exceptionally well, with over 2,000 referrals and 700 veterans finding housing, and we will work to continue that programme for the foreseeable future.