APRIL 30 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider S. 714, to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to include critical materials in the definition of critical mineral, and the nominations of Preston Griffith, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary, and Dario Gil, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Science, both of the Department of Energy; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine the nominations of Leslie Beyer, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Andrea Travnicek, of North Dakota, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of the Interior, and Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Tristan Abbey, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Energy Information Administration, both of the Department.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 29, to make daylight saving time permanent, S. 191, to require the Secretary relating to the requirements for commercial driver's license testing and commercial learner's permit holders, S. 196, to improve online ticket sales and protect consumers, S. 259, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to publish a list of entities that hold authorizations, licenses, or other grants of authority issued by the Commission and that have certain foreign ownership, S. 320, to authorize the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977, S. 580, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide training and guidance relating to human rights abuses, including such abuses perpetrated against the Uyghur population by the Government of the People's Republic of China, S. 606, to authorize the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to reimburse the Town of Chincoteague, Virginia, for costs directly associated with the removal and replacement of certain drinking water wells, S. 688, to combat illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing at its sources globally, S. 725, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to issue reports after activation of the Disaster Information Reporting System and to make improvements to network outage reporting, to categorize public safety telecommunicators as a protective service occupation under the Standard Occupational Classification system, S. 769, to amend the Research and Development, Competition, and Innovation Act to clarify the definition of foreign country for purposes of malign foreign talent recruitment restriction, S. 1003, to require the Federal Communications Commission to issue an order providing that a shark attack is an event for which a wireless emergency alert may be transmitted, S. 1081, to require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to submit certain reports to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, S. 1278, to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to conduct a project to improve forecasts of coastal marine fog, S. 1378, to enhance the use by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of artificial intelligence for weather forecasting, S. 1433, to reauthorize the Northwest Straits Marine Conservation Initiative Act to promote the protection of the resources of the Northwest Straits, S. 1437, to require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program to identify, evaluate, acquire, and disseminate commercial Earth remote sensing data and imagery in order to satisfy the scientific, operational, and educational requirements of the Administration, S. 1492, to require the Secretary of Commerce support the leadership of the United States with respect to the deployment, use, application, and competitiveness of blockchain technology, and the nominations of Olivia Trusty, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, Jared Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine opportunities to strengthen water infrastructure programs, focusing on the IIJA's successes.
SD-562 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Rodney Scott, of Oklahoma, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department.
SD-215 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider the nominations of Brian Burch, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile, Nicole McGraw, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, Thomas DiNanno, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, Sarah Rogers, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, and Allison Hooker, of Georgia, to be an Under Secretary (Political Affairs), all of the Department.
S-116 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 558, to provide for the consideration of a definition of antisemitism set forth by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws concerning education programs or activities, and S. 163, to require institutions of higher education participating in Federal student aid programs to share information about title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, including a link to the webpage of the Office for Civil Rights where an individual can submit a complaint regarding discrimination in violation of such title.
SD-430 10:15 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SD-226 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations To hold hearings to examine biomedical research, focusing on keeping America's edge in innovation.
SD-106 2:30 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 3:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine the rise of Antisemitism and supporting older Americans.
SH-216 4 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To receive a closed briefing on America's Air Force.
SVC-217