Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Edna Belle Pemberton, a beloved mother, grandmother, community leader, and a tireless advocate for positive change in the Oak Cliff community and beyond.
Born on March 27, 1944, in Chicago, Illinois, Edna was the youngest of nine children.
After losing her mother at a young age and growing up in the foster care system, she became a fierce advocate for her community and a force for good, committed to improving the lives of those around her.
Edna's earthly journey ended on April 13, 2025, at the age of 81.
Edna met the love of her life, the late DarNell Pemberton, while attending church as a teenager.
The couple's bond grew into a strong partnership, and they married on September 19, 1964.
Together, Edna and DarNell raised four daughters and, in a remarkable act of love and dedication, adopted and helped raise eight of Edna's nieces, nephews, and young relatives.
Their family of fourteen lived in California before relocating to Dallas, where they settled in the Oak Cliff neighborhood, where Edna's advocacy continued to grow.
A dedicated voice for the people of southern Dallas, Edna began her career at Kmart, where she worked her way up from stockroom employee to management, leading various community initiatives and supply drives along the way.
Her efforts to enact a youth curfew to improve safety, extend bus lines to provide better access to services, and save the Southwest Center Mall, formerly known as Red Bird Mall, stand as testament to her determination to make a positive impact on her city.
Edna was an active member of many local organizations, including the Dallas chapter of the NAACP, the Martin Luther King Center, and Camp Wisdom Now.
She was a founder of Positively Oak Cliff, a nonprofit coalition of entrepreneurs and community leaders, and served as a voter registrar and the precinct chair of her local precinct.
Edna received several Governors' awards for her contributions to her community, and she was honored to serve as a torchbearer in Dallas ahead of the 1996 Olympic Games.
Known affectionately as ``
Mrs. P,'' Edna was not only a community leader but a mother-figure and mentor to many.
She personified her faith in her daily life as an active and longtime member of Concord Missionary Baptist Church, where she made an immeasurable impact.
Her compassion for others, especially during times of disaster and financial hardship, made a lasting difference in the lives of countless individuals.
Above all, Edna Pemberton cherished spending time with her family.
Her unwavering love and support for her children, who have gone on to become educators, community leaders, and volunteers, serve as a shining example of the dedicated spirit and servant heart she poured into those around her.
She was a devoted wife, mother, grandmother, and friend to many, and her legacy of compassion, resilience, and community service will live on in the hearts of all who were fortunate enough to have known her.