The debate about both smoking and seatbelts raged for years, with much controversy at the time.
Some were demanding higher and higher levels of proof, while others argued that the matter could be dealt with simply through guidance and through individuals’ choosing to change their behaviour.
Does the hon.
Lady recognise that, unlike the indoor smoking ban in particular, the regulation of mobile technology and social media is very much not a one-off event?
When the Bill that was to become the Online Safety Act was published, it was genuinely world-leading in many respects, but, as  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  pointed out, many countries have now introduced measures that go further.
Should we not be taking action now and then continuing to develop it, rather than just introducing a series of reviews?
If the hon.
Gentleman will bear with me for a moment, I will come to some of the points that I think he wanted to emphasise.
In the end, in both those cases—seatbelts and smoking—legislation had  the effect of changing behaviour and changing societal norms, and in both cases, decades on from the introduction of legislation, it is hard to imagine that the regulation was ever controversial.
Last year, the Select Committee recommended action across Departments to protect children from addiction, online harms and the mental health impacts of excessive use of smartphones.
It supported a ban on mobile phones in schools and recommended a formal monitoring mechanism for a ban introduced through guidance, potentially leading to a ban in legislation.
It recommended guidance for parents, whom it found to be lacking in confidence when it came to knowing exactly how to tackle this issue affecting children and young people, and recommended that the guidance should include—particularly for parents of babies and very young children—an emphasis on the importance of face-to-face interactions with their children, and guidance on the impact of screen use by parents while caring for very young children.
That is an aspect that we do not debate enough in this place.
The Select Committee supported an increase to 16 as the age of digital consent and recommended, among other developments, the promotion of a children’s class of phone that can be used for parental contact and for GPS locations, but not for internet access.
I share the worry expressed by many Members that the Government are not acting with the urgency that is required in the face of the evidence they already have.
The Bill will deliver, even in the form in which it has been presented today, some positive interventions that will make a difference, but I fear that the Government are doing too little too slowly.
Parents want strong legislation, schools want strong legislation, and strong legislation will help to change societal norms in the way that is needed to protect children and young people and to stop the harms.
The Education Committee will take a close interest in what happens from now on—the impact of the measures that the Government are introducing—but I urge the Government to get on quickly with the review and the guidance to which they will commit themselves today, and to go further and establish, with urgency and speed, a framework in law that can help parents, schools and professionals working with children to deal with a challenge that we all need to get to grips with.
I am pleased to speak in support of the Bill.
I must start by declaring an interest: I am a mother of three children who enjoy nothing more than staring at their screens day in, day out—if they could, they would be on them 24/7.
No longer are our children clamouring to go out and play or to see their friends; instead, they want to do everything through a screen.
They want to watch endless YouTube videos.
I never realised that the unpacking of a toy or slime making could hold such interest.
It seems that they take their joy in watching others do things online—even, rather bizarrely, playing computer games—instead of actually doing them in the real world.
I would be a hypocrite if I did not call out my own behaviour on this front.
I, too, am addicted to my phone.
Yes, I need it for this job, so I can justify some of my  use, but I often find myself endlessly doomscrolling, and I am too embarrassed to tell the House how many hours I spend staring at it every week.
At least my addiction started when I was a fully developed adult, after a childhood of play and socialisation when I learned much-needed life skills.
This generation of children is not so lucky.
The huge amount of time spent online is incredibly damaging in so many ways.
It is no coincidence that we see a mental health crisis in our young people at the same time as mass adoption of smartphones and access to social media.
Some may underplay the importance of social media and screens in the challenges we face as a society, and indeed it can be difficult to conclusively prove the role of one particular factor in the effects we are seeing, but I suggest that when it comes to our children, we should always err on the side of caution and protect them from potentially harmful influences.
In a recent survey, social media and excessive screen time was ranked as the top issue affecting children’s mental wellbeing.
To put that in context, it was ranked higher than alcohol and bullying.
Another significant risk to mental health is exposure to harmful online content.
I am incredibly concerned about that, especially given the proliferation of extreme pornography, harmful content and unrealistic body images.
If children spend all their time in this fantasy world that is completely disjointed from reality, of course it will change how they view people, relationships and the world in general.
That is supported by Ofcom’s 2024 research, which showed that older teens are finding it harder to distinguish the real from the fake online.
The more mundane things in life that do not trigger a dopamine hit seem an even less appealing way to spend time to a child jacked up on likes and shares.
Children’s attention spans are getting shorter, and they have an ever-increasing need for higher levels of stimulation.
Is it any wonder that our children seem less interested in reading a book or baking a cake nowadays?
The evidence from Health Professionals for Safer Screens shows that children who routinely spend extended periods on their smartphones have poorer eyesight, inhibited speech and language development, interrupted sleep, and rising rates of anxiety.
We are allowing our children to become addicts.
Social media is designed with exactly that in mind.
It is meant to be addictive and compelling.
It wants users to stay online for prolonged periods and to keep engaging with content.
Those of us who use it ourselves know this all to be true, so how on earth do we expect our children to manage and moderate appropriately?
Ofcom’s 2024 research showed that the overall use of social media sites or apps among five to seven-year-olds had increased year on year.
Online gaming among that group had also increased significantly, as had the watching of livestreamed content.
Under current data protection law, the age at which children can access information society services—ISS—is 13.
ISS includes most social media platforms and content streaming services.
It is important to acknowledge that the Online Safety Act 2023 introduced protections for children by ensuring that online platforms will have to remove illegal content such as child sexual abuse material, prevent children from accessing harmful content—for example, that encouraging suicide, self-harm or bullying—and introduce age-checking measures to   restrict access to pornographic material.
Those are all very welcome improvements, but they need to be put in place at pace and be effectively enforced.
I commend  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for all his work on this important topic.
I will do all I can to support him in making the online world safer for our children.
The Bill is an important precursor to the myriad changes needed in this area, and I know that many parents will support him in calling for the digital age of consent to be looked at again.
While the Bill does not call for the age limit to be raised to 16, it does call for the UK’s chief medical officer to look at this important issue in detail and, ultimately, issue a statement on whether it should be raised.
Some 75% of Brits now back raising the minimum age from 13 to 16, as per a recent survey by More in Common, for all the reasons that have been raised today, and 129,000 people signed an e-petition calling for social media companies to be banned from letting children under 16 create social media accounts.
It is past time for tech companies—and Members of this House—to take responsibility for keeping our children and young people safe.
I am not normally in favour of blanket bans, and I often talk about the importance of parents and carers taking responsibility for their children.
However, in this instance, I deviate a little.
As a parent who is wrangling with this exact issue myself, I know how difficult it is to tell a child that they cannot do something that every single other child in their class is doing.
If their group of friends interacts only online, what are the consequences for my child if I prohibit them from joining in?
Isolation?
Loneliness?
Loss of self-esteem?
There are very real costs that should not be underestimated, which is why the state needs to step in.
Members will not often hear me say this, but the state needs to step in and remove the option for all, helping parents across the country who want the best for their children without the downsides.
My hon.
Friend vividly illustrates the problem with this kind of collective action and peer pressure.
Has she reflected on the fact that it is not just the addictive nature of the application that is pulling in our kids, but the fact that they are free, and therefore everybody is encouraged to get them?
We then get 100% coverage, and it is very hard to deny them to our child, if they will be the only child without.
I concur with everything my right hon.
Friend says.
It is completely accessible to all our children, so it is very hard for one child to be kept separate from it.
That is why it is important that we address it.
However, increasing the digital age of consent is just the first step—we have so much more to do.
We also need to ban smartphones in schools for children under the age of 16.
On a typical workday, 42% of older teenagers say their smartphone is distracting them from schoolwork, and half say that social media has distracted them enough to impact their grades.
Notably, only 11% of schools are genuinely smartphone free, and children at these schools get GCSE results one to two grades higher, so there is clearly a big upside to banning smartphones in schools.
I urge the Government to seriously consider implementing this much needed restriction, which would be a game changer, protecting children and improving  educational outcomes in one fell swoop.
Our schools need this ban in statute, not just in guidance, in order to be able to effectively police and enforce it.
I pay tribute to Smartphone Free Childhood for all its work to raise awareness on this important issue.
In closing, I hope that Members will support the Bill today, which would move us forward in our mission to protect our children from an increasingly insidious online realm that they are simply not equipped to navigate.
I also hope that this is just the beginning, and that in moving forward we will see the digital age of consent raised to 16 and a ban on smartphones in school.
The value of those two changes alone would be huge for our society, and would safeguard the wellbeing of this and future generations of children.
I cannot think of anything more important.
I come to this debate as somebody who bought their first mobile phone 30 years ago, at the age of 23—I was hoping Members would look more surprised at that.
[Laughter.]
Division!