The Minister said this in a debate in Westminster Hall the other day, and he is right that it is entirely invalid to infer causality from correlation, but the Bradford Hill criteria, which his hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington mentioned, are relevant, particularly the criteria of consistency, strength, plausibility, coherence and analogy, as well as temporality.
In any event, it seems odd that we allow something to happen to our children because we cannot 100% prove that it causes harm, rather than because we can prove that it is safe.
That is not the way in which we deal with children’s toys, food or medicine.
I turn the question around and say to people who query the direction of causality: with something like self-harm, are you honestly trying to tell me that incidents of self-harm in our country are nothing to do with the prevalence and normalisation of imagery around self-harm on social media?
As I say, I worry that if we continue to seek perfect information, we simply will not act as we should.
I have pages more to say, but I will not say them, because I know that many colleagues wish to speak.
I begin by thanking my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , who I have now started calling the patron saint of the smartphone-free childhood campaign.
He often comes up on the doorsteps in Beckenham and Penge when I speak to parents.
This topic has prompted a huge response both in my own constituency and across the country.
I welcome Elizabeth, Sarah and other constituents who are here to watch this debate.
I also pay tribute to Crispin, Raj and all the brilliant local parents and campaigners I have been working with on this.
I will spend some time exploring the wealth of feedback I have had from my constituents before talking about the type of change we need to see across the country.
That change needs to be cultural, to put children and parents first and to place the onus on social media companies and manufacturers to prove that their products are safe while ensuring that we do not miss out on the many benefits of technology.
Ahead of this debate, I engaged extensively with three key groups in Beckenham and Penge: young people, parents and school leaders.
Despite being the reason we are here today, young people are the group that we most risk excluding from the conversation, which is why I held a focus group at a local secondary school, Harris academy Beckenham, and spoke to students from a range of year groups about their views on how smartphones are changing childhood.
In that focus group, half of the students said that smartphones and social media overall have a negative impact on their mental health.
The majority of students told me that they would feel panicked without their mobile phone, and some spoke to me with quiet self-awareness about how they knew their mobile phone had acted as a barrier to interaction with their family.
This is time that they are not spending building meaningful relationships through face-to-face conversation and developing the social and communication skills that they will need in life.
The second group, teachers, offered another perspective.
On Monday, I was delighted to bring together a group of 12 primary and secondary school headteachers from right across my constituency.
We discussed the impact  of their students’ smartphone use in and out of schools.
What stood out the most from that conversation was the sheer amount of time that they as school leaders have to spend week after week dealing with issues that have taken place on their students’ phones—cyber-bulling, sexting, the sharing of graphic videos or explicit photos, often of the students themselves.
All those and more are crossing our teachers’ desks and demanding hours of their time every day, pulling them away from their core and crucial job of educating.
Finally, there are the parents.
In Beckenham and Penge, concerns about smartphone and social media use easily fall into the top five issues that constituents have contacted me about since my election to this House last July.
Last Friday, I put out a survey asking parents in my constituency for their views; within  a week, I have received well over 500 responses.
Some 89% of respondents agree that smartphones and social media have a negative impact on their children’s mental health, but what makes that figure more shocking is that 70% of those who agreed with that statement are parents of primary-aged children—that is children under the age of 12.