Finally, the Bill calls on Government to conduct more research and further develop the evidence and guidance that is so important for future action.
Given how rapidly these devices and services are developing, it is vital that parents and carers are given up-to-date advice on the harm their children might be exposed to.
Why has this not been done before?
The technology companies that are profiteering off this rewiring of childhood are incredibly effective at casting doubt over any evidence of a link between screen time and negative impacts on children.
This is not the first time an industry has fought against a tide of evidence in order to keep peddling their product.
In the 1960s, the tobacco industry was lobbying hard against the link between smoking and cancer.
In the absence of evidence of a causal link, they cast doubt on the overwhelming correlational evidence available.
In the end, our Government acted on the basis of correlational studies using criteria set by the epidemiologist Sir Austin Bradford Hill.
The criteria attempt to help policymakers to make decisions when causal studies do not exist.
His criteria included that “Consistent findings observed by different persons in different places with different samples strengthens the likelihood of an effect.”
For example, the fact that students across the western world began reporting feeling increasingly lonely in school from 2012 is important.
Another criterion is that “Greater exposure should generally lead to greater incidence of the effect”— essentially, the dose-response effect.
Studies of multiple large datasets, including the UK’s own millennium cohort study, show that teenagers who are heavy users of social media are more likely to suffer from depression, anxiety, eating disorders, body dysmorphia and other mental health harms.
It could take years for evidence of a causal link, through scientific studies, to be established.
In the meantime, our children’s mental and physical health degrades, their education continues to be affected, and evidence of a correlation gets stronger and stronger.
As lawmakers, we must use tools such as the Bradford Hill tests to make the best possible decisions with what we know now.
We must act on excessive screen time today, in the same way that we acted on smoking back then.
Like debates that were had on smoking and car seatbelts, it took a process of legislation, rather than one big-bang event.
That is why starting with these initial steps today, then following them through with major action soon, will be so important.
Let me address head-on the arguments made against taking action to curb social media and smartphone use by children.
As I see it there are five common arguments against action.
First is that there is not enough evidence to act.
Over the past few months, I and others have had a number of evidence sessions and engagements with experts that have shown that that is plainly untrue.
Even so, where should the burden of evidence sit?
Should it sit with parents and campaigners who have noticed the damage being done to their children, with children themselves who are calling for more support, or with the companies who are selling them products and services that are designed to be addictive and have completely transformed the nature of their childhood?
When it comes to protecting children from harm, a precautionary approach is surely advised.
For almost any other product, companies would have to prove that it was safe before selling it to children, rather than being free to sell that product as they wish, until the evidence of harm becomes so overwhelming that something needs to be done.
It is instructive that the US Surgeon General advice states that social media has not yet “been proved safe.”
Second is the argument that this is simply the latest in a line of moral panics.
People used to fear that watching too much television would turn their eyes square; in the Victorian era, that reading novels would degrade intellect; or in the 20th century, that playing violent videogames would turn all our children into thugs.
But for every example of overblown moral panic, we have many more examples of genuine public health crises that we took too long to address, but eventually were forced to tackle.
Research that has come out this morning from More in Common demonstrates that this is not an issue of luddite older generations bemoaning shifting social trends.
Concerns about social media and smartphone use are dominant in every generation, and half of generation Z regret the amount of time that they are spending on social media.
The third argument I hear is that the genie is out of the bottle, and it is too late to do anything now.
Phones and social media are undoubtedly here to stay, but their harms do not need to be.
Regulation can find a way of allowing children to experience the benefits of this technology, without being exposed, relentlessly, to its harms.
As introducing seatbelt laws saved thousands of lives from road traffic accidents without killing off the car industry, introducing a virtual seatbelt can protect  children from excessive screentime.
Action in other countries, and our experience with the Online Safety Act 2023, early though it is, has shown that tech companies are not beyond the power of Governments.
The fourth argument, which tends to come from big tech, is that proper age verification is too difficult, and age restriction unproven—that the technology does not exist or is imperfect.
As companies such as Yoti and many other age verification platforms show, that is no longer the case.
I am also a technology optimist.
The reason why this technology is not yet pervasive is insufficient demand.
Introduce the regulation, and technology will have to catch up—we will see that in Australia later this year.
There are some suggestions that it is not the Government’s job to get involved and that this is an issue of parental responsibility.
That misses the point that this is a collective action problem.
Parents and children alone are not able to establish new, shared rules for something that is addictive at a societal level.
The reason why smartphones and social media are causing so much stress and conflict in families is that we are giving parents the unenviable choice of either removing devices and ostracising their children or giving into demands for access and living with the health, sleep and learning consequences.
Additionally, not only are parental controls at device, operating system and app level confusing and opaque, but our own existing data laws give children as young as 13 the power over their data that means that they can opt out of those parental controls in year 8 of secondary school.
We disempower parents on a problem that is common across society, then when they ask for help, we say that it is a matter of personal responsibility.
I hope that today’s debate can bury the argument that responsibility for this problem lies with parents struggling with that impossible challenge.
I just thought my hon.
Friend might like know that I will not be making any of the arguments that he is arguing I should not argue.