I could not agree with my hon.
Friend more.
Edinburgh has a thriving space sector, as does Scotland.
My hon.
Friend has for many years been heavily involved in work to grow the economy in Edinburgh and the Borders, and I pay tribute to him for that.
I must, however, take this opportunity to pick a minor bone with my hon.
Friend.
He mentioned that Glasgow does not have a castle, and I wish to correct the record.
We have a fine ruined castle called Crookston castle.
It is the second-oldest building in Glasgow.
The first-oldest building in Glasgow is the beautiful cathedral.
I will not indulge in a dispute about whether Edinburgh or Glasgow is the better city.
They are both beautiful, great cities.
Glasgow is slightly better, but there you are.
I am obliged to my hon.
Friend for his intervention, and I am also glad to be able to correct that point.
There is another reason why it is important that we have a thriving space and satellite industry.
Space is critical to defence, and we must have a thriving space sector to protect our country.
The United Kingdom works with allies to ensure that our interests are defended in space.
However, the world is becoming more unstable, and it is essential that we have our own capabilities to launch and operate satellites from the United Kingdom,  and this Bill is important in that regard, too.
It will help to secure a vibrant end-to-end space industry in the United Kingdom, and that is important for defence.
To take one example, having our own domestic launch capability is important, and a vibrant civilian sector will help to cover the costs of that launch capability.
This Bill also has a national security theme.
Owing to much hard work, including by the last Government, the UK Space Agency and many others, the United Kingdom also has a firm foundation for a thriving space industry.
In the time available, I cannot provide a complete survey of the vibrant and growing space industry, but here are some key points.
One key task we have had is to develop our own launch capability to put satellites up in space, and then to get them back down.
That is why there is so much chat about spaceports—in my life, at least.
SaxaVord, the UK spaceport in the Shetland Islands, is one of only two licensed vertical launch spaceports in Europe.
That is at the far end of the north of the map of our family of nations.
Down in the far south-west, we also have an operational spaceport in Cornwall.
That illustrates that space is an opportunity for our family of nations from the very top to the very bottom—I mean that only in a cartographic sense; I am not looking to offend any Members from Cornwall.
There are also spaceports under construction and planned in: Sutherland, on the far north of the coast of Scotland, to the west of Thurso; North Uist, a wonderful place, which I commend as I spent much of my honeymoon there; Glasgow Prestwick; Spaceport Machrihanish, on the southern tip of the Argyll peninsula, which I would also recommend for a visit to Scotland; and, Snowdonia.
Some may wonder where those places are.
They are all wonderful places, and they illustrate that space is an opportunity across the United Kingdom.
Let us turn to the satellite or, as Lou Reed sang, “Satellite of Love”.
The UK has incredible talents in manufacturing satellites and satellite technology.
As a Scottish MP, I focus on Scotland, and as a Glasgow MP, I focus on Glasgow, but let us start in the Moray firth, where my mother came from.
It has a fine tradition of engineering.
For those who follow highland league football—I suspect I am in a minority of one in the House today—the fact that Forres Mechanics is one of the oldest football clubs in the north of Scotland points to a tradition of engineering there.
The Jones shipyard in Buckie is another great engineering industry in the north of Scotland.
Of significantly more relevance to this debate is that Forres is home to Orbex, which is developing a rocket called Prime.
It will be the first UK-manufactured and UK-launched orbital rocket.
Prime is set to take off from SaxaVord in 2025.
Prime is set to take off from SaxaVord in 2025.
The UK Government have recently announced a £20 million investment in Orbex—an important investment that demonstrates the opportunities being brought to the north of Scotland, for which we need to redouble our efforts to secure economic growth and prosperity.
My home city of Glasgow has a rich history of innovation and an incredibly promising cluster of space expertise.
As a Glasgow MP, I am determined that it should have a bright future in space.
Glasgow is building more satellites than any other city in Europe.
There are   fantastic companies in the area including, Alba Orbital, which specialises in PocketQube satellites, AAC Clyde Space, which has expertise in small satellite technology, and Spire Global, which is a leading provider of space-based data analytics and space services.
This year is Glasgow’s 850th birthday.
The Bill will help secure the prosperity of Glasgow for the next 850 years, creating jobs and economic growth in my great city of hard work, innovation and enterprise.
There is clear economic analysis that shows that the space industry is an important opportunity area for growth and jobs.
The latest “Size and Health of the UK Space Industry” report estimates that 228 organisations in Scotland generated a combined income of £298 million in 2021-22—almost double that of 2018-19 in real terms.
About 6,500 people work in space in Scotland, and the figure for the UK is between 48,000 and 52,000.
Income amounts to between £17.5 billion and £20 billion.
There are more than 100,000 jobs in the supply chain as well.
Let us pause for a moment on that: we have only just got going on this and we have 48,000 or more jobs.
There is much potential here for many more good, high-paid jobs of the future, which is what Britain needs.
The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 1, Noes 75.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I began my career as a teacher.
I first entered the classroom in 2009.
At the time, we were just beginning to see the use of smartphones among teenagers—there was the odd phone in the classroom and the odd instance of a child being bullied through their device—but neither I nor any other teacher at the time could have imagined the impact these devices would come to play in childhood.
From speaking to children and parents today, it is clear that children’s excessive screen time and unhealthy social media use are fuelling family disputes, childhood unhappiness and parental concern the length and breadth of our country.
The problem is growing and voices of concern are getting louder.
It is now time to act.
Today, the average 12-year-old spends 21 hours a week on their smartphone, which is the equivalent of four full days of school teaching a week; 93% of 12 to 15-year-olds are active social media users, and 76% of teenagers spend most of their free time on their screens.
This is a fundamental rewiring of childhood itself, and it has happened in little over a decade.
Children are spending less time outside and less time reading, exercising, exploring, meeting people and communicating in person—all the things that make childhood special and are necessary for healthy childhood development.
Instead, many of our children now spend their time captured by addictive social media and smartphone use—often sat alone, doomscrolling; being bombarded by unrealistic representations of life; communicating through asynchronous large group chats, rather than by looking at facial expressions, eye contact and body language, or learning to interact; moving less; smiling less; learning less; and growing increasingly anxious and depressed.
This rewiring of childhood has only one winner: the balance sheets of social media companies.
Their business model, the very essence of their business, is built around monetising attention.
As their understanding of our consumer habits and technology improves, the encroachment on childhood is set to get worse and worse.
What has been the impact of this transformation on childhood?
The use of smartphones and social media has grown in parallel with a sharp increase in depression and anxiety among teenagers.
The trend has been reflected around the world, and the trend lines everywhere have tightly followed one another.
Greater time spent on social media and smartphones has run in parallel with higher rates of anxiety and depression.
What are the credible explanations for this phenomenon—for the worldwide explosion in adolescent mental health problems—if not social media and smartphone use?
I am sure that nobody here needs me to highlight the crisis faced by child and adolescent mental health services.
Our NHS is desperate for any action that might help to address this.
The threat posed to our children by excessive screen time is not limited, though, to just their mental health.
There is increasing evidence of a strong association between screen time and childhood obesity.
Smartphone  use also affects sleep.
Children are 79% more likely to sleep less than the recommended eight hours if they use their phones.
Some 45% of teenagers—nearly half—stay awake beyond midnight most weeks.
This of course also has an effect on learning.
Four in 10 teenagers admit that their smartphone is distracting them in school and from the grades that they could achieve.
For some children, the ubiquitous use of smartphones has forced them into a world of round-the-clock, inescapable bullying and abuse.
Over 73% of girls and young women have experienced online harm in the last year.
The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has reported an 82% rise in childhood online grooming crimes in the last five years, and Ofsted found that 90% of girls and nearly half of all boys have been sent explicit pictures or videos.
This bombardment on childhood has not gone unnoticed outside of this building.
Across the country, the number of incredible campaigners who have built huge communities calling for change has directly led to today’s debate.
That is why I need to take a moment to thank all those who have contributed in some way to the development of this Bill and this debate, many of whom are in the Public Gallery.
First, I must reserve my biggest thanks to Ben Kingsley of Safe Screens, and Joe and Daisy Ryrie and everyone else at Smartphone Free Childhood.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, to see the value of the contributions in kind that they have made to get us here today.
I am extremely grateful for all their hard work and dedication to this cause.
Their continued leadership on this issue gives me enormous confidence that laws will ultimately change to tackle these issues.
I also put on record my thanks to the tens of thousands of parents who wrote to their MPs via Smartphone Free Childhood—and I apologise to the 630 Members of this House who got extra emails to respond to in the process.
I would like to associate myself with my hon.
Friend’s warm words about Daisy and Joe, who are both constituents of mine.
Does he also recognise the impact that their ambition has had, and will continue to have, long after this debate?
Their dedicated work has helped to start real and meaningful conversations about smartphone usage in schools across the UK.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The campaign they have started will only grow over time.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s comments so far, but the emails I have received from constituents who support his campaign make reference to “raising the age of ‘internet adulthood’ from 13 to 16” and “to help support the ban on phones in school being brought by MP Josh MacAlister”.
He will forgive me for saying that nothing he has said so far requires legislation.
The Bill he has brought could all be achieved by the Minister just deciding to ask the chief medical officer to produce a report, or the Minister producing a plan.
What has happened to the legislative action that was clearly in earlier drafts of his legislation and which campaigners clearly want?
I will get to that in my speech.
I am keen to get on to those points, and I will address the questions the hon.
Gentleman has asked.
The Smartphone Free Childhood campaign has grown from zero members to over 200,000 in less than a year, which shows the strength of feeling in the country on this issue.
It would be remiss of me not to start by thanking my hon.
Friend for the leadership he has shown on the issue.
He has started a big conversation not just in this Chamber, but right across the country.
That is certainly true in my constituency, where we have a fantastic local Smartphone Free Childhood campaign group, and lots of the young people I meet on my school visits and in campaigning conversations across the constituency have real concerns about this topic.
As always, the views of parents and young people on these things tend to lead the way.
Does he agree that, as well as being ambitious about gathering evidence, we will need to become more comfortable with the idea of legislating in this area with the same precautionary principle that we apply in every other aspect of children’s lives, to ensure that we protect them from the harms they are expressing to us?
I completely agree that progress is inevitable, given the strength of feeling in the country on the matter.
I was grateful for the substantive research document pulled together by Rachel, Tom and the team at Nesta, which clearly demonstrates why action is needed, and for the polling and focus group research done by the New Britain Project and More in Common, which shows how popular taking action is among children themselves, as well as parents.
Thanks also go to Arabella Skinner and Dr Becky Foljambe at Health Professionals for Safer Screens and all the health professionals they mobilised to engage with the development of the Bill, who witness at first hand the impacts of excessive screen time on the physical and mental health of the nation’s children.
Our teachers and school leaders are also on the frontline of seeing the impact on children in their care.
I thank, in particular, the headteacher of the John Wallis academy, Damian McBeath, who organised hundreds of his colleagues in support of the Bill; Teach First; the Ambition Institute; all the school and academy trust leaders who backed the Bill; and the teaching unions the Association of School and College Leaders, the National Association of Head Teachers, NASUWT and, in particular, the National Education Union, which is leading a big campaign on social media and smartphone use, with a report out just this morning.
Children’s charities are alive to the detrimental impact of smartphone and social media use on this generation, and I have been delighted to have the backing of the big five: Barnardo’s, the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Action For Children, the National Children’s Bureau and the Children’s Society.
That is in addition to data and testimony provided by UK Youth, OnSide, the Scouts, Girlguiding, Coram and the King’s Trust—they have made their mark on this debate.
A special mention goes to the current and former Children’s Commissioner for England for their backing.
Organisations representing parents have been vocal about the need for further action, and I record my thanks to Sue, Rhiannon and the wonderful team at Mumsnet for all their coverage and for the debate they have instigated on the topic.
I also thank ParentZone and Parentkind for their contributions to the Bill hearings.
I also thank all the other members of the public and professionals who came to the Bill hearing processes; there are too many to mention, but they certainly made an impact on the Members of Parliament who attended.
Finally, I thank the 5Rights Foundation and members of the Bereaved Families for Online Safety group, who I met alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Lola McEvoy) .
They experienced the most devastating consequences of smartphone and social media use.
They have done what many would find so difficult to do and have turned personal tragedy into a campaign for urgent change.
I want to thank Ellen Roome, Mariano Janin, Lisa Kenevan, Ruth Moss, Lorin LaFave, Amanda and Stuart Stephens, and Esther Ghey for their bravery and for engaging with the development of the Bill.
With the problems so stark and the calls for change so loud, what is being done to respond to those issues around the world?
Just this week, the Republican governor of the conservative state of Utah has passed America’s first law mandating age verification for app stores, to ensure that children use only age-appropriate apps, when their parents are happy for them to do so.
Australia has legislated for an outright ban on social media below the age of 16, which will come into force later this year, and last week Denmark moved to ban mobile phones in schools and after-school clubs.
Last year, Norway increased the minimum age limit on social media to 15 by changing the age of consent for data sharing.
France has done the same, and has pushed for measures to be taken across the EU.
Will it be just British children who are left unprotected against addictive harms of smartphones and social media?
We cannot let that happen; we must act.
It is time that we caught up.
That is why I am so pleased to be debating this issue today, following months of engagement across Government and beyond, with hundreds of health and education professionals; children’s, youth and online safety charities; parents, and young people themselves.
I introduced the Bill because of the stark difference between conversations taking place out there in the country and the debates that we have here in the nation’s Parliament.
It is fair to say that the public are well ahead of politicians on this issue.
Today marks progress towards Parliament finally catching up with the mood of the nation.
The Bill has been drafted to secure explicit Government backing.
It has been written to achieve change rather than just to highlight the issue.
That is why it is narrower than where I started when this campaign began six months ago.
I hope that the Minister will confirm in his response that the Government will take forward the measures in the Bill.
What does the Bill do?
Most importantly, it commits the Government to coming back within a year with a decision on whether to raise the digital age of consent from 13 to 16.
Under general data protection regulation, the standard age of consent was set at 16.
However, countries can choose to vary it to as low as 13, which is what the UK chose to do at the time.
The appropriateness of that decision must be   assessed, given the ways in which social media companies are now using teenagers’ data to keep them hooked to their platforms.