There are moments when politics falls behind the public mood.
The process and traditions of our democratic system make it difficult to keep up with the rapidly evolving world of tech and social media, but this Parliament works best when it is a reflection of the problems and concerns of the people and a Chamber for earnest problem solving and action.
Over the last few months, I have been encouraged by the sheer volume of support for this Bill and this debate, which comes from across the country, across the ages and across the House.
My firm belief is that unless we as politicians are able to be the disruptors on this issue and solve it, we will be left being disrupted by it.
Acting assertively together and sooner will bring benefits for our tech industry and public services, the quality of family life in the UK and, most importantly, the opportunities for our children.
For those reasons, I commend this Bill to the House.
The hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , from the far and beautiful north-west, has made an extremely strong case for the original Bill that  he envisaged bringing before this House.
I am afraid that today I will speak not to celebrate progress, but to lament the gutting of what could have been a landmark Bill.
Sadly, this Government, like the last—notwithstanding the Online Safety Act 2023—have dithered, diluted and capitulated, and I am afraid that what remains is a hollowed-out gesture and an opportunity missed.
As the hon.
Gentleman said, the evidence is strong, the damage is profound and the public support is overwhelming.
Documentary after documentary details the significant damage being done to our young people on a daily basis.
Parent after parent in millions of homes across the land is screaming for help and assistance from the Government.
As the hon.
Gentleman rightly pointed out, we are allowing smoking for the brain in our youngest children, with the long-term impact that that will have.
I am afraid to say that in the face of all that overwhelming evidence and momentum, the hon.
Gentleman has been done over in bringing forward this Bill.
When we look at what we are presented with, as I said, we have nothing more than a gesture.
The first point is that the CMO should bring forward guidance.
As the hon.
Gentleman surely knows, there is already plenty of guidance out there for parents—the NSPCC has online guidance, as does Internet Matters.
Lots of organisations, including schools themselves, are issuing guidance for parents.
In truth, the CMO producing guidance within 12 months will be no more effective than those organisations have been, and possibly less.
As the hon.
Gentleman himself pointed out, we are dealing with a collective action issue.
An organisation can issue guidance, and a small percentage of parents may pick up that guidance and observe it, but if the percentage is below 20%, so strong is the peer pressure and so addictive is what we are dealing with that those parents end up in screaming matches with their teenage children on a daily basis.
By explaining that there are so many fragmented and—no doubt—contradictory sources of information, surely the right hon.
Gentleman is making the argument for there to be a single source of advice to parents right across the United Kingdom?
Surely this Bill will create an authoritative set of guidance for parents that they can share with their children.
I am not convinced that the guidance created by this Bill will be any more authoritative than that created by the NSPCC or by Internet Matters.
The point I was making was not necessarily that the guidance is going to be pivotal, but that we need to get to a critical mass of observance before guidance is likely to have any impact.
The original Bill was likely to do that, not least through the ban in schools, which created a nucleus of clear space for children that could be translated into homes.
Many Members may have heard on the BBC this morning a short piece on the Fulham boys school, which has an absolute ban on even bringing a smartphone to school.
That ban during the school period has resulted in the periods before and after school also being phone-free, and therefore much more social and beneficial to those pupils.
I urge the right hon.
Gentleman to be slightly less sceptical about the value of CMO advice.
As he knows, I have campaigned for many years on  acquired brain injury, particularly in relation to concussion or sub-concussive events in sport.
It was a very significant change when, under the previous Administration, the British Government brought forward specific advice in relation to concussion in sport.
That has changed practices in lots of sports around the country, and I am hopeful that authoritative advice of this kind could make a significant difference.
I would be willing to accept the hon.
Gentleman’s encouragement if this were advice to schools, but it is not; it is advice to parents and carers.
If there were going to be authoritative advice for schools, as well as other organisations that have charge of children—scout troops, children’s clubs, and other publicly funded organisations that look after children—I would have said, “Possibly,” even though there is to be a 12-month delay before the CMO tells us stuff we already know, as the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington pointed out.
The second step is for the Government to publish a plan for research within 12 months.
That is not the conclusion of research, and there is no time limit—just a plan, a vague aspiration that we should have a plan, with no commencement, no sense of budget and no idea of when it might come.
I am sorry to say that the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington has been sold a cosmetic pup.
The third and final point is that the Government have to publish this “assessment”—whatever that may be—which, as far as I can see, is fundamentally to tell us something we already know, and which the hon.
Gentleman has illustrated extremely vividly.
We should all be furious about the delay and prevarication that is being injected into what could have been a huge step forward for parents and children.
I am one of the people who is very angry about this, and my right hon.
Friend is a co-sponsor of this Bill, so his disappointment must be even greater.
However, does he agree that one way forward would be for this Bill, with its present inadequate drafting, to get its Second Reading and go into Committee?
The people’s representatives in Committee would then be able to restore the Bill into something closer to what they expected.
I was going to come on to that later, but my hon.
Friend is completely right.
I support very much what the right hon.
Gentleman is saying about the need for urgent action.
What conversations were had before  4 July  last year about tightening up legislation around smartphones, because this problem did not start on the day of the general election, but was there when his party was in government?
As I said at the start of my speech, I lament the dithering and delay by the previous Government, too.
There were attempts by Back Benchers—and I was one for the last two years of the Government—to change the Online Safety Bill to take exactly these sort of measures.
That was rebuffed by Ministers at that stage, and I regret that completely.
To me, this is a national, if not international, emergency, about which we are being  far too passive and complacent.
I am not necessarily making a political point about this; it is about the weight of Government and, frankly, the weight and influence of big tech against the health and welfare of our children.
That applies to Governments of all stripes in all countries across the world.
It is not just we in this Chamber who should be furious.
There are plenty of people out there in the country who should be furious, because two key things were promised in the original Bill.
The first was an absolute school ban.
All Members will know that when they go to visit schools, one of the features coming through strongly when we talk to headteachers is the increase in parental aggression towards schools.
The source of conflict at the school gate is around all sorts of issues, not least the use of phones in schools.
By advocating a complete blanket ban on phones in schools, we would be removing at one stroke a source of conflict between parent and teacher, as well as at the same time creating completely clear space for those kids to concentrate on their education.
In school upon school across the country, they are bringing in their own policies, often in the teeth of opposition, whether parental or from children.
Their life is made immeasurably more difficult by not having an absolute ban.
The second thing that was promised and the second reason why we should be furious was the raising of the digital age of consent.
By not including that in the Bill, we are consenting to those tech companies—as they have admitted in meetings in the run-up to this Bill—using children’s data to addict them to their services.
We know that happens, and we see it happening.
Anybody who has a teenage child and has tried desperately to move them off from cradling this precious phone at the dinner table or even from watching TV at the same time will see how they cannot get away from their phone and will realise the addictive nature.
The fact that neither of those two steps is now in the Bill is, I am afraid, deeply lamentable.
It feels to me as though the Government have capitulated to big tech.
I had a look online to see—I am not casting aspersions—but it would be helpful if the Minister could tell us in his remarks what meetings he had with big tech companies in the run-up to this Bill, and whether he has consulted or spoken to them.
[Interruption.]
The Minister is indicating zero, and that is useful to know, but I cannot then understand why the Government have pressured the new Member for Whitehaven and Workington to produce what is, frankly, a cosmetic pup, betraying our children and capitulating to big tech.
I am afraid that this Bill is a shell of what it could have been, and as a result is yet another missed opportunity to improve the lives of our young people.
I start by paying tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for introducing this Bill and for his work to advance the debate on the need for action to halt the harms caused by mobile phones and screen time to our children and young people.
Less than a year ago, in the previous Parliament, the Education Committee published a report on the impact of screen time on education and wellbeing.
Based on a careful examination of the evidence, the Committee concluded that “the harms of screen time and social media use significantly outweigh the benefits for young children, whereas limited use of screens and genuinely educational uses of digital technology can have benefits for older children.”
It is worth restating the evidence that the Committee looked at.
We saw a 52% increase in children’s screen time between 2020 and 2022, and it has continued to rise since that time.
Twenty-five per cent of children and young people use their phones in a way that is consistent with behavioural addiction—a staggering statistic.
One in five children aged between three and four has their own mobile phone.
One in four children has their own phone by the age of eight, and almost all 12-year-olds have their own mobile phone.
This is a very rapid change in behaviour, which has happened without any corresponding policy or regulatory framework.
There is substantial evidence of the negative effects of the rapid increase in the use of smartphones by children.
Research by the Children’s Commissioner found that 79% of children had encountered violent pornography online by the age of 18.
Girls and young women are particularly affected by the pressure to conform with the unrealistic body images that they see on social media.
It is not only girls and young women; eating disorders and body dysmorphia are also rising rapidly in boys and young men.
Eighty-one per cent of girls aged seven to 21 have experienced some form of threatening or upsetting behaviour online.
Mobile phone use is fuelling a rapid increase in sexual crimes committed against children online—up 400% since 2013.
One in five children aged 10 to 15 has experienced at least one type of bullying behaviour online, and three quarters of them say that this has happened either at school or during school time.
There are impacts on learning at home and in the classroom, too.
It can take up to 20 minutes for pupils to refocus on what they were learning after engaging in non-academic activity on their phone.
Children have worse working memory, processing speeds, attention levels, language skills and executive function.
The sheer amount of time spent looking at screens is also contributing to our children becoming more sedentary and less active.
As with all harms affecting children, it is those with the greatest vulnerability who suffer the most.
Children in care, care leavers, young carers, children living in poverty and children with additional needs are the most susceptible to online harms.
Vulnerable children are also at risk of criminal exploitation when using their screens.
Social media and online gaming have been described by those leading the work to tackle county lines exploitation as the foundation of county lines recruitment.
The crisis in the mental health and wellbeing of our children and young people is well documented.
We are raising a generation of children and young people who are struggling with anxiety, depression, body image issues and eating disorders.
Every generation of parents has to help their children navigate a set of challenges that they did not have to face themselves.
Screen time and social media are surely the parenting challenges of our generation.
We have ample evidence of the harms that are being done.
We also understand much more than previous generations about children’s brain development and the way that   the vital building blocks of their brains develop rapidly during childhood, and we know that screen time is quite literally rewiring young brains.
The hon.
Lady’s speech is fascinating.
What she is saying is reflected by correspondence in my inbox from parents saying, “We need help,” and from youngsters saying, “We know our concentration levels at school are affected.
We know it’s an addiction.”
This issue is uniting families in that way, and I hope that the hon.
Lady, who chairs the Education Committee, can push the Government, on behalf of both parents and children, for a change in outcome.
The Education Committee will certainly continue to take this issue extremely seriously and to monitor what happens, and I will say a little about that in a moment.
We know that screen time is quite literally rewiring young brains, resulting in lower cognitive abilities and affecting language acquisition, critical thinking, social skills and attention span.
When the Government have evidence of harm, they have a duty to act.
The point of legislation in this case is its power to change societal norms in a way that will make a difference to parents and professionals who are currently struggling to limit the harms of screen time, but lack the back-up to do so.
There are many comparable examples, with smoking and seatbelts being the most obvious, in which the evidence of harm became clear but the debate raged for many years, with counter-arguments against legislation.
As the hon.
Lady says,  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  has done an enormous amount of work, and it is obviously desirable for the Government to act in the face of evidence.
Does she think that the Bill, as negotiated with the Government, constitutes action?