Over the past six months, the Bill has been a lightning rod for the conversation about children’s access to smartphones and social media.
The Bill does not mark the end of that conversation; rather, it marks the start of a national debate on what childhood in the online age should look like.
I am glad that the Government have positively engaged with the Bill and that, through this legislation, we can now see a path towards ensuring that we give children the best possible, and crucially the least harmful, start in life.
Between 2017 and 2021, there was a 60% increase in the number of children with a probable mental health condition, including depression, anxiety, eating disorders and body dysmorphia.
The impact was particularly acute for young women, as many have mentioned.
Screen time also has links to poor physical health outcomes, such as childhood obesity.
I was particularly concerned to learn, in one of the hearings on my hon.
Friend’s Bill, about data linking screen use to shortsightedness and worse eye health.
A report from the College of Optometrists in 2023 found that cases of myopia among children aged five to 16 have risen by 12% over the last five years in the UK.
Heavy smartphone use also impacts sleep patterns and the ability to fall and stay asleep—as many of us will know.
One study found that children are 79% less likely to get the recommended eight hours of sleep if they use their phones.
That clearly has an effect on their attainment and life outcomes.
Indeed, four in 10 teenagers admit that their smartphone is distracting them from schoolwork.
Clause 1 requires the UK chief medical officer to publish advice for parents and carers on the use of smart phones and social media by children, which we welcome.
This is particularly key because the issue of young people’s smartphones and social media requires a public health focus, as has been argued.
We know that almost all children have a smartphone by the age of 15 and that, as my hon.
Friend said, it is vulnerable children who are spending significantly longer on their phones.
It is our duty in this place to protect children, who are vulnerable, and the most vulnerable children.
For almost a quarter of children, smartphone use has become a behavioural addiction, and that is not accidental.
Tech companies have created products without the input of child development experts, and we know this because they told us that they did not have any child development experts on their product boards when they came to a  session organised by my hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington.
These algorithms seek to get young people hooked before they can even properly comprehend it, and like a drug, they keep coming back for more.
Children have sadly lost a love of reading, with levels at their lowest in the UK among our children, and of the outdoors.
As Jonathan Haidt argues in his book “The Anxious Generation”, childhood has ceased to be play-based and has become phone-based.
This simultaneous over-protectiveness offline and under-protectiveness online has created a perfect storm for inhibiting children’s development.
For example, we are witnessing a marked increase in referrals for delayed speech and language abilities.
There are now pram adaptations for babies and toddlers to watch smartphones, rather than learning from the stimulus of the real world around them.
I hope that the chief medical officer’s remit extends to working with early childhood and speech and language organisations to issue guidance for parents in the very early years.
The online world that we are sending our children out into is not a world we would send them out into in real life, and yet this is their real life.
Children as young as seven are stumbling across and are currently freely able to access pornographic content online.
The Children’s Commissioner found that one key area where children access pornography is, perhaps surprisingly, the social media platform X. Eight in 10 children have encountered violent pornography online by the age of 18, and that is having serious consequences, desensitising young boys and girls and warping their perceptions of healthy sex and relationships.
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
In this debate, we are focusing a lot on children, but the reality is that these scars will endure for the rest of their lives.
This access to pornography will scar their relationships and their ability to form relationships for the rest of their lives, which is another reason why the Bill is so very important.
I am incredibly grateful for my hon.
Friend’s intervention.
That is very true.
We have seen a huge 40% increase in the use of strangulation of women in sexual relationships, and there is much to suggest that this is related to more and more young people watching strangulation in pornography online.
That is another subject, but I would definitely like to see that go as well.
It is really important that the commencement of age verification in the Online Safety Act, which was introduced by the previous Government and supported by those on the Labour Front Bench at the time, must be upheld and to the most robust standards.
I look forward to the Minister saying that that is exactly what the Government will do.
That is exactly what the Government will do.
I am grateful to the Minister.
Social media is fuelling the rise of extremist misogyny online and normalising harassment and violence against women and girls in real life.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kettering (Rosie Wrighting)  so bravely  recounted in this place yesterday, we are not immune to that in this place.
Some 90% of girls say they have been sent an explicit picture or video.
The New Britain Project, More in Common and the National Education Union recently ran a focus group in my constituency with parents about their children’s access to smartphones.
In the group, a mother spoke of how her daughter was so regularly sent dick pics that, by the age of 15, she was used to drawing a little sombrero on the picture, sending it back and blocking the sender.
The mother said: “No child that age should be seeing male penises.
It is quite traumatic, isn’t it, for a kid to be witnessing that kind of thing?
But it is everywhere.”
Children should not be forced to find a way to cope—with funny pictures—because something incessantly traumatises them.
We would not accept our children being flashed in the streets, so why is it different online?
Why do we not expect the tech companies to act?
Their products allow this to happen to our children all day, every day, yet we still do not have any movement from them.
We know that the problem is only getting worse, particularly with the use of Al and the rise of nude deepfakes.
Thankfully, the Government are now taking strong action on deepfakes, but I urge them to go further by considering age verification for app stores, so that our young people know that when they access app stores, the content is right for their age and level of development.
Online sexual crimes committed against children have risen by 400% since 2013.
A generation is growing up chronically online, raised by the internet, and we cannot stand idly by in the name of freedom or freedom of speech.
There is no freedom in addiction, in being harmed or in children being underdeveloped because they have not experienced socialisation, the great outdoors, the pleasure of books, or simply not being harmed by being sent horrible things that they should not have to see.
Children in the online world are taught to look up to role models with unhealthy opinions, unrealistic beauty standards and conspicuous wealth beyond their dreams.
Children are being marketed to and sold to, all day, every day.
When they cannot afford or look like what they see, they feel worthless.
Children are cyber-bullied.
They are exposed to content that encourages self-harm and competitive anorexia, and romanticises suicide.
That has already caused untold harm for parents who have seen their children take their own lives after engaging with such material.
Our children are becoming infected by an epidemic of loneliness.
At some point, we in this place have to say, “Enough is enough.”
As a parent of young children, I know that parents cannot and should not be expected to do this alone; we need a decisive legal and cultural shift that reclaims childhood for the real world.
Every month there is a “How to detox from social media” article about taking ourselves away from toxic social media—just like how to detox after Christmas.
We read that content as adults, because we also struggle to stop looking at social media, so why do we expect our children to exercise self-control that we ourselves do not have?
The UK must follow countries such as Australia by raising the age of online consent from 13 to 16.
Some 55% of Gen Z and 86% of parents in the UK support that idea, and 130,000 people recently signed a petition on the UK Parliament website to that effect.
I also believe that we need to create a new watershed of social  norms by banning smartphones at school.
Too many of the headteachers I speak to who are doing the right thing by banning smartphones in their schools tell me that they get complaints from students and parents who see that other schools do things differently.
It makes it harder for parents to enforce rules and norms in their own homes when they cannot point to principles that the whole country adheres to.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Anas Sarwar, the leader of the Scottish Labour party, on announcing two weeks ago that he would ban mobile phones in schools across Scotland?
Of course I join my hon.
Friend in those remarks.
Parents and future generations will not forgive us if we do not act swiftly.
In the Government’s assessment under clause 3, I hope that we will finally see a recognition that the status quo is not working for children or parents and that radical action is needed.
Only then can we work to ensure that children can grow up and develop without trauma, without harm and without being addicted to being harmed and traumatised.
This Bill gets us closer to that, and I am happy to support it.
Our children’s use of phones and social media give us many things to worry about, but broadly speaking they are grouped into three categories.
The first is about content, going from pornography and violence and the insidious effects of curated lives, influencers and celebs on our children and their sense of self-worth, their body image and so on through to dodgy news and views propagated across the internet not by worth, let alone veracity, but by engagement and likes.
All of those things have vortexes that children can get sucked deeper and deeper into.
The second is about contact.
Contact includes, in the worst cases, child abuse and the generation of child sexual abuse material, and goes through to, at a lower level, contact that can be from other children, such as what we call in this House cyber-bullying, although no child ever uses that phrase; they just talk about people being very mean to each other online.
The third is about the sheer amount of children’s time that gets sucked into these activities.
It is the compounding factor, because it is the thing that makes the other two things, content and contact, worse and more risky.
It also has an effect on children’s sleep, on their concentration and even on their physical development, and it crowds out the other things that we want children to be doing and that children themselves want to be doing, when they do actually do them.
If we ever do get a child away from their phone for a full weekend, they talk about how wonderful the experience was with their friends.
The Online Safety Act 2023 did some good things on content and on contact.
There was more to do, but it made some good progress.
We have a lot more to do, in particular on the topic of time and the addictiveness of social media, and that is where I think the work of  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  has been incredibly valuable.
I commend  him on all his work in the lead up to this point and his use of convening power to bring together so many individuals and organisations.
Those conversations, some of which I had the opportunity to attend, covered a huge range.
Obviously the Bill we have in front of us today is, shall we say, somewhat thinner than the Bill envisaged.
I also attended events that the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington pulled together.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the strong characteristic that came out of all of them was deep and profound anger among parents about what has been allowed to develop?
I think that is right.
The other thing I was struck by in some of the sessions was the great unity of views.
Whether it was trade unions, charities, parent groups, doctors or parents, there was a great commonality of view about what needed to be done.
I understand what happens sometimes with private Members’ Bills and the need to make progress and to have Government support, but I say to the Government that this is a huge missed opportunity.
If the Minister looks behind him, he will see all his colleagues who have rearranged their Fridays and rearranged their surgeries and all their appointments because they believe in this subject.
He should heed the list that his hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington read out of all the organisations that came together in support of action in this area.
It is so worth doing, and we have made good progress with the Online Safety Act, but there is further to go.
There are things we can do with a private Member’s Bill that it is harder sometimes to do with Government legislation, because of the party political controversies that come in.
This is a missed opportunity, because this may well be the only private Member’s Bill with a good chance of success in this area, being at the top of the ballot, in this entire Parliament.
The Bill as drafted is unlikely to require this House to divide, because there is not much in it that anyone could disagree on.
I will, if I may, focus my comments on the things that the Bill envisages, such as the CMO’s advice for parents on the use of smartphones and social media, and the plan for research that the Secretary of State will prepare on the effect of the use of social media on children and the appropriateness and effectiveness of the so-called digital age of consent.
I will say one very simple thing to the Minister about that research: the evidence is not perfect today; it will not be perfect in one year; it will never, ever be perfect.
If we hang around waiting for perfect evidence, we will never act in the way that we should.
Why is it not perfect?
Because this is a phenomenon that has happened across the entire world at the same time.
There is no control group.
Given that this is such a huge topic, the studies that there are, which try to narrow it down to something manageable, tend to end up looking at either Facebook or Twitter, neither of which is particularly relevant for teenagers.
When we have proxy studies, they are generally inadequate.
For phone use in schools, studies tend to look at a school that has a phone ban and a school that does not.
That is a totally invalid scientific comparison, because there could be all sorts of other things going   on, and the sort of school that is likely to do well in GCSEs is also likely to bring in a phone ban, so we cannot prove the direction of causality.
People will also tell us that there has not been enough time, because the technology is constantly developing.
It may have been around for 20 years or so, but the current version of it has only been around for 18 months, so there has not been time to say conclusively what the effects are.
None of that is about to change.
The evidence will continue to be imperfect.
However, the evidence that we do have is pretty clear.
We know, as  the hon.
Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes) , who chairs the Education Committee, mentioned, that there can be some benefit from relatively small amounts of screen time.
The 2019 programme for international student assessment—PISA —study covered this in some detail, looking at multiple countries.
It talked about a “Goldilocks” effect, whereby about an hour of screen time a day seemed to be correlated with increased wellbeing.
But the same study found that in almost every country studied, with the fascinating exception of the Dominican Republic, high levels of internet usage were associated with lower levels of life satisfaction.
There are lots of other studies, which colleagues have referred to, that look at happiness, quality of relationships, eyesight, sleep, concentration and so on.
Then there is the rising prevalence of mental ill health in young people.
Often, when people look at the numbers on mental ill health, particularly in teenagers, they reach immediately for their preferred explanation for why teenagers are having these difficulties, and sometimes it gets quite political.
It is important to note that the rise in teenage mental ill health is not a uniquely British phenomenon.
On the two main measures of mental wellbeing used in the 2021 UNICEF-Gallup “Changing Childhood” study—“How often do you experience feeling worried, nervous or anxious?”
and “How often do you experience feeling depressed or having little interest in doing things?”—the UK was broadly in line with the average of 21 countries, including France, Germany and the US.
Actually, it was slightly better on most of the measures.
There are ample other studies from around the world, including the World Health Organisation’s multi-country “Health Behaviour in School-aged Children” study, France’s EDC—I will not attempt the language—study, which is quite a long time series, and the shorter time series in the United States, “Trends in Mental Wellbeing”.
The best study of all is the NHS’s “Mental Health of Children and Young People in England”.
I say in passing to the Minister that I do not think we have yet had a commitment from the Department of Health and Social Care to carry on with that time series.
It is incredibly valuable, and that is a relatively simple thing that the Government could do.
I have said that the rise in teenage mental ill health is not a uniquely British phenomenon.
It is also not only about covid.
A lot of the studies in recent years have set out to answer the question, “What happened to children’s mental health during covid?”
That is a perfectly legitimate question, but if we look at the shape of the curve, it looks very unlikely that it started in covid, and in the NHS study, it carries on growing long after covid, up until the most recent wave.