Fifteen years ago, many tech leaders claimed that the rising mental health crisis among children and young people was unrelated to screen use.
However, emerging data refutes that.
A study from King’s College London revealed that nearly 25%—one in four, for those who still use old money—of children and young people engage with their smartphones in a manner consistent with behavioural addiction.
Indeed, we are not dealing with the same passive tech bosses who were satisfied in just promoting that addictive quality to sell their platforms to children.
Even in the past year, the digital landscape has shifted so much that some tech bosses are actively refusing to remove violent material and eating disorder content from their platforms, under the guise that doing so would infringe those individuals’ free speech.
As we all know, there is a considerable disparity between the two, which is why I strongly support raising the age of digital adulthood.
This issue is particularly urgent in my constituency of the Isle of Wight West, where young people face some of the highest rates of under-18 mental health and  self-harm-related hospital admissions in the south-east—they are also among the highest in the country.
Accessing the necessary support is made even more difficult by the island’s isolation.
The high cost and limited availability of ferry travel—hon.
Members were waiting for me to say that—creates significant barriers, leaving many young people struggling without the help they need.
Already facing the pressures of an increasingly connected world, they are further disadvantaged by transport restrictions that make seeking specialist care on the mainland far more challenging.
Tech companies have proved time and again that they see kids as nothing more than pound signs.
The more time that platforms can keep children glued to their screens, the more money they make, and they achieve that by maliciously harvesting their data and using it to push content designed to keep them hooked, prioritising what is most addictive over what is safest.
By prohibiting tech companies from collecting data from under-16s, the Bill would aim at the heart of the exploitative algorithms designed to keep young users online for longer.
It would ensure that children are no longer targeted with addictive content designed to prioritise profit over their wellbeing.
I therefore support the Bill.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  on bringing his private Member’s Bill to the House.
I am proud to be one of its sponsors.
It has clearly been a complicated journey to get to this point, and the Bill may not resemble quite what he originally had in mind, but the sheer fact of introducing the Bill has lit up a national conversation about the impact of smartphone use and social media on our children.
The conversation was growing ever louder, but it has now spilled over passionately into the inboxes of nearly every Member of the House.
The Bill may not be as ambitious as some would like, and the wheels may turn slowly in this place—far slower than the lightning pace of modern tech—but I assure every one of my constituents in South Devon who wrote to me about the Bill and who campaign loudly on this topic that their voices have been heard.
Within the bounds of our political system, we as MPs, parents and grandparents not only have heard them, but share their concerns.
I hope that this is just the first step on a journey that will be far-reaching and fairly swift.
I know that I am not alone in being somewhat disappointed that the Bill is but a shadow of its former self and that the Government are so timid in what they are willing to do to try to save our children and young people from something that is clearly causing them considerable harm.
That is why the Liberal Democrats have decided to pick up the baton and table an amendment to the Data (Use and Access)
Bill, calling on the Government to bring UK data law into line with many other European countries by raising to 16 the minimum age that a user must be before an internet company can collect, process and store their data without parental consent.
I look forward to seeing the guidance from the UK chief medical officer on the impact of smartphones and social media on children.
Six years is a long time in the  tech world and we know that much has changed since the guidance was last written in 2019.
I also welcome funding for more research into the impacts of social media and phone use.
I expect the new research will not differ too much from what has already been written, following studies from various developed countries, including the UK, Japan, Canada and Australia: that over the past 10 years, a period in which smartphone usage has exploded, the number of mental health admissions to hospital in teenagers has risen by 65%; that admissions for eating disorders among girls aged 11 to 15 have gone up by a staggering 638%; that childhood myopia is up 50%; that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder diagnoses are up 56%; and that more and more children are struggling with difficult speech and language challenges.
No, we cannot say for sure that there is a direct causal link, but we can see the trendlines in the graphs.
We know they started rising before the pandemic was ever heard of, and we know it is not just the UK that is experiencing such troubling developments.
We do a lot to protect our children in this country, and that is down to a mixture of practice, custom and legislation.
We generally do not let our children smoke or drink, and we certainly do not let them drive cars.
We put babies in ever more sophisticated car seats, and we know that it is not a good idea to put fizzy drinks in babies’ bottles.
Yet a recent Ofcom report said: 100% of 17-years-olds have a mobile phone; 28% of five to seven-year-olds have one; and, most worrying still, 17% of three to four-year-olds have one.
Yet medical professionals from all disciplines tell us of the harm children are experiencing from long hours spent glued to a screen.
As a proud co-sponsor of the Bill, I too have heard from health professionals who have given evidence to us on mental health, obesity, eyesight and more.
We heard heart-rending stories from parents whose children had been subject to the most horrific online abuse and from some who have, unbearably, lost their precious children as a result of harms in the digital world.
While their stories were extreme and deeply troubling, somehow, incredibly, it did not even seem that shocking that the online world had wrought such devastating harm to real lives.
What is happening online is clearly impacting the everyday lives of children and teenagers, and we, as responsible adults and legislators, have a duty to try and mitigate those harms.
I am thinking particularly of the horrible, dangerous misogyny of the likes of Andrew Tate, which is being lapped up by boys who are under his influence—boys who then spread his misogynistic hate speech.
I am thinking of the violent pornography which is being accessed and viewed by children as young as nine or 10; pornography that is not just naked pictures like you would find in an old-fashioned top-shelf magazine, I’m told— You’re not old enough.
Thank you.
We know that violent pornography that celebrates assault and rape is leading to an increase in harmful practices, such as strangulation, that it warps the way young people view sexual relationships, and that it is directly impacting on health and wellbeing, particularly of young women, across the country.
Yesterday, this Chamber heard some brilliant and impassioned speeches from many women hon.
Members, timed to coincide with International Women’s Day tomorrow.
And on a day that celebrates women, we think about girls too.
I do not want our girls to think they have to share nude photos to be liked, or to worry themselves sick about the shape of their body to the point that they stop eating.
We have heard about the rise in the number of children who have speech and language challenges.
It is known that sticking a baby in front of an iPad will not help it learn to communicate.
Babies need interaction with human faces and voices to learn.
We heard about how children’s eyesight is worsening because they spend so many hours looking at a closely held screen.
We all know about the incessant rise in poor mental health, anxiety and depression among teenagers.
Parents across my constituency of South Devon are desperate to protect their children, but overwhelmed by the digital world and the power it has over young people.
They want us to support them with legislation, so that they can push back against the might of the tech giants.
We must not let the tech giants lobby us in the way that tobacco companies did so successfully for decades.
Children are addicted to screens because of wicked algorithms that lure them in and keep them hooked; struggling with their body image because they do not look like the influencers they are watching; depressed at their lives because they do not resemble the doctored, airbrushed, Instagram image of perfection they see on their screens; and brainwashed by influencers who spew toxic messages through their pages.
They know this, but they find it hard to counteract it, and we know that the brightest brains in the tech world have designed social media apps to do exactly that.
One former Facebook employee said: “You have a business model designed to engage you and get you to basically suck as much time out of your life as possible and then selling that attention to advertisers.”
We must unlock the potential of technology by designing it with children and young people in mind.
Our amendment to the Data (Use and Access)
Bill would not ban children under 16 from social media; instead, and more importantly, online services would need to change how they deal with children’s data and create a less addictive, more child-friendly online environment.
Our amendment calls on the Government to prioritise robust standards for digital technology, so that rights and privacy are upheld by design and default.
In Devon, 2,591 parents have signed the pact saying that they will not buy their child a smartphone, yet we know that tech use is one of the biggest causes of friction in families, and parents need our support to back that choice.
It is a public health matter.
The Liberal Democrats are open to the idea of a legal ban on smartphone use in schools, enshrining existing guidance into law.
We hope the Government will look seriously at that.
This measure should not be about restricting freedoms; it should be about creating an environment conducive to learning and free from distractions.
We also understand the need for discretion, and exceptions must be made for young carers or children who use smartphones to monitor health conditions, ensuring fairness and practicality.
Parents must be empowered to protect their children online, including through digital literacy education, and advice and support for parents on best practice is key.
I also want to see a public health programme similar to those we have seen on seatbelts and smoking over the years, so that no parent can be left unaware of the potential harms of letting small children become addicted to a device that will cause so much harm as they grow.