I was pleased to sign the 2017 Bill and to put my name, along with that of the Prime Minister, to the 2019 amendment.
I pay tribute to the families.
I made a pledge to them yesterday: we will see no watering down of the Bill.
I call to mind Khadija Saye, who died in Grenfell Tower, and that is why it is such a privilege to steer through the House this important law on behalf of not only the 97, but many, many others.
It is estimated that £80 million is locked in disabled children’s funds, such as junior ISAs and child trust funds, with parents unable to access them on behalf of their children.
The constituent of my hon.
Friend the Member for Horsham (John Milne), Andrew Turner, has met no fewer than eight Justice Ministers and fought tirelessly for years to make the Court of Protection application process accessible to parents who are trying to access the funds for their disabled children.
Will the Minister update the House on the Government’s timeframe for simplifying the process?
I was pleased to meet Andrew Turner and  the hon.
Member for Horsham (John Milne)  on this important issue.
We have to get the balance right between protecting vulnerable adults from financial abuse while at the same time ensuring that they can access assets that are theirs.
It is complicated and requires cross-Government work, but I assure the hon.
Lady that the impetus is there.
Further to Ministers’ earlier answers about waiting lists in Crown and magistrates courts, coroners courts also have a large backlog.
I have a constituent who has been waiting nearly three years for an inquest to be completed.
What can be done to relieve the pressure on grieving families who have been bereaved and to speed up the process?
I have had several productive conversations with the chief coroner, looking at how we can make the inquest process as quick as possible to ensure that the bereaved are supported and not left traumatised waiting for their inquest.
The Bill we are laying before Parliament today, the Hillsborough law, has many parts looking at how to improve the inquest process and it gives more powers to coroners.
We are looking at what more we can do on the reform of inquests.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and others on how to improve the coronial process.
Since 2021, Chichester Crown court has been used as a Nightingale court to catch up with the huge backlog of cases.
As court delays continue to slow down our justice system, will the Justice Secretary please give consideration to making Chichester Crown court a permanent Crown court, which would be the only one in West Sussex?
I know the hon.
Lady’s constituency well, so I will take a close look at the issue.
Victims of sexual crimes are understandably often traumatised.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure the long-term sustainability of specialist support for those victims—such as the Calderdale WomenCentre, which provides supports for victims in Calder Valley—in particular given the long waits for justice and the high demand for trauma-informed support?
May I put on the record my sincere gratitude to the WomenCentre for doing all it can to support the victims of these crimes?
Support services are a vital element of ensuring that victims and witnesses engage with the criminal justice system, and are kept informed about the uptake of their trial.
We have ringfenced funding to protect these special support services.
We are currently going through the allocations process to ensure that we have support services at the front of our minds, and I will be happy to keep my hon.
Friend updated as that comes forward.
In July this year, alongside a cross-party group of parliamentarians and others, I wrote to the then Lord Chancellor seeking a meeting regarding improving gatekeeping and alternative dispute resolution in family court matters.
I have not received a response.
Can the Lord Chancellor give me the reassurance that such a meeting will take place?
Yes, I can.
Barlinnie prison is operating at 30% above capacity, and His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons is strongly urging Scottish Government action before the £1 billion replacement is  finally built in 2028.
What steps are Ministers taking to avoid the costly mistakes of the SNP Scottish Government in tackling the prison capacity crisis?
The SNP is running down Scotland and wasting taxpayers’ money on the new Barlinnie prison—more than double the original estimated cost.
We are doing much better on this side of the border, and we are working with colleagues to see what we can do about that situation.
Does the new Secretary of State for Justice recognise sharia law and sharia courts in the United Kingdom—yes or no?
Sharia law forms no part of the law of England and Wales, but where people choose to put themselves before those councils—in common with Christian, Jewish and other courts of faith—that is part of religious tolerance which is an important British value.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to officers at Harlow police station?
During recess, I went on a ride-along and saw their professionalism and dedication at first hand.
I agree with my hon.
Friend 100%—and not just because a lot of those officers are Spurs supporters.
Prison officers at Whitemoor prison in my constituency have raised concerns that the recruitment process for staff is not working effectively and is unduly bureaucratic.
Will the Secretary of State write to me with his assessment and look at what changes could be made?
Yes, of course, and I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.