Just last month, the country was crying out that the Justice Secretary must face justice after his scandalous failure to register a licence for fish.
Well, he thought he was off the hook, but finally it is justice for Lammy.
I know that he has a previous and rather traumatic experience with one John Humphrys on “Mastermind”, so I hope that he is sitting comfortably.
How many foreign nationals are clogging up our prisons, and does  he stand by the letter he signed that opposed the removal of 50 foreign criminals, one of whom went on to murder?
I will look forward to this.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman is so good that my predecessor was promoted, and that he is auditioning for another job.
Let me be clear: returns under this Government have gone up 14%.
I took a keen interest as Foreign Secretary.
They will be going up further.
I will give it to the Justice Secretary; that was a better reply than the one he gave when he was asked which monarch succeeded Henry VIII and he said Henry VII, but it was not the answer that I was asking for.
In fact, there are 10,772 foreign nationals in our prisons, and that figure has gone up under Labour.
The obstacle to so many of their removals is the European convention on human rights, which has morphed into a charter for criminals.
The previous Justice Secretary pretended that we could reform the ECHR, but the Attorney General, Lord Hermer, has stated that that position is a “political trick”.
Is it a trick that this Justice Secretary intends to play on the British public?
I know the right hon.
Gentleman was a corporate lawyer, but he really needs to get into the detail.
We are reforming through the Sentencing Bill so that we can get people out of the country by deporting them on sentencing.
He needs to get into the weeds and look at the Bill—he can do better.
I have to raise a harrowing case from my constituency.
An 84-year-old mother and grandmother reported being sexually assaulted in her care home by one of the workers.
When this was reported, it was found that that care worker was already being investigated for a number of similar assaults.
The family have waited over a year already to get into court, and they have now been told they will have to wait until 2026.
Will the Minister meet me to review this case?
Importantly, the family also ask, can we look at how we learn from this, to improve the system for other families?
I am deeply troubled by this case, and of course, I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
It is hard to think of a more graphic illustration of what we mean when we say that justice delayed is justice denied, and it is exactly why this Government are gripping the backlog in our courts, with record sitting days, increased sentencing powers for magistrates and by proposing once-in-a-generation, bold reform of our criminal courts.