The Minister will be aware of the plight of Zoe Ward and Cody Townend, two mums from Leeds who tragically lost babies in different circumstances but who both went to the same funeral director, who did not treat their babies’ bodies with the dignity, care or respect that they deserved.
Despite the shocking details of these cases, the police found nothing actionable because the funeral sector is not regulated in any way.
Will the Minister commit to meeting Zoe, Cody and me to discuss these horrific cases, but also to talk about how quickly we can regulate the law in this area to ensure that what happened to them never happens to anyone ever again?
The whole House will be utterly horrified at the cases of Zoe and Cody and what they have had to go through.
Dignity for our deceased should be upheld by all as something of fundamental importance.
My colleagues and I are committed to ensuring that we get funeral regulation right, and I am working on that with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the Department of Health and Social Care, and the Department for Business and Trade.
I would be honoured to meet my hon.
Friend, Zoe and Cody to discuss this further.
What steps he is taking to support witnesses through the criminal justice system.
Supporting victims and witnesses is key to ensuring that offenders are brought to justice.
Measures are in place to support victims.
We have already discussed those measures, such as section 28 and the Ministry of Justice-funded victim and witness services.
The witness service provides emotional and practical on-the-day support to help prosecution and defence witnesses in criminal courts across England and Wales, because we need them to be able to give the best evidence possible.
I recently met a constituent who had served as a juror in a very distressing child sexual abuse case.
She highlighted the profound impact that such trials can have not just on the witnesses themselves, but on the jurors, who may experience trauma and even post-traumatic stress disorder.
Although the appointment of the new Victims’ Commissioner is welcome, could the Minister outline what support is available for jurors who have to cope with the impact of the evidence they see and hear in such distressing cases?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
I would like to take this opportunity to put on the record my thanks to everyone who does their civic duty by taking part in jury service.
Juries are a cornerstone of our justice system and carry out an important function.
There is support available for jurors, and I am so sorry to hear of her constituent’s situation.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me, I will happily look into this more and work with her on what more we can do to support jurors, who do such a brilliant job.
My constituent Billy Boyack saw his wife Angela and son Stephen killed in a head-on collision.
The driver responsible initially showed no remorse and was already banned from the area under bail conditions.
He received only a 13-year sentence.
How does the Minister intend to redress the unfairness in our sentencing laws, with victims like Billy suffering such injustice?
All my thoughts are with Billy and the family for the horrific tragedy they have suffered.
My hon.
Friend will know that we are debating the Sentencing Bill later today, looking at how we redress the balance here.
The Law Commission is also doing a special piece of work looking at homicide law, and I would happily discuss that with her and Billy and discuss how best we can support them.
What assessment he has made of trends in the level of reoffending rates.
Although there is a long-term downward trend in the rate of proven reoffending, this country remains an outlier in that regard.
That is why the Government are taking action to reduce reoffending, especially among prolific offenders.
That includes measures in the Sentencing Bill on short-term sentencing, community punishment, investment in regional employment councils to bring local partners together to help offenders into work, and the rolling out of intensive supervision courts, which have had incredibly encouraging results so far.
I, too, welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Justice and his new ministerial team to their roles.
The Clink Charity has delivered life-changing rehabilitation at HMP Brixton for over a decade, significantly reducing reoffending rates.
Indeed, its graduates are 64% less likely to reoffend.
However, the charity has recently been told that it must compete in a commercial procurement process alongside large corporations to continue operating at Brixton.
That risks disadvantaging an award-winning charity with a proven track record that is having a positive impact.
Does the Minister agree that this is unfair, and can he reassure me that he will review the situation to ensure that procurement processes consider the excellent work already being achieved by organisations such as the Clink?
Yes, I am aware of the great work that the Clink does, as are the Justice Secretary and the Prisons Minister in the other place.
We will be reviewing what has happened and is happening there in due course.
One of the keys ways to reduce reoffending is to ensure that ex-offenders leaving prison have secure places to live and are not tempted to go back to a life of crime.
However, it can be a consequence of early release that that is not prepared in advance.
What action will the Minister take so that prison governors and those involved in the prison service ensure that ex-offenders go into secure accommodation once they leave prison?
The hon.
Member raises an important point and challenge for the Probation Service as the Sentencing Bill comes to fruition.
I was with the Justice Secretary just last week meeting probation staff.
Housing is a big challenge.
I will work with colleagues from across Government to ensure that we are up to that challenge.
The hon.
Member makes a good point, and I will update the House in due course.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
It is my honour to take my first oral questions as Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary.
Today, the Government will introduce the Public Office (Accountability) Bill—better known as the Hillsborough law.
It will create a new professional and legal duty of candour, placing public servants under a duty to act with honesty and integrity at all times.
It will be backed by a new offence for misleading the public, and two new offences for misconduct in public office.
This is an historic moment, but the credit belongs not to the Government but to the families of the 97, whose courage never faltered, and to all who fought for justice after Grenfell, after Windrush, after the infected blood and Horizon scandals.
This law will be their legacy.
We cannot rewrite history, but with the Hillsborough law, we can ensure that it never repeats itself again.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s passionate remarks.
Some 71% of people in the youth justice system have a speech and language need that may impact on their ability to access justice, but only a tiny fraction of those young people have received any speech and language support.
How is he working across Government—particularly with the Department of Health and Social Care and the Department for Education—to prevent those vulnerable young people from being disproportionately drawn into the youth justice system?
I remain very concerned, particularly about neurodiversity in young people and how they fare in the criminal justice system.
I will look closely at the youth justice system, working closely with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care and of course the Department for Education.