The Prime Minister staked his special relationship with the US President on the diplomatic skills of an ambassador who had a special relationship with the world’s most notorious child sex offender.
I am sure that the right  hon.
Gentleman agrees that the Prime Minister’s judgment and the UK’s presence on the world stage have been diminished by this affair.
There is no doubt that the right hon.
Lady is correct.
Frankly, I am going to try not to make this ad hominem about the Ministers who made decisions; we need to make that decision later, as it were.
She is right that it has diminished the standing of our Prime Minister, and I regret that.
Although we are the Opposition, I want this Government to succeed in the national interest, and this is doing the opposite of that.
The ambassador’s conduct, both prior to appointment and during, must reflect the highest standards of integrity—that is fundamental, and it is true for any ambassador.
I commend the right hon.
Gentleman on securing this debate.
It unites the House with its purpose.
It is clear within the rules that MPs are accountable for their staff and their conduct and that there will be repercussions.
Does he agree that the Prime Minister is accountable for his appointment of the UK ambassador to the United States of America, and the same rules should apply?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
When we look at the mechanisms engaged, as I hope we will in the course of this debate, we will see why the Prime Minister made the wrong decision.
There is no doubt in my mind that he did.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about decisions by the Prime Minister.
He talks about the duty on Members of this place and of the other place to conduct themselves appropriately.
Does it surprise him, as it surprises me, that we have a situation where my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  has been unfairly suspended from the Labour Whip, along with others, for opposing disability benefit cuts and the Mother of the House, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , remains suspended from the Labour party, yet Lord Mandelson retains the Labour Whip in the House of Lords?
Are all of those things not decisions by the Prime Minister?
People outside here, including Labour members, think it is completely unfair.
I understand all too well the point that the hon.
Gentleman is making.
Many have made it in the newspapers, although generally anonymously.
A double standard applies to the top of the Labour party—Labour royalty, if you like—as opposed to other people who have been punished for doing their job, representing their people and so on.
He has got a point.
rose— I will give way, but then I must make some progress.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman not think it slightly odd that sufficient due diligence was not done prior to the appointment of Lord Mandelson?
On the day before Lord Mandelson was dismissed, apparently there were a lot of emails available to the Prime Minister that he either was not given or did not read.
We find ourselves in this odd situation where the British ambassador  to the USA has to be dismissed in the full glare of international publicity because of his past behaviour, which was apparently well known to a very large number of people who should not have supported his appointment in the first place.
The right hon.
Gentleman is exactly right.
We will come to a number of circumstances in which information was available and should have been, but was not, acted upon.
This was not as hard as some may try to portray it as being: after all, the appointment did not come as a surprise.
Lord Mandelson himself was clearly campaigning to become the ambassador after failing to win the chancellorship of Oxford University.
Indeed, someone told me that he was actually campaigning for the ambassadorship while also campaigning for the chancellorship, so he was after two jobs, not one.
It was clear at an early stage that he was going to attempt to do this, and there was widespread discussion at the time about his suitability for the role, so there was plenty of time for a preliminary investigative or vetting process.
There was, and is, a vast amount of data in the public domain.
Most of what I will speak of today is public domain material—I will explain when it is not.
What would those conducting that vetting process be looking for?
A number of us on these Benches and, I would imagine, on most Benches have been through such processes ourselves.
Traditionally they would review the history and personality of the candidate, assessing risks, such as the risk of the candidate being susceptible to undue influence, or, in extreme examples, blackmail—the Russians and the Chinese collect kompromat all the time; the risk of the candidate abusing or misusing the role; the risk of the candidate doing something that would cause reputational damage; or the risk, with which some on the Labour Front Bench may have difficulties and which they may find rather old-fashioned, that the candidate is too morally flawed to be given a major role in any case and fails a simple ethical test, which is where we may arrive in a moment.
I am afraid that I am old-fashioned.
I view ethical tests as an absolute, which cannot be traded off against some benefit or other.
In the history that I am about to detail, we see a Peter Mandelson who is easily dazzled by wealth and glamour and is willing to use his public position to pursue those things for himself.
This was visible very early in his career, even to his friends.
In 1998, he was sacked as Trade and Industry Secretary for failing to declare a pretty enormous interest-free loan that he had received from Geoffrey Robinson.
At that time Mr Robinson’s businesses were being investigated by Mandelson’s Department, so there was a clear clash of interests, and Mandelson did not even declare the loan.
That was the first occasion on which we saw so publicly the abiding flaws in his character, which would generally disqualify any normal person for a job as important as this.
Even his friends saw that.
One of his flaws was described plainly by one of his friends back then, who said: “Peter was living beyond his means, pretending to be something he’s not, and therefore he was beholden to people.”
The important bit is that last phrase: he was beholden to people.
It was a characteristic that was displayed time and again as he sought to use his position to curry favour with very wealthy and very powerful people who were either current or future benefactors.
This was repeated in 2001, when Lord Mandelson was again sacked after attempting to broker a British passport for Mr Hinduja, a wealthy donor to the Millennium Dome project, with which he was involved.
Mandelson attempted to influence the Home Office to give Mr Hinduja a passport when Mr Hinduja and his brother were under investigation in the Bofors weapons contract scandal—again, a dubious reason.
Incidentally, it was at about that time that his association with Epstein started, and the infamous birthday book entries date from then.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman share my concern about the possibility that the Prime Minister will discuss this issue with President Trump later in the week?
The Prime Minister has to have influence over President Trump for very good reasons, but if the issue of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein comes up—we understand that President Trump also contributed to that birthday book, with an infamous poem—what is the Prime Minister going to say?
I am very glad to say that I am not the Prime Minister’s speechwriter, but all I can say to the hon.
Gentleman is that I hope the issue does not come up, because it would undoubtedly be embarrassing and diplomatically problematic for the Prime Minister.
Astonishingly, after being sacked twice for misdemeanours, in 2004 Lord Mandelson was appointed by Tony Blair to be the European trade commissioner.
He was, as it were, given a third chance.
As the trade commissioner, he was criticised on numerous occasions for accepting lavish hospitality from companies on whose commercial interests he was in the process of ruling—whether the company concerned was Microsoft, an Italian shoe producer or whatever—which, for some reason, often involved free luxury cruises.
He saw nothing wrong with such apparently compromising behaviour, and in that category, indeed rather at the top of it, was his association with the Russian oligarch and gangster capitalist Oleg Deripaska.
Let us be clear who we are talking about here, because most Members probably do not know much about him.
Mr Deripaska was the winner of the battle for control of the Russian aluminium industry, a battle in which roughly 100 people were murdered.
In court reports, Interpol documents and American Government publications, Deripaska has faced serious allegations of murder, bribery, extortion, and involvement in organised crime.
This is a truly bad man.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for giving way and for the case that he is making.
I wonder whether, while he is dealing with the influence of Russian oligarchs in British politics, he will opine on the suitability of British political parties accepting donations from Russians, and the impact that that might have on their policies and their positions.
Had the hon.
Gentleman been here before the last election, he would have sat in this Chamber, I hope, and heard me opine on all those subjects and raise prospective laws to deal with those oligarchs, laws that, sadly, this Government have failed to carry through.
That, then, is the backdrop.
Mr Deripaska’s visa was revoked by the Americans in 2006, so Mandelson had no excuse for not knowing about his activities, yet as European trade commissioner he saw fit to accept hospitality from Deripaska on multiple occasions over several years, which included visiting him in Moscow and being flown by his private jet to stay at his dacha in Siberia and on his private yacht in the Mediterranean—all while considering whether to give Russian aluminium access to the European market.
Deripaska’s activities were known to the British security services, and briefings were available to Mandelson, so, again, there is no excuse.
He did this in the full knowledge of who he was dealing with.
It was in this position that Mandelson promoted and signed off concessions to Russian aluminium companies, which ultimately benefited Mr Deripaska, or his companies, to the tune of $200 million a year.
Although it did not actually happen, one company was due to be the subject of an initial public offering—due to be floated—shortly thereafter.
A $200 million change in profits tends to mean a multibillion-dollar change in value, and that will have gone into the pocket of Mr Deripaska.
As we all know, Deripaska is a nominee of Putin, so we can assume that a large chunk of it went to Putin as well.
In 2008 Mandelson was, very controversially, raised to the peerage by Gordon Brown and appointed Business Secretary.
His contact with Epstein did not end.
As Epstein was pleading guilty to child sex offences, Mandelson emailed him: “I think the world of you and I feel hopeless and furious about what has happened...
Your friends stay with you and love you.”
Little remorse there, shall we say, and little pity for the victims.
After Lord Mandelson left office when Labour lost the election in 2010, he founded a lobbying firm, Global Counsel.
Controversially, he did not name his clients.
The House of Lords has rather slack rules about this, so somebody can create a company and just declare that they get however much money from the company, but they do not declare who the customers really are.
I do not have documentary records on this, so I am not going to name the companies I am talking about, but there are Russian companies—extremely dubious Russian companies—and Chinese companies.
I am looking at my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , who would recognise a number of the Chinese companies because he has campaigned about them, but I will leave it there.
In the context of Lord Mandelson’s appointment to Washington—and bear in mind that this is all to do with a judgment made about his being the ambassador in Washington—it is his close association with the organs of the Chinese state that should have raised most red flags, if the House will forgive the pun.
The Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China presented a dossier to US Senators, which provoked enough concern that they passed it to the FBI.
This may have been a reason—and here I am surmising—for the purported concerns about whether the Trump Administration would allow Mandelson’s accreditation back in January.
I appreciate some of the points the right hon.
Member is making, but I would just note that one of the Conservative candidates running in a Milton Keynes constituency at  the last general election worked for Global Counsel.
It is interesting that the Conservatives have such complaints about this organisation when they were willing to support a candidate who worked for it.
I am going to be very gentle.
Let me just say that we are talking about a very serious issue, in which the national interest is engaged, and about somebody who in my view has used his public position to his own advantage and to the disadvantage of the state.
That is not true of some candidate working in a junior role for the company, but it is true of the man who created that company and used it to promote his own interests.
To come back to the Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China, from my point of view—and this is personal rather than political—even more worrying were the attitudes struck by Mandelson in February 2021 when, during a lobbying meeting on behalf of his rich clients, he told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that the critics of Beijing’s human rights record would be “proved wrong”.
That astonishing statement was followed later in 2021 by Mandelson being the only Labour peer to vote—against a three-line Whip—against a genocide amendment that would have meant this country had to reconsider any trade deal with a country found by the High Court to be committing genocide, and most specifically China was in the crosshairs.
Frankly, it would appear that Lord Mandelson has subcontracted his conscience for money.
My right hon.
Friend has mentioned the Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China.
In case the House thinks it is a Conservative organisation, can I explain that it has Members of Parliament from all parties in this House, that 53 countries are involved and that it has co-chairs from both the left and the right?
It is wholly above party politics, but is all about the threat from China.
My right hon.
Friend is exactly right, and the Senators to whom these documents were sent are very responsible ones.
They would not frivolously pass on such documents to the FBI, and the FBI would not frivolously accept them and investigate.
Does my right hon.
Friend recall that on  21 November  last, the Prime Minister was challenged to rule out appointing Lord Mandelson as ambassador to the United States on the grounds that he had said Ukraine would have to give up all the land Russia had occupied and that it must give up any hope of ever joining NATO in return for some unspecified security guarantees?
The Prime Minister said he would not be tempted to comment on the possibility of his being appointed ambassador, and as he said it he had a very noticeable little smirk on his face.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Prime Minister is not smirking about this matter any more?
I say to my right hon.
Friend that the Prime Minister gave what was clearly—what can I say?—a lawyer’s answer to that question, which as we all know is not a proper answer at all.
No. 10 was well aware that Mandelson had continued his relationship with Epstein after he was convicted as a paedophile.
How the Prime Minister could possibly have thought it was wise to appoint a man who was on  record consorting with alleged murderers and convicted paedophiles to a position of privilege and power is, to me, utterly unfathomable.
The right hon.
Member has rightly pointed out Lord Mandelson’s murky attitude towards money, but does this not also shine a terrible light on his attitude towards women, which, by contrast, does not look good for the Government?
I agree—the hon.
Member is right.
Lord Mandelson’s continued support of Epstein shows an attitude that I find completely reprehensible in exactly that respect, because Epstein’s victims were women—young women, girls, children.
So, yes, I do agree.
It has long been clear that Mandelson was not suitable to be our ambassador, so the question is: what changed last week?
The Bloomberg emails revealing further details of Epstein’s relationship with him and the birthday book in which he referred to Epstein as his “best pal” were with Mandelson by Monday evening and with the Foreign Office overnight or by Tuesday morning at the latest.
The Prime Minister is said to have known of the investigation by Tuesday afternoon, but not of the content of the emails.
Why, when our most important diplomat in our most important international relationship is under question or under investigation, would the Prime Minister not want to know the details of the investigation immediately?
We understand that the Prime Minister’s chief of staff, Morgan McSweeney, was talking to Mandelson all day on Tuesday, so what was Mandelson saying to McSweeney and was this passed to the Prime Minister?
One of the things I would ask the Minister is if, later on, he can give the House an undertaking that we can have a record of that conversation, because we need to know.
Mandelson gave an immediate interview on Wednesday morning—hours before Prime Minister’s questions—admitting that more embarrassing revelations would come out.
Mandelson’s past scandals and his links to Epstein were crystal clear by the time the Prime Minister rose to speak in PMQs last Wednesday.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware that James Matthews, the Sky News reporter, cornered Lord Mandelson on  27 May  to ask him specifically about staying in Epstein’s flat?
Mandelson did not deny it, but simply said that he regretted having any connection with him.
These are the kinds of questions that should have been asked, and were being asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  and many other Members back in May, about the suitability of the ambassador.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Prime Minister should have looked into this further at that point?
Exactly, and in fact earlier than that point.
I will come back to that when I talk briefly about the vetting process.
What precisely did the Prime Minister learn from reading the Bloomberg emails that was not already known about Lord Mandelson from public information and vetting done before the appointment?
Each day that goes by, we see more shocking revelations not only about his misconduct and his links to Jeffrey Epstein,  but about the failures of both the vetting process and the political judgment of those at the top of Government.
I say to  the hon.
Member for Leeds East (Richard Burgon)  that that relates not just to their political judgment, but to their moral standards and the equity in how they apply those moral standards across the board.
That brings us to the question: what happened to the vetting process?
Most of what I have described was in the public domain.
It does not take James Bond; Google could do this.
What was not in the public domain was in the official records, or known to the intelligence agencies—in other words, it was all available to the Government.
We know there was a two-page propriety and ethics briefing, which should have flagged concerns, but it merely triggered an unpenetrating email inquiry.
That goes straight to the point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , which is: where were the questions?
Someone does not just send a three-line email and forget about it; they pursue the questions and cross-question the person under suspicion.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for giving way.
He will know that members of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament are subject to extremely deep vetting.
There is also a double check, which is that Parliament has to give its agreement to the appointments to the Committee, once nominated by the Prime Minister.
Does the Mandelson case not strengthen the argument for pre-confirmation hearings by the relevant parliamentary Committees of this House in order that candidates can be cross-questioned?
At the moment, the Cabinet Office advises on only about 1,000 regulated public appointments for this House, ahead of appointment.
None of them is a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office appointment.
Is it not now time to make that change, whether they are political appointments or senior civil servants?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
I certainly think that that would be the right way to go for political appointments.
It would probably be the right way to go for the top dozen embassies.
I would not worry about all of them, without being rude to—well, I won’t pick a country.
That would just be meaningless, but the top dozen are well worth doing.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned that the Cabinet Office propriety and ethics team produced a report that was presumably handed to the Prime Minister, and that was certainly done prior to the announcement.
Does he agree that the Minister must tell us whether the Prime Minister read that report, and whether it contained anything that Parliament should have been aware of before he made the appointment?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
He is right and I will reiterate the point.
In addition to what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  said, there should have been a fully developed vetting process and that appears not to have happened.
There is a vetting unit in the Foreign Office and a vetting unit in the Cabinet Office, and normally one of them would have been engaged on this.
There have been claims that developed vetting happens after an appointment.
No, it does not.
For existing ambassadors who are on a five-year vetting  cycle, sure.
For ambassadors or officers who are being read into a new class of material, sure.
But for this—an outsider coming into the most sensitive job in Government—certainly not.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I am being frowned at by Mr Speaker for taking so much time.
I will give way for the last time.
My right hon.
Friend is being very generous.
At the weekend, the Secretary of State for Business and Trade appeared to say that the Government believed it was “worth the risk” of appointing Lord Mandelson from the outset.
As I heard it, what the Business Secretary was saying was that for the positive qualities Lord Mandelson had—as they saw it—it was worth the risk that he might be more involved with a convicted paedophile than they thought from the outset.
If that is the risk the Government were judging him by, is that not shameful?
I have already said that my view is that ethical standards are absolute, so there should not be a trade-off.
Let us take this, for a second, as a practical decision and take Mandelson at his own measure.
He loves being called the dark lord and all the rest of it.
He preens himself on being a master of the dark arts: spin, message management, political tactics and manipulation of the truth—a repertoire of things that most people would not be proud of.
If the Government think that those skills actually make up for his sins, well no.
First, he is not as good as he is cracked up to be, frankly.
He is being measured—remember this—against Karen Pierce, the officer in place who was probably the best ambassador in Washington and certainly the most revered, and, after her, Tim Barrow, who was our ambassador to the European Union during Brexit and the National Security Adviser.
He knows all these things to the tips of fingers.
Was Lord Mandelson better than them?
Pull the other one.
I am coming to the end, Mr Speaker, before you frown any more.
No. 10 claims that Mandelson was economical with the truth.
Mandelson claims he told the whole truth.
Both statements cannot be true.
The questions I pose to the Minister are these.
Will the Government rule out Mandelson being brought back into Government?
No. 10 refused to rule out giving him another job last week.
If Mandelson withheld information during the vetting process, will he lose the Labour Whip?
I am looking at Mr Burgon when I say that.
Is he going to have to resign from the House of Lords?
Will Lord Mandelson be receiving compensation?
Some reports in the media suggest we will pay £100,000 of taxpayers’ money.
Will the Prime Minister, his chief of staff, his Cabinet Secretary and the permanent secretary to the FCDO appear before the Select Committees of the House to give evidence?
Will the Minister provide the House with the documents—the propriety and ethics team report and the developed vetting report, if it exists—required to answer our questions as to who knew what and when?
There are many quotes in the newspapers from those in the Minister’s own party about their horror regarding the Prime Minister’s decisions and processes.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give way on that point?
No, I really am coming to an end.
I will quote just one of them.
This is a long-standing senior Labour Member: “I care that this culture of turning a blind eye to horrendous behaviour is endemic at the top of society”.
I agree with him.
When individuals with such associations are ushered back into the heart of Government, are we not right to ask what standards now govern appointments to public life?
Impunity is not a right.
Impropriety is not a technicality.
And survivors of crime should not have to do the heavy lifting of holding the powerful to account.
I mentioned at the beginning of my speech that a Bill has today been presented to the House imposing a duty of candour on public authorities and public officials.
My last and single question to the Minister is this: will his Government now live up to the words in that Bill? rose— I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman, as he is a senior Member, that though he has taken the time he felt was required, it has been longer than 15 minutes.
May I just say that when we refer to other Members, it should be by constituency, not by name.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
My Committee first asked for the opportunity to question Lord Mandelson at the end of last year, when rumours first surfaced about his appointment as ambassador to the United States.
We continued to ask after his appointment was confirmed.
Indeed, the Minister may remember our exchange, on  14 January  in this Chamber, when I asked him to “allow Lord Mandelson the time to come before my Committee before he leaves for the United States” to “allow my colleagues to hear directly why the Prime Minister has appointed him”.—[Official Report,  14 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 143.]
Requests were made more often, and privately, after that, and in the eight months since.
They have been turned down.
I understand that there have been some Chinese whispers going on.
It has been claimed that the FCDO has been telling journalists that the Committee had the opportunity to meet and question Lord Mandelson when we were in Washington.
Obviously, there has been a break in the chain, because the reality is that we had a 15-minute interaction over breakfast while receiving a formal briefing from diplomatic staff about other meetings that day, which is quite materially different from the type of formal evidence session required to conduct meaningful scrutiny.