The Secretary of State was asked— What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to reduce the court backlog.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
What steps he is taking to reduce the length of waiting times in the Crown court.
What steps he is taking to reduce backlogs in the criminal justice system.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the length of time for cases to go to trial.
Mr Speaker, it is nice to be back on my old beat.
This Government inherited a record courts backlog.
We have taken immediate action by funding a record high allocation of 110,000 Crown court sitting days this year.
Fundamental reform is of course necessary, which is why the previous Lord Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Ladywood (Shabana Mahmood) , commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to propose bold reforms, which we are now considering.
I recently had the chance to visit my local magistrates court in Cannock, and I was told that a major barrier to ramping up the number of sitting days in both magistrates and Crown courts is the lack of legal advisers.
I am told that many are leaving the Crown Prosecution Service because the pay is often better elsewhere, but that means having to cut back on sitting times.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Ministry is taking to increase the number of legal advisers in our courts?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased that we are recruiting more legal advisers and we are increasing capacity in the system.
He is right that magistrates courts particularly are the bedrock of the system, which is why I was so appalled that the previous Government cut back our magistrates courts so extensively.
It is important that we support our magistrates to do their very important work.
Crown courtrooms are sitting empty for up to 75% of the time.
Judges used to be booking in trials three to six months into the future, but now they are booking well into 2027 or even into 2028, which is to save the cost of bringing in a recorder at £830 a day.
However, these cases still need to be tried at some point, so that is not actually saving costs, just deferring them.
In the meantime, there is a terrible impact on complainants, and in fact on justice itself.
What will the Secretary of State do to clear this backlog and ensure that cases come to trial?
Order.
We have a lot of questions to get in.
The hon.
Lady is completely right.
Victims must see justice being done in real time.
That is why we asked Brian Leveson to do the second part of his review, on efficiencies, which goes to the heart of her question.
Some cases are now being listed for 2029, which is completely unacceptable.
How is the Secretary of State undoing the harm inflicted by the Conservative party not only on the justice system but to trust that justice will be found?
The inheritance from the previous Government was shocking, and at the heart of it were victims suffering.
What we are doing is increasing the number of sitting days, which is hugely important, and I was very pleased to meet the Lady Chief Justice last week to discuss what more we can do.
To ensure that we deal with that terrible inheritance, we will of course get on and implement the Leveson review.
I wish the right hon.
Gentleman the very best in his new appointment, but he is presiding over a complicated system, in which, today, 74 out of 516 Crown courtrooms are empty.
Will he comment on that, and on when the second part of the Leveson report will come into effect so that we know when action will be taken on the greater complexity that is yet to be evaluated?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we have to build the system’s capacity to use courtrooms better.
I can tell him that Sir Brian Leveson—I was very grateful to Sir Brian for coming to see me, as Foreign Secretary, while he was completing his review because of my experience in the criminal justice system—is completing his review by the end of the year.
One of the most effective steps taken by this Government to help reduce the Crown court backlog is the record increases to criminal legal aid.
Fewer criminal barristers and solicitors will not help to tackle case waiting times.
Scotland is experiencing unacceptable delays in solemn cases coming to trial, made worse by the inadequate funding of Scottish legal aid by the Scottish Government.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that unless we significantly increase legal aid fees across the UK, the current criminal defence model is unsustainable and we risk the collapse of our court system?
My hon.
Friend highlights almost two decades of the SNP running Scotland into the ground.
Here, we have had a record increase of £92 million.
On the day we introduce the Hillsborough law, it is hugely important to record that that is the biggest extension of legal aid for people who have suffered at the hands of the state in over a decade.
Rape is a heinous and despicable crime, with lifelong consequences for victims.
Some do not survive.
According to the House of Commons Library, the average number of days from charge to case completion is 363 days.
What time do the Government think is acceptable for delivering justice for rape victims?
Do they have a target?
What is it and what steps are they taking to reach it?
We must have swifter justice for victims of rape.
When I was shadow Justice Secretary, I was appalled that under the previous Government we got to a position where we had almost decriminalised the situation because there were so few prosecutions.
There must be justice, and that means swifter justice.
In west Kent, an initiative to share the resource of Maidstone Crown court with Woolwich Crown court is spreading cases into areas where there is not such a backlog.
Can the Government indicate whether  that is being openly considered in other parts of the country so that we can spread the backlog across different areas?
It is absolutely the case that where courts are coming together and being proactive, we are seeing progress.
I look forward to looking more closely at the example of Maidstone and Woolwich.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that is the way forward.
Of 221 people arrested for supporting Palestine Action, 162 were arrested under section 13 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
This prohibits people from carrying articles in public which “arouse reasonable suspicion that an individual is a member or supporter of a proscribed organisation.”
Even the protesters who displayed those sickening pictures of Hamas paragliders in the week after  7 October  were each given a conditional discharge.
Will the Government please look again at the Terrorism Act to avoid clogging up the criminal justice system with people whose real motive is to support action on Palestine?
I am always happy to do anything—I did it in my last role and I will do it in this role—to ensure that anyone terrorising is convicted.
That is quite properly a matter for law enforcement and prosecutors, but I will examine the detail of what the hon.
Gentleman says.
I have met constituents who have been victims of some of the most serious offences and were waiting for years before the general election to have access to justice.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how I can ensure that my constituents have timely access to justice?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have to ensure that the system works for victims.
Under the previous Government, half of all magistrates courts closed, and in December 2023, the Crown court backlog had increased by 77%.
We are dealing with that—we have to do so as swiftly as possible.
I will of course ensure that he meets with the appropriate Minister.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I pay tribute to my predecessor, who is mentioned on the face of the Order Paper, who was killed in 1940.
The Justice Secretary keeps referring to the previous Government, and I sort of get that, but I remind him that the new Government have been in post for some 14 or 15 months—over a year—and at some point, that particular argument is going to wear very thin.
Is he aware of the extraordinary length of time that victims of serious sexual assault and crimes must wait in the Shropshire courts, particularly Shrewsbury Crown court?
It is double the 363 days that we have just heard from the Lib Dem Benches.
What will the Justice Secretary do to help those victims, as well as the defendants who may, on occasion, be innocent?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are friends across this House.
However, I have to say to him—and he should say this to his constituents—that under the previous Government, we saw devastating cuts to the police, with a reduction of 20,000 officers;  we saw no building of prisons at all, effectively—only 500 places; we saw the decimation of the Probation Service, which we are rebuilding; and we saw a reduction in sitting days.
We have had to get on with all that.
Yes, we have made some strides in 14 months, but the devastation was big, and it will take a bit longer.
What steps his Department is taking to support probation officers.
What steps he is taking to support the Probation Service.
We are determined to back our hard-working probation staff by investing up to £700 million by the final year of the spending review, and an initial £8 million in technology to reduce administrative burdens.
We will also recruit 1,300 trainee probation officers in the next year.
The probation officers I have spoken to are supportive of the early release scheme inasmuch as it was necessary to deal with the chronic overcrowding in our prisons—a legacy of the previous Government’s dereliction of duty.
Many offenders on the fixed recall scheme with a determinate sentence, however, are not being risk-assessed before rerelease, which concerns probation officers.
In that context, can the Secretary of State indicate what measures he is putting in place to ensure that probation officers are able to do their job with offenders being released early?
I was with probation officers last week, in my first visit as Secretary of State—it was important that probation was the first place I went to because the work and dedication of those officers and the staff is immense.
We are working with the Home Office to ensure that those risk assessments are done.
My constituency of Chelmsford is an important hub for the justice system in Essex; it is home to several courts, including a Crown court.
The independent sentencing review led by David Gauke found that the reoffending rate for those who were homeless or rough sleeping was double that of those who had accommodation to go to upon release.
Indeed, I have heard examples from charities of those on probation being recalled to prison simply because they have no fixed address.
At a time when prison places are so limited, what steps is the Justice Secretary taking to ensure that such frustrating examples of recall stop, and how does he intend to work with the inter-ministerial group for homelessness and rough sleeping to ensure that the Probation Service’s work is not undermined by a lack of accommodation upon release from prison?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question—no doubt she will be contributing to the debate a little later on our Sentencing Bill.
That issue was raised with me by probation workers last week.
It remains a big issue in our system, made worse by the previous Government.
I commit to working closely  with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that that housing is available.