Last week the Justice Committee heard evidence about the use of special measures to support vulnerable or intimidated witnesses to give their best evidence.
That is obviously so important in rape and sexual assault cases.
Will the Minister reaffirm her support for the continuing use of those measures, despite some debate about the evidence of their effectiveness?
I was pleased to attend the Justice Committee to discuss how important section 28 is to vulnerable witnesses and victims, and the difference that it makes by allowing victims of rape and sexual offence crimes specifically to be maintained within the justice system, allowing them to give their evidence in a safe manner that is more accessible to them.
In a justice system where currently 60% of rape victims are withdrawing from the process because of the backlog, the waits and how traumatic it is, anything that helps them to be maintained in the criminal justice system is worth championing.
My constituent waited 18 months to face her abuser in court, only to be told the day before the trial was supposed to begin that it had been postponed until May 2026.
How are victims of domestic abuse supposed to get redress and closure when they face such intolerable delays?
It is unacceptable that this is being allowed to carry on in our courts, which is why we are taking that fundamental reform, because without victims we would not have a criminal justice system and it is important that we put them at the heart of this.
We are funding independent domestic abuse advocates to support victims, to get them through the system quicker.
We are also committed to rolling out more specialist domestic abuse courts.
That was one of the clear recommendations of the Leveson review, and it is something that the Courts Minister, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green
(Sarah Sackman) , and I are working closely on to support victims, but I will happily discuss this further with the hon.
Member to ensure that we get this right for victims of domestic abuse.