The Minister could not answer, because it is simply indefensible
and she knows it.
Everyone in this House knows it.
Everyone knows it.
On Sunday, the family of one of Epstein’s victims, Virginia Giuffre, said that Mandelson should never have been appointed.
I agree; almost every person in this country agrees.
Did the Justice Secretary not read the papers that detailed Mandelson’s extensive connections to Epstein after he had been convicted?
Or did he read them and flippantly disregard the crimes and pain he caused so many?
Will the Minister take this opportunity, in her role, to apologise on behalf of the Justice Secretary to Epstein’s victims?
I understand the point being raised, and it is a very important one, but we are a long distance from the original question— It is about justice for victims.
I am well aware of that and certainly do not need to be told.
We have a three-hour debate coming up on that subject, so hopefully the Minister can respond.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Justice Secretary says from a seated position that this is about justice for victims.
If this was really about justice for victims, in the 14 years of his Government he would have carried out reforms to ensure that victims got swift justice.
Instead, he presided over a criminal justice system that is at breaking point, where victims are waiting years for their day in court, and where prisons are overflowing and we are unable to ensure that there is always a space available.
It is this Government that are ensuring there will always be a prison place available.
It is this Government that are getting on with carrying out the recommendations of the national grooming inquiry.
It is this Government that take victims and justice seriously.
What steps he is taking to introduce statutory regulation of the funeral sector.
On  15 July , the Fuller inquiry recommended introducing statutory regulation for funeral directors.
The Government recognise the urgency of the concerns raised and we are carefully considering all the recommendations.
The Government have committed to responding to the inquiry with an interim update on progress this year, and a final response will be given by summer 2026.