I would like to associate myself with the Deputy Prime Minister’s comments on the bravery of the Hillsborough families and pay tribute to them for the success that has been landed today.
Many of us across the House are deeply concerned that domestic abusers are weaponising the family court to perpetrate their abuse.
Efforts to reform it have not yet been forthcoming from this Government, and we need change.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister commit  to legislating in the next King’s Speech for reform of the family court, so that it supports survivors and does not sabotage them any longer?
We are determined to look at this lacuna for victims of domestic violence, and if necessary, we will come forward with further amendments or, indeed, legislation.
May I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks about the remarkable achievements of the Hillsborough campaigners?
Last week I met Soroptimist International members in Stafford, who raised concerns about mothers in Drake Hall Prison in my constituency.
Every year, 17,000 children have their mothers go to prison, yet only 9% are taken care of by their fathers.
Where do those 15,000 children go, and what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that children of women in prison are properly identified and taken care of?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her really important question.
I worked with the amazing charity Children Heard and Seen prior to getting this role.
I am determined to ensure that we do more to protect the children of prisoners.
The Prisons Minister in the other place is already working with the Women’s Justice Board to look at better ways we can treat women prisoners to ensure that they are rehabilitated.
My team and I support many families navigating the special educational needs and disabilities system, and one of the challenges is delays in getting access to tribunal justice.
As the Secretary of State gets to grips with his new role, will he make shortening those delays one of his priorities, and can he update the House accordingly?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
We know that the success rate of appeals is high and the delays are severe in the SEND tribunal, which has a huge impact on children and families.
We are close to the maximum number of sitting days across all our jurisdictions, to bear down on those delays, but I will certainly take his point on board as we look to reform the SEND system.
The formidable team at Aylesbury Women’s Aid report continued severe delays in the charging and prosecution of domestic abuse cases.
We are in touch about one survivor who lives in constant fear of her abuser, who turns up at her house and taps on her windows at night, despite a warrant being out for his arrest.
What steps has the Minister taken to ensure that survivors are not left living in fear while they wait for justice?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
The Sentencing Bill, which we will debate later today, has really important measures that will protect victims of domestic abuse and ensure that victims are at the heart of our criminal justice policy, as well as probation services.
One of my constituents has been told that their Crown court case will not be heard until 2028, six years after the alleged offence occurred.
The delay was due to court closures and a lack of capacity locally.
The Government should not need a report to tell them that they need to make more courts available at more times and they need to fund our courts properly.
We have had questions about this from around the Chamber already, so I will take a slightly different angle: what does the Minister have to say to my constituent, who has another three years to wait for their case to be resolved—three years of being unable to work and three years of uncertainty hanging over her head?
The sorts of delays that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent is experiencing are unacceptable.
The consensus is that the delays are unacceptable and that we have to do something big and bold about them.
This is a complex system, which is why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson, with his expertise, to tell us how best we go about that, but we will have to get behind once-in-a-generation reform.
We are gripping the issue now—we are making record investment in criminal legal aid and sitting days—but we will need reform as well.