The Government are committed to tackling reoffending, and that includes investment in services exactly like those that the hon.
Member visited.
We are building more prison places, because we need to.
In 14 years the Conservatives added just 500 additional prison places, and in 14 months we have added 2,500.
Alongside that, we have to tackle reoffending, and I hope the hon.
Member will support the Sentencing Bill later this afternoon, which will do that.
Rehabilitation is a vital part of prison health programmes, but when prisoners develop infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, they can be isolated from organised programmes such as rehab.
Given the risk that interrupted TB treatment can fuel antimicrobial resistance, what steps is the  Department taking to ensure that prisoners receive both uninterrupted medical care and continued access to rehabilitation?
I will be talking with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care on exactly that issue and on tackling reoffending, making sure that there is treatment in prisons so that prisoners are rehabilitated.
The sole focus of this Government is on stopping reoffending and cutting crime, and that means working with prisoners.
There is also the Sentencing Bill, and I hope that my hon.
Friend will contribute to the debate on that today.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence through the court system.
It is vital that victims feel supported at court.
The Ministry of Justice funds the national witness service, which provides support on the day of trial, and independent sexual violence advocates can accompany victims while they are in the courtroom.
Pre-trial, victims can receive support from victim liaison officers or from the MOJ-funded victim support services, and that is available throughout their criminal justice journey.
May I welcome our new Minister and Justice Secretary to their places?
I have heard far too many stories from constituents who have endured sexual violence and rape.
They tell me how isolating and intimidating the court system can feel and how difficult it can be to get the support they need.
Will the Minister reassure me and those constituents that this Government are doing everything they can to ensure that victims and survivors of rape and sexual violence are supported in a timely manner?