I am sure the Lord Chancellor has read Baroness Harman’s independent review of bullying, harassment and sexual harassment at the Bar and on the bench, which was published last week.
Its troubling findings are primarily for the Bar itself and for the judiciary to address, but do the Government support the report’s recommendations and what can they do to ensure that they are implemented?
In typical fashion, Baroness Harman has conducted a thorough review into our professions and the judiciary.
The judiciary and the Bar are one of the prides of this country, but where there are unacceptable practices and behaviours, it is right that we shine a light on them and demand that we do much better.
As Ministers will know, some rogue builders take thousands of pounds from people, wreck their homes and leave them while they go on to do the same to other victims, yet victims are told that no crime has been committed.
Will the ministerial team look at the notion of fraud when a pattern of such behaviour can be evidenced?
We will be consulting on a new victims code in due course to make sure that all these crimes are captured, so that we can support all victims.
I would be happy to discuss this matter further with the right hon.
Gentleman.
For six years, Lancaster courthouse has been surrounded by temporary fencing as it awaits maintenance.
How much longer will my constituents have to wait?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to address her point and to give her the details that she requires.
The new Minister stated earlier that the Government have created 2,405 new prison places, but 1,468 of those are at HMP Millsike, which is part of the new prisons programme that was announced by the previous Conservative Government.
The 10,000 additional prison places estate expansion programme—including the houseblocks and refurbishments programme, and the category D programme—has been downgraded from amber to red in the delivery confidence assessment, due to the programme’s key supplier entering administration.
What steps is the Justice Secretary taking to put prison construction back on track?
The hon.
Member seems to be the last person defending the last Conservative Government on prisons and law and order.
The truth is that over 14 years,   they built 500 prison places; in 14 months, this Labour Government have built 2,500 places.
We are fixing the mess that they left behind.
Voices—a domestic abuse charity in Bath—has created a guide to family court proceedings to support survivors to navigate the family courts without legal representation.
The pilot was rolled out in the south-west and in Yorkshire.
Will the Government work with Voices to roll it out nationally?
I am happy to meet Voices to discuss that guidance.
We have been working with organisations like the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service and CAFCASS Cymru to ensure that victims and survivors have the best support available when they are navigating the family court process.
Under current law, most instances of the sexual abuse of animals are not offences.
Not only are those acts despicable in themselves, but given the proven link between animal abuse and child abuse, does the Minister agree that this dangerous gap is a missed opportunity to identify abusers before they go on to harm children?
I commit to look at that further.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
On  16 June , I asked a written question to the Department of Health and Social Care, seeking an update on plans for a new dental school at the University of East Anglia.
This is a hugely important issue for people in Norfolk and has been raised by MPs across the House.
I have been left with a holding answer by the Department for three months, with no updates in sight, and today we break for another month of recess.
This is not an acceptable way for the Government to handle scrutiny.
I seek your guidance on what avenues are available to me to secure answers from the Government on this issue of deep concern to my constituents.
It is totally unacceptable to treat any Member of any party in this House that way.
To be left with a holding answer for three months is not acceptable.
I am sure those on the Treasury Bench are now busily answering that question; if not, please let me know, and I am sure we can do something more about it.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, the House debated the incursion into Polish airspace by Russian drones, and there was clear cross-party unity on the need for the UK robustly to support our NATO allies.
It is therefore deeply disappointing that the Secretary of State for Defence chose to announce the deployment of Typhoons to Poland outside this House.
There is nothing more important than the defence of the realm, and the decision to deploy service personnel is of the highest significance.
Ministers have offered a written statement today, but this action after the fact does not live up to the severity and importance of the decision that the Government have made to deploy our planes and personnel.
Can you advise on how we can ensure that future statements of this magnitude are brought properly before this House?
I will be quite honest: this House should be treated with respect.
The fact is that I am not quite sure whether the Secretary of State could have come to the House before the Typhoons were needed—and I never want to put the House in that position.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman, however, that I have had no indication that a Minister intends to come to the House to make a statement on this matter.
Quite rightly, he has put his point on the record.
I take defence matters seriously, and I am sure that he will have been heard.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for allowing me to raise a point of order, of which I have sent given you notice.
Have you had an indication from the Foreign Secretary that the Government will either come to this House today, or that they will make a statement concerning the UN independent international commission of inquiry report on the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
That report has confirmed in horrifying detail the acts of genocide now being committed by Israeli forces against the Palestinian people—against children: destroying hospitals, destroying schools and destroying life itself.
This is a serious matter.
If we are to continue normal relations with Israel, I think the Foreign Office needs to  explain why we are having those relations with a country that is committing acts of genocide against the Palestinian people.