Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
The UN independent international commission of inquiry on the Occupied Palestinian Territories has concluded that Israel has committed genocide in Gaza.
Despite welcoming the Israeli President last week, the Government have failed to make a statement, as we have heard.
As the House is about to go into recess, can you advise me and the House how we are to seek accountability on this important matter?
I cannot add any more to what I have already said.
Once again, I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench have listened to the right hon.
Member.
I know that we have three hours for the next debate, but, quite rightly, this message has gone across.
I could not be clearer:
I expect the Government to come forward with a statement.
If not, I am sure I can work with Members who may wish to place an urgent question before the House.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
On  1 September ,  the hon.
Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , now Minister of State in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, issued a written statement on the contingent liabilities from the funded decommissioning programme and Government support package for Sizewell C, which is due to be undertaken on  1 October .
It is a liability to Government and taxpayers that could reach up to the tune of £12 billion.
That is a significant contingent liability for the public purse, and due parliamentary scrutiny is necessary.
Although the Minister stated reasons for not providing the required 14 days for scrutiny and withholding of approval, which is normally required for any contingent liability above £300,000, surely Parliament should have been presented with the results of the ongoing review of the liabilities during whatever time was available, and parliamentary time should have been scheduled to allow parliamentarians to scrutinise— Order.
I think I got the message in the first five minutes.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of her point of order.
As she says, a contingent liability of this size would normally involve the laying of a memorandum for a period of 14 sitting days before the guarantee is approved.
The written statement made by the Minister for Energy on  1 September , when the House returned from the summer recess, sets out the reasons why the usual process could not be followed in this case.
I suggest that the hon.
Member might want to raise this matter privately with the Public Accounts  Committee and the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
I know that she is a doughty Member who will ensure that those concerns are raised in many other areas.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Secretary David Lammy, supported by the Prime Minister, Secretary Pat McFadden, Secretary Bridget Phillipson, Secretary Peter Kyle, Secretary Lisa Nandy, James Murray, Nick Thomas-Symonds, Alex Davies-Jones, Josh Simons, Anna Turley and Chris Ward, presented a Bill to impose a duty on public authorities and public officials to act with candour, transparency and frankness; to make provision for the enforcement of that duty in their dealings with inquiries and investigations; to require public authorities to promote and take steps to maintain ethical conduct within all parts of the authority; to create an offence in relation to public authorities and public officials who mislead the public; to create further offences in relation to the misconduct of persons who hold public office and to abolish the common law offence of misconduct in public office; to make provision enabling persons to participate at inquiries and investigations where the conduct of public authorities may be in issue; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Monday 13 October , and to be printed (Bill 306) with explanatory notes (Bill 306-EN).
Emergency debate ( Standing Order No. 24 )
I beg to move, That this House has considered the appointment process and the circumstances leading to the dismissal of the former United Kingdom Ambassador to the United States, Lord Mandelson.
Sometimes exquisite coincidences happen in this place.
We have just seen a Bill presented on the topic of public office accountability by the immediate past Foreign Secretary, the now Justice Secretary.
I will just read to the House the first line of its description: “a Bill to impose a duty on public authorities and public officials to act with candour, transparency and frankness”.
I think I might return to those issues in the course of what I have to say.
As I have said, this is a matter of utmost concern across the House.
It is an issue that does not just concern the Conservative party, the Scottish National party or the DUP; Members from all parts of the House are worried about it, as we have seen in the newspapers.
The Government have key questions to answer, and as I said yesterday, the central question is: who knew what, and when?
Let us be clear, though.
There are many questions on many levels in this matter, and the Government must answer them all; so far, they have singularly failed to do so.
The questions fall naturally into four categories.
First, was Peter Mandelson ever an appropriate character to appoint as our ambassador?
[Hon.
Members: “No.”]
Well, we will get to that later.
Secondly, what was the procedure for vetting, was it properly followed, and why has it gone so horribly wrong?
Thirdly, what has happened in the last couple of weeks to lead to the demise of the former ambassador—who made the critical decisions and why?
Fourthly, what do we do now?
How do we make this Government tell the House and the nation the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth—which in itself would be a novelty for Lord Mandelson?
Let us begin with whether Lord Mandelson was ever an appropriate selection.
As I said yesterday, our ambassador in Washington stands at the nexus of our most important bilateral relationship.
For those who have not served in government, it is the one bilateral relationship run by No. 10, not the Foreign Office.
That is because it is so important, and it is a role of exceptional sensitivity.
More classified information crosses the ambassador’s desk than gets to most Cabinet Ministers.
Indeed, in British embassies, the agencies report to the ambassador.
It is not the same in American embassies, where the CIA does what it wants.
Our agencies report to the ambassador, so it is a sensitive post.
Today, Peter Kyle—I have forgotten his new post—said that global circumstances dictate that the position of this particular ambassador is more important than it has ever been, and it could easily go terribly wrong.
The failure to appoint the right person has already had a serious and deleterious impact on the national interest.