The hon.
Gentleman is right that Serco’s record was poor and unacceptable.
We stepped in, and have fined it.
I cannot say by how much, because it is commercially sensitive, but I can tell him that I intend to hold Serco to account.
The job that it does is immensely important for public confidence.
What steps his Department is taking to maintain courtrooms.
What steps he is taking to improve the court estate through restoration and renewal.
For years, our court buildings under the last Government were left to crumble and decay.
This Government have boosted capital funding from £120 million last year to over £148 million for this year.
From Reading to Blackpool, we are building new courts and restoring old ones.
I look forward to Chorley’s then.
Prestatyn justice centre and its hard-working staff provide a vital service to my constituents, but on a recent visit it was clear that the building needs investment.
Can the Minister update the House on what the Government are doing to repair and modernise our court estate, and will she look at what can be done to support our facility in Prestatyn?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Prestatyn justice centre is a valuable facility for her community.
We have a number of projects in the pipeline for Wales.
Obviously we must prioritise those court buildings that are most in need and where there is most disrepair so that we can bring them back into use, but I am happy for her to write to me about that particular case.
Since 2019 my constituents in Lancaster have had to look at a ring of steel fencing around the Lancaster courthouse in our city centre as it awaits maintenance work to make it more sightly.
The fencing has been there since 2019, so how much longer will my constituents have to wait for this maintenance work?
I understand that people in Lancaster have been using the Crown court in nearby Preston, which is a more modern and accessible facility.
We are undertaking a consultation about the future of Lancaster Crown court, but I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend in more detail about the timeline.
Does the Minister agree that access to justice is very important, particularly in rural areas, where sometimes witnesses or those offering family support have to travel to court appearances?
Is it not vital to maximise accessibility for such people?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
When we talk about access to justice, that must mean access to justice in every single respect, and there is no more obvious demonstration of that than accessibility to the door of the court.
That is why we undertake continuous review of our court estate to ensure that it is physically accessible to all users.
What steps he is taking to improve the safety of the prison estate.
The safety of our prison staff is a No. 1 priority for me.
That is why we are investing £40 million to stop the contraband that puts our hard-working staff particularly at risk.
We are also rolling out protective body armour for use in the highest security units and trialling the use of Tasers for specialised staff.
Thousands of drones are being used to smuggle contraband such as weapons and drugs into prisons.
Locally, I have met leading security company Preventive Concepts Security.
The shadow Lord Chancellor was good enough to visit it in France to see its technology in action, detecting and disabling drones.
What specific steps is the Department taking to roll out drone detection capabilities across the prison estate?
Is it currently engaging directly with private stakeholders such as Preventive Concepts Security?
I did see that the shadow Lord Chancellor had visited France.
I looked seriously and closely at what he was proposing, and I propose to make some announcements in that area over the coming weeks.
Last week in Brighton, the TUC unanimously backed the “Safe Inside” campaign promoted by the Joint Unions in Prisons Alliance calling for urgent action against record-high levels of prison violence and second-hand exposure to psychoactive substances.
Does the Secretary of State agree that current conditions are quite intolerable for prison staff and that the Prison Service needs to be held directly accountable for the health and safety of everyone who works in prisons, all of whom deserve to be safe inside?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
We are talking to the unions.
I hope that the £40 million we have put in will be able to alleviate some of the problems, but he is right that the assaults on our staff are entirely unacceptable.
That is why I am committing from the Dispatch Box to making further announcements in the coming days.