We are warned by the Secretary of State that we are in a “pre-war world”, yet we do not have sufficient training and resources to undertake high-intensity warfighting, and we do not have the equipment and stockpiles for our forces to survive a prolonged campaign.
It has been 14 years; when will this be put right?
The hon.
Gentleman may not be aware that we have just provided the largest number of personnel to the largest NATO exercise in Europe since the cold war—Steadfast Defender, which is the largest exercise for 40 years.
The United Kingdom can be very proud of the number of people we supplied on land, in the air and at sea.
I have to make a fundamental point to those on the Opposition Front Bench: we cannot just wish ourselves to security; we have to spend 2.5% of GDP, and we have to set out the trajectory to get there.
That is exactly what the Government have done.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of Trident renewal.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the Trident programme, but I am unclear about whether he means the Dreadnought submarine part of that.
Of course, different parts of a programme often combine together, but the Dreadnoughts themselves will enter service in the early 2030s.
That was an interesting answer from the Secretary of State.
The Government and the loyal Opposition have both pledged to commit to Trident renewal, investing obscene amounts of money that would be better used to improve our NHS, to help households with the cost of living and to support personnel or, indeed, veterans.
According to the House of Commons Library briefing, Trident renewal is expected to cost £21 billion in 2022-23 prices, while one in three children  is currently living in poverty.
When will the Secretary of State agree that Trident renewal is an obscene waste of money, which could be put to much better uses?
I was recently at Faslane in Scotland, and I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that that is not what the people employed in the defence sector think about Trident.
I can tell him something else: having stood at the Dispatch Box and been Defence Secretary, I know that the defence of this country is vastly supported by having our nuclear deterrent.
In my view, every other issue that we face comes after the defence of this realm.
Although  the right hon.
Member for Midlothian (Owen Thompson)  is a valued member of the Intelligence and Security Committee, I think the Secretary of State would agree that the SNP is very much on its own on the idea of scrapping the nuclear deterrent.
I am put in mind of a quotation from the late Denis Healey, who said that “once we cut defence expenditure to the extent where our security is imperilled, we have no houses, we have no hospitals, we have no schools.
We have a heap of cinders.”—[Official
Report,  5 March 1969 ; Vol. 779, c. 551.]
Is that endorsement of deterrence not as true today as it was when he gave it 55 years ago?
Absolutely right.
What steps he is taking to improve service family accommodation.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
Currently, around 96% of service family accommodation meets or exceeds the Government’s decent homes standard.
Only these properties should be allocated to our families.
As a base primarily for our Royal Marines, Chivenor in North Devon sees personnel stationed there for shorter periods of time than many other military bases.
Will my hon.
Friend consider additional support for high turnaround bases, perhaps including access to dental services for forces families where there are problems registering with local providers?
I very much enjoyed visiting RM Chivenor last summer
and I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being a consistent champion of the armed forces in her constituency.
MOD dental healthcare provides dentistry for our armed forces personnel, ensuring that they are dentally fit and ready to deploy in the UK and overseas.
The NHS provides dental care for civilians, which includes the families of armed forces personnel.
I would be more than happy to arrange a meeting between my hon.
Friend and MOD dental healthcare if she so wishes.
As the Department continues to sell off service accommodation for armed forces personnel, including at Whittington in my constituency, and has abandoned plans to allocate based on family size, does the Minister accept that this can contribute to lower recruitment and retention levels for the armed forces?
That is entirely why we are investing in our estate.
I have mentioned the importance of the additional £400 million, and that is not abstract.
It has enabled us to make a real difference to the accommodation of our armed forces by putting in thousands of treatments for damp and mould, and lots of homes are getting new doors, new boilers and so on.
That is the difference the funding makes, and that is why our commitment to 2.5% is so important.
It is not just about capability; it is about the homes of our armed forces personnel.
Last month, the landmark report into armed forces housing found that poor quality military accommodation had become “a tax on the goodwill of service personnel and their families”.
Does the Minister agree?
The hon.
Lady is welcome to send me a copy of that report, although I am not sure it is entirely impartial.
I look forward to reading the conclusions—[Interruption.]
Presumably it recognises that if we want better accommodation, we need to put the funding in, so I assume that its conclusions recommend that Labour commit to 2.5%.
What steps he is taking to ensure that the armed forces are adequately equipped to tackle security threats.
We have considerably strengthened the UK’s defence in recent years and the Prime Minister’s announcement to increase defence spending to 2.5% signals our intent to invest further to ensure that our armed forces are equipped to deal with the threats we face.
We are embracing innovation, investing in warfighting capability and bolstering the UK’s industrial base by reforming procurement.
The war in Ukraine shows that drones will play a crucial part in future conflicts, so what are the Government learning from what is happening on the battlefield to ensure that our armed forces have the equipment they need to defend us from drone attacks?
That is an excellent question from my right hon.
Friend, and I am pleased that so many colleagues on this side of the House are asking about drones.
At the heart of our defence drone strategy is the commitment to learn from Ukraine and from the frontline, and we are well placed to do that because we have joint leadership of both the drone capability coalition in respect of Ukraine with Latvia, and the maritime coalition—where uncrewed systems have been so important—jointly with Norway.
There are two key steps we are taking.
One is to improve governance, to cohere that learning across defence and into our armed forces.
The other is to have a strong relationship with industry, and I can confirm that next month we will be holding an industry day in the MOD with drone companies from across the country.
What recent assessment he has made of the level of risk posed by hostile cyber-activity to the UK’s security.
We take the risk of hostile cyber-activity very seriously.
Our Department contributes to the national security risk assessment and the national risk register, and of course plays a key role in delivering the national cyber strategy to respond to hostile cyber-activity against the UK.
British cyber-security is among the best in the world, as the sector has innovative companies employing 58,000 people and revenues of £10 billion or more.
Under this Government, though, the Ministry of Defence’s record on cyber-security only gets worse, with breaches tripling over the last five years.
What steps is the Minister taking to work with British cyber-security innovators to overcome his Government’s lax record on cyber-security, to support British innovation and, crucially, to keep our armed forces safe?
We are doing all those things at pace and, of course, the scale of the challenge is very significant.
We are injecting a huge amount of money and institutional energy into ensuring that our cyber-defences are up to scratch.
We are at the point of the spear when it comes to defensive cyber, as illustrated by the brilliant men and women who are part of our National Cyber Force, and we commend them.
What recent assessment he has made of the security of the UK’s military bases and service personnel in the middle east.
Of course, the force protection of UK service personnel and our bases across the middle east is kept under constant review.
Having been in Bahrain and Qatar in recent days, I can report that the morale and conditions of those posted to the middle east tend to be very high—they are a very purposeful set of people—but, for operational security reasons, I would not make any comment on the security readiness action plan.
I pay tribute to the dedication and professionalism of the British armed forces personnel in the middle east who have kept us safe from terrorism and other hostile threats over many decades.
Will my hon.
Friend consider relooking at recognising all people who served historically in Aden for a service medal?
That was a very important campaign, and I am very happy to engage with my hon.
Friend.
I imagine that he might be asking about a specific constituency case, and I am very happy to sit down together to consider that.
What steps he plans to take to ensure efficient use of increased defence funding.
I am committed to ensuring that the defence uplift to 2.5% means that we spend the money as efficiently as possible.
The tremendous work by my hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement on the integrated procurement model is very important to the outcome of that spending.
I am very pleased to hear my right hon.
Friend commit to the efficient use of defence spending, which we may not have seen in the past.
Will he comment on the excellent example of his recent announcement on saving Royal Marine warships and the fact that this Government have committed to building up to six more for the commandos?
That is absolutely right.
It is very important that our Royal Marines are able to continue their activities, so not only will we keep the existing ships running but we have announced that we will build up to six new multi-role ships, which is all part of our programme to build 28 ships.
That is why our shipyards are so very busy.
Because of Government plans to mothball HMS Albion, key artefacts from the ship, including the sword of peace, were given to Chester town hall for safekeeping, and then, on  14 May , the Secretary of State announced that HMS Albion will not be mothballed.
When would he like the artefacts back?
Exactly when is HMS Albion going to be put to sea again?
We never announced that she was being mothballed, so I am very interested to hear about these artefacts.
I was on HMS Albion the other week, so I will be very interested to engage on what has been removed.
Once again, I can clarify that both those ships—both used by our Royal Marines—will remain in active service.
It is the case that more modern ships are being procured, which is possible only because we are prepared to put a date to spending 2.5% on defence.