The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to increase the competitiveness of the UK’s defence sector.
Last month, the Prime Minister confirmed that this Government are committed to increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP, with a fully funded plan.
Obviously, the public want to know that we will deliver value for money.
That is why, in parallel, we are delivering a fundamental reform of acquisition through our new integrated procurement model.
Last week, we heard an announcement about the development of a radio wave drone killer.
How is the integrated procurement model encouraging and accelerating the development of that novel technology?
My hon.
Friend highlights the fantastic news, confirmed last week, that we are developing a new radio frequency directed energy weapon.
It is an extraordinary capability that with one strike can inflict hard kill on multiple drones, at a cost of about 10p a shot.
As for how that exemplifies the new approach, it is about the close relationship between industry, our scientists, and the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory.
It is through the strength of the industry that we drive innovation and get the best kit into the hands of our armed forces.
We are pleased that there was an announcement from the Prime Minister, and that the Department has plans, but what we actually  need is industrial capacity.
When the Department is handing out orders for fleet solid support ships to Spain; when it has taken 18 months to order munitions; when The Times today shows a significant drop in the number of apprenticeships; and when the Department admits that it still will not take past performance into account when awarding future contracts, what confidence can we have that there will be the industrial capacity, and the real orders, to enable our defence industry to be competitive and supply our forces?
We are massively ramping up defence capacity.
The right hon.
Gentleman spoke about 155 mm shells; that issue is precisely why we have reached a contractual agreement with BAE Systems, and it will be ramping up production in Wales and north-east England.
We are doing the same with ships, complex weapons and, as I said earlier, novel weapons and our science base.
This is all about giving our armed forces the capability that will give them the cutting edge.