I agree with the hon.
Lady.
As the Government have made clear consistently throughout, no blame is attached in particular to the Welsh Guards.
They committed themselves heroically on that day, and I join her in saluting them, in particular those who died.
It is of huge strategic interest to Britain and the west that Israel prevails against Hamas and their funders in Iran.
The Foreign Secretary was right to state last week that ending military exports to Israel would embolden Hamas and Iran.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that such a move would both harm UK defence interests and disadvantage our own armed forces, who rely on Israeli-made battlefield equipment?
My hon.
Friend is correct in her analysis.
We are particularly focused on ensuring that our assets in the region contribute to the release of the hostages.
What is the policy of His Majesty’s Government on defence deals and arms sales to countries whose head of armed forces is under arrest warrant for alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity?
As the Minister for Armed Forces pointed out, the licensing regime is entirely independent of that.
We support the country.
We support the only  democracy in that part of the world.
We do not support the individuals in that Government; we support the country itself.
In Fareham, we are rightly proud of our world-class aircraft carriers docked in nearby Portsmouth, providing thousands of jobs and being a huge credit to our Royal Navy.
However, we all know that neither the Queen Elizabeth nor the Prince of Wales has as many jets, small warships or submarines as originally planned.
Will the Minister please tell me how further defence spending will be used to bring online the full complement of F-35 jets, for example, so that our carrier strike group has the full capability to meet the modern threats of today?
My right hon.
and learned Friend asks an excellent question.
She is right about the importance of the carrier strike group.
On the key point about the F-35s, we have confirmed 48 aircraft by 2025 and a further 27 by 2033, but in addition to that it is about working with our allies so that our carriers are at the heart of NATO operations, and ensuring that we have the maintenance and crews in place.
As we saw recently, when we needed to get the second ship active, she was ready in eight days.
That was a phenomenal achievement.
It shows how effective we are at getting our carriers in place when we need them.