Since the new shipbuilding strategy was launched two years ago, Ministers have given new build defence contracts to the Netherlands, Spain and, last week, France—just two days after the Defence Secretary declared that he was “determined” that new Navy vessels would be built “here in the UK.”
He is the Government’s shipbuilding tsar; why will he not back UK shipbuilding?
I point out that a shipbuilding strategy costs money, and that is why we are committed to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, unlike the right hon.
Gentleman.
On his key point about the shipbuilding strategy, I have been to Scotland and seen the amazing yards where we are building the Type 26 and the Type 31.
I have been to Appledore, which is contributing to fleet solid support.
We are committed to a UK shipbuilding sector.
As the Secretary of State confirmed in his speech last week, by value of the future order book, this country is now No. 1 for naval exports.
What progress his Department has made on the delivery of the UK defence drone strategy.
We are making excellent progress on implementing the defence drone strategy, which I launched back in February.
Our priority was to learn the lessons from Ukraine in order to build a sovereign industrial ecosystem that would enable uncrewed procurement at scale for the British armed forces.
As for platform production, our immediate priority remains delivering drones to Ukraine, and I confirm that we have delivered 4,000 drones, with many more on their way in the coming months.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that when it comes to the drone threat, a key priority has to be counter-drone technology, to defend our forces?
Does he agree that directed energy weapons will have a key role in that regard?
My hon.
Friend raises two excellent points.
First, he is absolutely right: our drone strategy must include a focus on how we defend our armed forces against the threats that are out there.
He is also right that a key part of the solution is directed energy weapons.
In my response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland (Jerome Mayhew) , I spoke about radio frequency directed energy weapons, but we have also announced our procurement of the laser weapon DragonFire.
Using our new procurement system, we want to get that into the hands of our armed forces as fast as possible.
That means having it on naval ships by 2027, using our new minimum deployable capability approach.
The skills of Northern Ireland’s workforce are renowned across the world.
Northern Ireland would very much like to be part of the UK defence drone strategy, so I ask the Minister this simple question: what is being been done to ensure that the skills of Northern Ireland’s workforce are used for the benefit of the whole United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
What a fantastic question.
I can answer the hon.
Gentleman simply.
Just a few weeks ago, I was in Belfast at the Thales factory, which is manufacturing some of the best weapons available.
It will be a key part of defence exports, and fundamentally a key part of future orders for the British Army.
Northern Ireland is very much part of our defence industry.