I am sorry, Mr Speaker, I was thinking of an even better question— Stick to the main one.
Indeed.
As you know, Mr Speaker, my family comes from a military background, although I am not a military expert.
Time and again, my constituents say they have heard about a shortage of shells, ammunition and others things that we cannot supply to the Ukrainians.
What is the hold-up?
Why are we not working 24/7 to produce the tools that our Ukrainian allies want?
The hon.
Gentleman asks about the supply of shells.
I am delighted to tell to him that we previously confirmed the provision of 300,000 artillery shells to Ukraine.
The latest figure is that this country has procured 400,000 artillery shells directly into Ukraine.
That is a smart tie you are wearing, Mr Speaker.
How can it be that despite spending billions of pounds on 22 A400M aircraft, we have only one available for D-Day 80?
If there are more, let us hear about it.
Why did we retire a highly reliable aircraft in the Hercules, for a highly unreliable one in the A400M?
Have we sold the Hercules aircraft?
If we have not, can we put them back in service?
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we will have two A400M aircraft available for D-Day 80 on  5 June .
The number of people who will be dropped will be 181, for the very good reason that that is the number of paratroopers who, at sixteen minutes past midnight on D-Day itself, landed and took the bridge that we named Pegasus.
In my Westminster Hall debate last year, the Minister for Defence Procurement announced plans to close the Chicksands base in my constituency, and pledged to  write with further detail.
I am yet to hear more from the Minister, but my constituents are, understandably, becoming deeply concerned.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issue further and what more we can do in the meantime to address the shocking state of accommodation on the base?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I warmly welcome the Government’s commitment to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence spending, but after we have won the next general election, growth will come to the economy and there will be much more money to be spent on defence?
How would my right hon.
Friends spend that money in the defence of the realm?
My hon.
Friend is right to point that out, because some assumptions have been a little misplaced in this House until now.
We will ensure that we can do a whole range of things that will help to make this country stronger and more secure.
On that, he has my word.