Increased defence spending is obviously only a means to an end.
It is not an end in itself.
The Treasury rightly takes a jaundiced view of the MOD’s ability to spend money wisely so, to that end, can the Secretary of State advise the House on how much taxpayers’ money and defence budget was spent refitting HMS Argyll, only for her to be paid off immediately after she came out of refit?
There is no way that the Treasury, given its very tight hold on the fiscal regime, would approve spending 2.5% of GDP on defence if it did not have confidence in how we will spend it.
Again, I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the excellent work of the integrated procurement model, which will make all the difference.
I am very happy to engage with him on individual defence decisions, but the fact of the matter is that if we do not commit to spending the money, we cannot put the pipeline in place to build things like the new ships and submarines we need.
I am unsurprised that I got no answer to my question because I never got an answer to that question on  8 January  or to my point of order on  24 March .
I was only informed by the Minister for Defence Procurement, who is whispering a response, I hope, into the Secretary of State’s ear, of the fate of HMS Argyll after I read about it in the media.
Will the Secretary of State tell me a different answer, then: did BAE Systems approach the MOD to buy HMS Argyll, or did the MOD approach BAE Systems?
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman recognises that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement has written to him on the subject, and I have no doubt that he will wish to engage with the hon.
Gentleman further.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are very mindful of the situation in Ukraine, particularly in Kharkiv where Russia is making, or trying to make, inroads.
This is an existential battle for all civilised countries that believe in democracy and freedom, and it is the case that we must ensure that the world continues to keep up the efforts.
It is not right for there to be pauses in our support and, when there are, the sort of losses we have seen on—I hope and believe—a temporary basis in Kharkiv around the villages to the north are an inevitable consequence of inaction.
Lieutenant General Pavliuk, Ukraine’s commander of ground forces, recently confirmed that medium and short-range strike drones now kill more soldiers on both sides of the conflict than any other weapon.
Is that not both a grim milestone in the history of warfare and the strongest possible signal that His Majesty’s armed forces must master that developing technology if they are to preserve and enhance their combat effectiveness?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is one reason why this country has been at the forefront of providing drones.
Indeed, we have made an enormous £325 million contribution to the drones coalition and provided 4,000 drones in the latest package, and there is a lot more to come for Ukraine.
This bloody war is now killing, or causing casualties to, up to 1,000 Russians a day, and it needs to come to a stop.