First, I thank the Minister for Defence People and Families for inviting me to visit the defence serious crime unit, which I did last Thursday.
The people there are obviously doing good work focused on tackling serious sexual and violent crimes in the armed forces.
Given the doubling of reports of bullying, discrimination and harassment in the Ministry of Defence since 2019, and some cases remaining unresolved for up to three years, what is the Minister doing to address the toxic culture in his Department?
Why is it that such things seem to be worsening on this Government’s watch?
I think the right hon.
Lady would have to admit that a lot has been done over the past two or three years, including the setting up of the defence serious crime unit and the defence victim witness care unit.
They are important.
The general message has been  that we have a zero-tolerance approach.
It has been, “Come forward.
You will be listened to and taken seriously.”
It is reasonable to assume that some of the figures are the result of people now having the confidence to come forward, because their complaints will be investigated independently.
Previously, that was not the case.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help detect biosecurity threats.
Defence remains committed to detecting biological threats.
We continue to work closely with the Cabinet Office on this matter and are the lead Department for the “detect” pillar of the biological security strategy.
We have prioritised funding to create the UK Microbial Forensics Consortium, which will strengthen our ability to detect biosecurity threats, now and into the future.
Over the past few years, the cost and impact of security failures relating to biosecurity has been much greater than that of those relating to physical security.
As the funding for the defence of this country rises to 2.5% of GDP, will the Minister ensure that he works with the Cabinet Office, the UK Health Security Agency, the Department of Health and Social Care and others to ensure that biosecurity, including protection from synthetic new threats, is at the top of the agenda?
We certainly will.
Through the biological security strategy and the associated governance structure, we are working closely with the UK Health Security Agency to co-ordinate our response to the biodefence risk, and we are investing £5 million a year in our international biosecurity programme, so we are on the same page.
Does the Minister agree that there are real concerns in the light of recent reports about the increasing recklessness with which Russian operatives may interfere in our economy, directly and indirectly, and every other aspect of British lives?
Are we prepared for that kind of mischievousness?
Yes, we are.
Whether he plans to review the UK and Israel military co-operation agreement 2020.
An agreement for UK-Israel military co-operation was signed in December 2020.
There are no current plans for the agreement to be updated, but we continually review it to ensure that it remains relevant.
The rector of Glasgow University, who is an eminent Palestinian surgeon, has been narrating the horrors of the requirement to operate, and even perform amputations, on children—often without morphine—in Gaza.
He has also detailed the horrors of the use of  white phosphorus munitions.
White phosphorus ignites during surgery when exposed to the atmosphere and requires dousing, including during complicated operations.
Why are we in a military pact with military forces that carry out such actions?
If the Minister will not repudiate the pact entirely, will he ensure that the use of white phosphorus munitions in our name is not acceptable?
Of course it is not.
We have no role in that, and we see no evidence of the prospect of that being used.
We should focus on our confidence that Israel is an important ally, which means that we can make the point that the protection of civilians is of the utmost importance.
We should also remember that at the heart of this conflict is the fact that if peace is to be achieved, Hamas need to lay down their arms and release the hostages.
If a person calls for an intifada and chants genocidal chants, they are a supporter of Hamas.
People can also be inadvertent supporters of Hamas, and can aid and abet them.
One way in which that could happen is through having an arms embargo on Israel while Iran continues to arm Hamas, so that they can repeat the  7 October  attacks, as they have said they wish to.
Will the Minister confirm that the UK Government have no interest in changing their policy on defence agreements with Israel?
Indeed.
We are assured that the strength of our relationship with Israel allows us to make representations about the protection of civilians, and about the increase in the flow of humanitarian aid.
We do that in the context of it being an extremely important ally, while being cognisant of the broader threat from the terrorist group Hamas and Iran, which my hon.
Friend mentioned.
The F-35 programme has not only given world-leading capability to our Air Force and Navy, but provided jobs and technological advancement in the UK defence industry.
Could the Minister give an assurance that any review of our relationship with Israel will not jeopardise that programme?
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that absolute assurance.
We are immensely proud of the F-35 project, which delivers devastatingly effective fighting power for us and our allies, and 20,000 UK jobs.
Following on from the 2020 agreement, in November 2021, Britain and Israel signed a memorandum of understanding, elevating the UK-Israel bilateral relationship to a strategic partnership.
The partnership is underpinned by extensive security and defence co-operation, but it also states that we will co-operate to improve Palestinian livelihoods and economic development.
What future does my hon.
Friend see for the memorandum, in the light of the war in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend asks a relevant question.
Our commitment to a two-state solution in which Palestinians achieve statehood is at the heart of our diplomacy and defence posture throughout the region, and it is unchanged.
What the budget is for the maintenance of service accommodation for financial year 2024-25.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation’s accommodation budget has not yet been finalised for the financial year 2024-25.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation.
The spend for 2023-24 on SFA maintenance and improvement was £384 million.
An additional £400 million of funding over financial years 2023-24 and 2024-25 was announced as part of the defence Command Paper refresh last July.
The new head of infrastructure at the DIO, Commodore Leah Griffin, has written in her monthly newsletter to military families that the financial situation is “more challenging than ever”, and only urgent repairs will be considered.
We can see that on the ground in my constituency.
A service person’s partner who has had abdominal surgery has been unable to climb in and out of their bath to have a shower, and has been refused any kind of modification to assist them.
That kind of financial challenge has a real impact on servicemen and women’s lives.
Could the Minister look at the problem, and commit to ensuring a decent standard of accommodation for those people who put their life on the line for us?
The hon.
Lady is consistent in raising accommodation issues.
As ever, if she has a specific case, she is more than welcome to write to me about it, if she has not already done so.
On funding, I gently remind her that we committed an additional £400 million, and because of our commitment to 2.5%, we can confirm that we are able to put another £4 billion into SFA over the next 10 years—a significant investment.
My hon.
Friend will agree that it is important that our service accommodation be of high quality, but we should also support members of our armed forces in buying a home for themselves and their families.
What support is there in the modernised accommodation offer to help soldiers, sailors and pilots get on the housing ladder?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, which speaks to my previous career, running a small business that helped first-time buyers.
Forces Help to Buy has been a great success, but we also recently confirmed support with conveyancing costs, because the cost of getting on the property ladder includes not just the purchase but all the ancillary costs.
We are committed to supporting our armed forces personnel, whether that means investing in the accommodation of those in SFA or single living accommodation, or helping those who want to get on to the property ladder.