The Government’s increase in military aid to Ukraine for this year and the years ahead has Labour’s fullest support.
Weekend newspapers reported that D-day celebrations are at risk from RAF cuts, and the latest MOD figures confirm that nearly 50,000 full-time forces personnel have been cut since 2010.
The Defence Secretary’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , admitted that this Government have “hollowed out and underfunded” the forces.
He is right, isn’t he?
I very much appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s support for the ongoing support to Ukraine of £3 billion a year.
I gently say to him that it is not possible to provide that support without a route to getting there, with the 2.5%; otherwise, it will come out of the rest of the budget.
I, too, read the story over the weekend, and it is simply not the case.
We will have, in fact, 181 parachuters—exactly the same number as those who jumped in that location on D-day.
We will also raise defence spending to 2.5% of GDP to meet increasing threats, but this is not the magic wand that will fix 14 years of Tory failure: the Army, cut; the Navy, cut; the RAF, cut.
Even defence spending—at 2.5% under Labour in 2010—has been cut by £80 billion since.
Is it not clear that the armed forces cannot afford another five years of Conservative Government?
The armed forces cannot afford a Labour Government if Labour cannot answer one simple question: when?
I and other colleagues, particularly my hon.
Friend the Member for South Dorset (Richard Drax) and the hon.
Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden), would like to follow up on the Minister’s comments to the House in March regarding the tragic sinking of RFA Sir Galahad in the Falklands war?
Does the Minister have any update on the release of further files regarding that case?
Following meetings with colleagues and veterans, having personally reviewed the files at the National Archives, and in the interests of transparency, I am placing copies of two recently reviewed extracts from the 1982 board of inquiry report on the loss of RFA Sir Galahad in the Library of the House.
Those extracts are drawn from different sections of the inquiry and have been returned to the National Archives within the main report, which will be publicly available.
Yesterday, hundreds of RMT members at the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Service took industrial action over their pay, which has fallen behind by 36% in real terms, allowing for inflation, since 2010.
Earlier, the Minister for Armed Forces commended RFA crews for the work they are doing, particularly off the coast of Gaza.
Will the Minister for Defence People and Families agree to meet RMT officials to ensure that RFA seafarers are paid fairly for the vital work they do supporting the Royal Navy?
As the grandson of an RFA officer, I defer to nobody in my admiration for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
I commend the RFA for maintaining its operational commitments, in particular in relation to Gaza.
Clearly, we listen to what Nautilus has to say with a great deal of interest and I hope the dispute will be ended as soon as possible.
RAF Valley is the largest employer of skilled workers on Ynys Môn.
The UK Government have cemented their commitment to RAF Valley with £175 million for a new  flying school, £600 million for Hawk engineering support and £44 million to improve the second runway.
What assurance can the Minister give to engineers and those who work on the Hawk T2 maintenance contract that there will be well paid, local jobs for them post-2040?
I very much enjoyed my visit to RAF Valley in February.
I can confirm that the RAF has already started its standard capability investigation process into the future of combat aircrew training.
The comprehensive review will include the procurement of the replacement of the current advanced jet trainer capability.
The investigation will consider options for aircraft, simulators and associated combined live and virtual training, such that we can continue to deliver world-class training capability for UK armed forces.
It will provide evidence on likely cost and timing of the replacement training solution to the Hawk T2.