The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs promised last year to end veterans homelessness by the end of that year.
Instead, veterans homelessness rose by 14%.
Are Ministers proud that their Government are failing to deliver on their promise to their veterans?
I say to the hon.
Lady, who has been consistent in that line of questioning, that one person homeless is one person too many.
It is important to emphasise that most people leave the armed forces in a very good position, with skills that will advance their careers in civilian life.
I do not want her giving the impression that people are damaged as a result of the service that they have given; the very reverse of that is the case.
We will of course continue to support veterans, charities and initiatives to ensure that, particularly in places such as naval base port areas and garrison towns, we house everybody who needs accommodation.
Britain’s world-leading motor sports industry is worth at least £10 billion annually to the UK economy.
The sport’s governing body, Motorsport UK, has proudly sponsored access to military venues for many years, but despite recently signing the armed forces covenant, that access appears to be diminishing.
Will the Minister please agree to meet me, and perhaps the Defence Infrastructure Organisation, to discuss better third-party revenue-generating opportunities for the MOD estate?
I would of course be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
On the subject of motorsport, I stress to him and the House that the MOD has a brilliant partnership with McLaren, jointly innovating to look at, for example, technology relating to electronic vehicles.
I am more than happy to meet him and look into the matter further.
A constituent of mine who rents his home from the Ministry of Defence has recently been given notice to quit within two months, without any reason.
He has never missed any rent payments and he has been unable to contact his landlord with a query on the instruction.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the situation?
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss that; I have seen several cases of people having to leave their service accommodation.
In general, the DIO and the Ministry of Defence will ensure that people have more than the minimum allowed by legislation, and we bend over backwards to ensure that people leaving service accommodation have somewhere to go to.
My hon.
Friend will appreciate the huge importance of what the UK defence industry is doing to help Ukraine get the equipment it needs.
Can he update the House on what his Department is doing to increase the amount of ammunition getting to the front line in Ukraine?
My hon.
Friend, who has Defence Equipment & Support in his constituency, has been a consistent champion of supporting Ukraine and he comes to every questions session to make that point.
We are working hard to get more munitions in there; I mentioned 400,000 artillery shells, but I could list an enormous amount of ordnance.
I can tell him and the House that we are not just doing everything possible ourselves, but cohering our allies and learning the lessons for our own armed forces.
We have to be in this for the long haul, and the fight for Ukraine’s freedom is the right one.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker, I think my hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement may have—inadvertently, I am sure—just misled the House of Commons.
Pegasus bridge was captured in a glider-borne assault by the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, not a parachute assault.
I know that because I was at the D-day 70 with the then Prime Minister David Cameron at 12.16 am to commemorate the assault.
I am sure it was an error by my hon.
Friend; no one will want to believe that an MOD Minister tried to change the history of D-day because the aircraft did not work.
The good news is that that is a point of clarification, which have been resolved.
We now come to the urgent question.
I will run this short: the question for the water company is about those who are affected, not other parts of the UK—so just for clarification, it is a tight UQ.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to make a statement on South West Water and Brixham’s contamination.
On  Monday 13 May , South West Water was notified by the UK Health Security Agency of cryptosporidium cases in the Brixham area.
South West Water undertook monitoring from Monday evening into Tuesday, with the results on Wednesday morning identifying crypto in the Hillhead distribution area.
A boil notice was issued for customers on  Wednesday 15 May  to cover both the Hillhead area and the Alston area.
I know that has caused considerable concern and disruption to the local community.
To date, UKHSA has identified at least 46 confirmed cases of cryptosporidium but, given that symptoms may take up to 10 days to emerge, obviously that number may continue to rise.
Two people have been hospitalised.
Two bottled water stations were initially opened on  Thursday 16 May , and in my call with the chief executive on Friday, I requested that a third be opened and the hours extended, both of which then happened effective from Saturday.
I also raised concerns with the chief executive, including those shared with me by my hon.
Friends the Members for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall) and for Torbay (Kevin Foster) about inadequate compensation.
That was raised to £150 for residents in the Alston supply area and has now gone up to £215 for those continuing to be affected in the Alston area.
A helpline has been established for businesses and I requested that it work with local MPs to streamline the process.
In addition, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries visited the community on Friday.
Some 16,000 properties were initially subject to the boil notice, but 85% of them—32,000 residents in 14,500 properties that receive their water from the Alston reservoir—have now had the boil notice lifted.
Not only have all the tests on the Alston reservoir been clear, but South West Water says that the positive test of the valve supports its contention that the most likely cause is downstream of that reservoir.
If that is the case, those 85% of residents were never subject to any water issues and the boil notice was applied on a precautionary basis.
Notwithstanding that, I am sure that there will be ongoing concern, so daily testing of that water will continue for the foreseeable future.
The Hillhead reservoir has now been drained, cleaned and refilled.
A flush of the network, which aims to remove traces of cryptosporidium detected in the system, was started this morning.
We are working with South West Water and the Drinking Water Inspectorate, recognising the ongoing disruption to the remaining 15% of residents.
I know that South West Water will want to comply fully and in a timely fashion with the investigation of the Drinking Water Inspectorate.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.