We take the threat Iran poses very seriously.
We note that it uses its malign influence to continue to destabilise the middle east through its pernicious use of proxies.
Our judgment is that that capability and intent remains.
Our role in deterrence regionally is hugely important.
I was very pleased recently to visit the magnificent sailors of the Royal Navy stationed in Bahrain.
I reiterated that point about the fantastic deterrent effect they were having when I had a highly  productive interview with the British Forces Broadcasting Service.
You will know, Mr Speaker, if you listen to BFBS as I do, that that point cannot be over-made.
We are grateful for the magnificent activities of our Royal Navy in the Gulf, which are keeping us all safe.
As the Minister has said, Operation Shader was originally put together in 2014 to defeat the Sunni Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
The Liberal Democrats are very supportive of the way in which the Royal Air Force was used last month to help to intercept the Iranian bombardment of Israel, but the last parliamentary vote on Operation Shader was held in 2014, when Members were approving resources and deployments of UK armed forces to defeat ISIL.
Will the Minister subject any operation that is designed to deter Iranian attacks to a debate and a vote?
It seems to me to be the settled view that Operation Shader is a good thing, and I do not sense any appetite for a parliamentary debate among colleagues across the Benches in this House.
I should put it on record that I was very pleased to meet the men and women of the Expeditionary Air Wing in Romania, who have contributed so bravely over recent months to magnificent military effect through that operation.
What steps he is taking to help support the delivery of aid to the middle east.
What steps he is taking to help support the delivery of aid to the middle east.
As we have discussed today, there is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support for Gaza.
We—especially in the MOD—are working alongside partners and international organisations to enable the Cypriot maritime aid corridor initiative.
Over the past few months, we have seen shocking levels of suffering in Gaza.
The only sustainable way in which to end this humanitarian disaster is an immediate ceasefire and the return of all hostages, but in the meantime aid must be provided to save the lives of innocent civilians.
Can the Minister explain why there has been only one shipment of UK aid in more than six months, and none so far this year?
On the contrary, we have been hugely active.
We have had 11 airdrops delivering more than 110 tonnes of humanitarian aid to Gaza, and that is in concert with our friends in Jordan.
We commend the magnificent men and women of the Royal Air Force, who have been instrumental in delivering that much-needed aid.
I echo the commendation that the Minister has just given our air service personnel.
However, no one can be unmoved by the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, with scenes of children dying of hunger—it is utterly intolerable.
I welcome the Government’s efforts  to deploy UK aid flights and airdrops into Gaza, but the mounting scale of this disaster is showing that that is simply not enough.
Can the Minister explain what the Government are doing to increase the number of UK aid shipments and access to Ashdod port?
We are seeking to ensure an increased flow not just through the air but by road and sea, which is why we have been instrumental in the setting up of the humanitarian pier.
We commend and thank the captain and crew of the RFA Cardigan Bay, which is providing life support for those involved in the pier’s delivery.
We hope that this is the first of a sequence of increased deliveries via all three routes.
What steps he is taking to ensure that the UK meets its NATO obligations.
What steps he is taking to ensure that the UK meets its NATO obligations.
Our commitment to NATO is unwavering.
In response to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine, we have committed almost all our forces to NATO.
We contribute to every single NATO mission and declare our nuclear deterrent to NATO.
We show our commitment not least through our increase in defence spending to 2.5%.
The Public Accounts Committee has warned that “deterrence can only be effective if our Armed Forces are credible.”
However, that has been “undermined” by recruitment issues, with more people leaving the forces than being recruited.
What message does the Secretary of State think that sends to our NATO allies?
I am pleased to inform the hon.
Lady and the House that we are now seeing a very high level of applications.
Last week, the First Sea Lord told me that HMS Raleigh, where the training takes place, is the fullest it has been for more than eight years.
We have seen a big increase in applications to all three services, and long may it continue.
I am sure the Secretary of State recognises that the UK plays an outsize role in NATO as a crucial bridge between the United States and Europe.
Does he agree that the UK should be contributing its huge industrial expertise to EU defence and security programmes, offering NATO additional resilience and choice while securing sovereign capability through home-grown intellectual property?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: our missions do indeed play an outsized role in NATO.
We are the second biggest spender in NATO and the largest spender in Europe by a country mile, as Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary-General, said to me the other week.
As I said in my original answer, we are contributors to every single NATO mission, plus we declare our nuclear deterrent to NATO—other than France, we are  the only country in Europe to do that.
We will always look at ways to do more with NATO.
Committing to 2.5% of GDP sends a very clear signal that we are on the side of doing that.
Maintaining freedom of passage through the Greenland-Iceland-UK gap is an essential task for NATO, particularly for the resupply of Europe in times of war.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is an equally big threat from half the Russian fleet being in the Arctic?
Will he join us on  Thursday 8 July  at a symposium that we and NATO are holding jointly in Portcullis House to discuss defence in the Arctic?
That is a very important point, and questions have already been raised today about the size of the Russian fleet, what it is doing and where it is active.
I will have to check the date, rather than answer my hon.
Friend from the Dispatch Box, but I am much predisposed to attend the symposium.