In 2022, that estimate grew to 2.38 million.
We do not have to

choose between saving our dams and preserving our salmon populations.
We can continue to protect endangered salmon without sacrificing our

way of life.
The Lower Snake River dams are critical for strengthening our energy

grid and providing our region with some of the lowest energy costs in

the nation.
They help give us our competitive edge.
In the Pacific

Northwest, roughly 60 percent of the power consumed comes from

hydroelectricity; in Washington state alone, that figure is closer to

70 percent.
Lower Granite Dam alone has six hydroelectric generators that

generate up to 135 megawatts (MW) of energy each.
Together, they have

the capacity to generate 810 megawatts, which is enough electricity to

power a city the size of Portland, Oregon.
Ice Harbor Dam, another part of the Colulnbia-Snake River System, can

generate enough electricity to power all of the homes in Spokane,

Spokane Valley, and Wenatchee.
Perhaps one of the most underappreciated

aspects of the hydropower produced by these dams is that it can be

dispatched at a moment's notice, helping families and businesses keep

their lights on year-round.
The Columbia-Snake River System also serves as a super-marine highway

for farmers to ship their products all across America and around the

world, all while reducing carbon emissions and lowering shipping costs.
Each year, nearly 10 percent of all U.S. wheat exports are barged on

the Snake River.
Additionally, roughly 250,000 tons of wood chips are

barged between locations on the Lower Columbia River and Lewiston,

Idaho, where they are turned into pulp for paper production at mills

across our region.
In 2020, approximately 4.2 million tons of cargo were transported

through the Snake River dams.
It would have taken more than 42,000 rail

cars or 162,000 semi-trucks to transport that amount of cargo on land.
If these dams were breached, it would lead to an increase in diesel

fuel consumption by nearly 5 million gallons per year.
It would also

result in an increase in CO2 and other harmful emissions by more than

1.2 million tons per year.
The increased trucking activity would- also increase the cost of

fuel, highway and terminal facility maintenance, driver time, and

vehicle maintenance by more than $69 million per year, all of which

would be passed on to consumers.
The bottom line is that tearing out the Lower Snake River dams would

not only diminish grid reliability and make it harder for local farmers

to feed the world, it would be counterproductive to achieving our

carbon reduction goals.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

enormous benefits the four Lower Snake River Dams provide for the

people of Eastern Washington and for the entire Pacific Northwest.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GLOBAL MEDICAL RESPONSE 2024 STARS OF LIFE AWARD

RECIPIENTS

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Global

Medical Response Stars of Life award recipients for 2024.
Each year, the American Ambulance Association (AAA) honors a select

group of Emergency Medical Services professionals for their commitment

to patient care, integrity, and compassion through the Stars of Life

program.
Global Medical Response, a member of the AAA and the world's

largest provider of emergent and non-emergent medical transportation

and healthcare services, has identified 33 of its frontline heroes for

this distinction, representing the best of the best in the air and on

the ground.
We will find these heroes all around us in our communities.