This tool has allowed the Navy to

avoid hundreds of additional ship maintenance delay-days, improving

readiness and diverting hundreds of millions of dollars to other

critical purposes for a government investment a small fraction of that.
AMS is being evaluated for broader use and integration into existing

Navy decision support tools.
On behalf of the 1st district of Virginia, I thank ITA for its

service to our Nation, and I look forward to hearing about their future

accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE FOUR LOWER SNAKE RIVER DAMS AND THE VALUE THEY PROVIDE

TO EASTERN WASHINGTON

HON.
CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS

Mrs. RODGERS of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the four Lower Snake River dams and the value they provide to Eastern

Washington.
The Columbia River System is the beating heart of the Pacific

Northwest.
This critical infrastructure helped transform our region

from a dry, barren sage brush into one of the most productive

agricultural regions in the world.
It serves as a super-marine highway for farmers to ship their

products all across America, while keeping thousands of trucks off the

road every year.
The dams along the Lower Snake River have strengthened

our energy grid, lowered energy costs, and made us a leader in reducing

carbon emissions.
They help prevent life-threatening blackouts during extreme weather,

not just in Washington state, but in California, Idaho, Oregon,

Montana, and Wyoming.
They also support a thriving tourism economy of

small businesses and protect parts of our region from devastating

floods.
To put it simply: the Columbia River System is critical to our entire

way of life.
Thanks to historic investments by Congress through the years, the

four Lower Snake River dams are nearly transparent to salmon.
With some

of the most effective fish passage systems in the nation, these dams

have achieved an average survival rate for ocean-bound juvenile salmon

of between 95 and 97 percent.
For adults, that average is more than 98

percent.
The scientific evidence supports the reality that dams and salmon

can--and do--co-exist.
According to a 2018 evaluation conducted by the

U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 99.6 percent of juveniles and 97.3

percent of all yearling Chinook salmon safely bypassed the Lower

Granite Darn--a survival rate that exceeds the NOAA Biological

performance standard of 96 percent.
The same study found that steelhead salmon enjoyed a 100 percent

juvenile survival rate and an overall dam passage rate of 99.4 percent.
On top of that, available data suggests that 2023 was the highest count

for adult sockeye salmon on record at Lower Granite Dam with 2,921

adults returning.
Despite the rhetoric surrounding the Lower Snake River dams and

salmon, we continue to see improvements in the returns with 2024

currently on track to be the third straight year of exceeding the 10-

year average sockeye return.
This is not a coincidence.
The Lower Snake River dams utilize some of

the most informative technology we have to help fish migrate the river,

including fish slides and fish ladders to help salmon get over the dams

safely, fish friendly turbines, spillways, and bypass facilities.
As a result, a recent study conducted by NOAA Fisheries concluded

that survival rates along the Snake River system are approaching levels

seen on rivers without dams.
In fact, this study found that wild

juvenile steelhead transported through the dams by barge return as an

adult at an 80 percent higher rate than in-river migrating fish.
In 1938, before the dams were built, it is estimated that 1.67

million salmon and steelhead returned to the mouth of the Columbia

River.
In 2022, that estimate grew to 2.38 million.
We do not have to

choose between saving our dams and preserving our salmon populations.
We can continue to protect endangered salmon without sacrificing our

way of life.