He then served as Communications Sergeant for

Battery Company of the 527th Artillery before finishing his enlistment

with the 1st Brigade, 1st Armored Division.
Not everyone answers the

call to defend our freedom, particularly during such a turbulent time

for our country.
Sgt.
McArdle was one of those rare patriots that did,

and it was my great honor that I was able to present him with the Quilt

of Valor.
May God bless Sgt.
McArdle and God bless the United States of

America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ``A SLAVE'S STORY''

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Fourth

Congressional District of Wisconsin, I would like to recognize the

Arnwine Family for honoring their family's legacy of perseverance,

activism, and dedication to create a more equal and just nation.
Sterling Arnwine's 1936 interview with the Federal Writers Project

captured the unimaginable hardship and persecution of him and his

family while enslaved.
I am inspired by the story of Sterling Arnwine

and the commitment of his descendants to share the stories of Black

Americans who suffered under the violent institution of American

slavery.
The sharing of stories not only memorializes the many people who

suffered but also gives voice to the survivors.
I thank them for all

they have done to benefit our communities.
The Arnwine Family has

touched the lives of many, and I look forward to seeing the continued

impact and change their family creates in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ITA INTERNATIONAL

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the

contributions of ITA International LLC of Newport News, Virginia to the

nation through their transition of Small Business Innovative Research

(SBIR) developed technology to government and commercial use.
Their approach is unique in that, first, they use commercial off the

shelf products for the front- and back-end of the tool with the SBIR-

developed analytic algorithms ``in the middle''.
This approach

significantly reduces the cost required to deliver solutions by

leveraging existing government software licenses integrated with SBIR-

developed algorithms.
Secondly, rather than providing a piece of

software, they marry their data analytic algorithms with subject matter

experts with profound understanding to provide unsurpassed service,

that ITA refers to as ``technology enabled professional services,'' to

their customers.
Finally, they have a structured process for applying

these algorithms, a proprietary approach based on agile development

that ensures continuous interaction with the customer and iterative

improvement of the tools and services they provide.
ITA provides a shining example of the exact intent of the SBIR

program.
ITA leveraged federally funded research in Phase I and Phase

II to develop data analytic algorithms and then applied those

algorithms to solve government and industry problems in Phase III

through innovative services.
While their focus has been on the

Department of Defense, customers across the federal government and in

industry are seeing the benefit of the technology enabled professional

services they provide,

One example is how ITA has perfected and extended a SBIR tool

(LOGCOP) using SBIR Phase III contracts over the years to provide

advanced data analytic and artificial intelligence techniques or

decision support tools.
ITA continues to develop one of the resulting

tools, called the Availability Management System (AMS), for the Navy's

Mid-Atlantic Regional Maintenance Center to better plan and execute

surface ship maintenance periods.
This tool has allowed the Navy to

avoid hundreds of additional ship maintenance delay-days, improving

readiness and diverting hundreds of millions of dollars to other

critical purposes for a government investment a small fraction of that.
AMS is being evaluated for broader use and integration into existing

Navy decision support tools.
On behalf of the 1st district of Virginia, I thank ITA for its

service to our Nation, and I look forward to hearing about their future

accomplishments.