Each year, the American Ambulance Association (AAA) honors a select

group of Emergency Medical Services professionals for their commitment

to patient care, integrity, and compassion through the Stars of Life

program.
Global Medical Response, a member of the AAA and the world's

largest provider of emergent and non-emergent medical transportation

and healthcare services, has identified 33 of its frontline heroes for

this distinction, representing the best of the best in the air and on

the ground.
We will find these heroes all around us in our communities.
From

Maui, Hawaii where a Paramedic, served as the Incident Commander for

EMS ground units during the deadly 2023 fire that devastated Lahaina to

an advanced EMF in Lagrange, GA, who safely delivered a baby while the

baby's mother was being transported to a hospital, and performed

lifesaving interventions on the newborn, who was ``pulseless'' at the

time of birth to Waco, TX where a paramedic, saved the life of a

cardiac arrest patient after working on the individual for 30 minutes

before achieving return of spontaneous circulation.
There are countless stories to share and so much that we can learn

from the day-to-day lives of these heroes.
We must learn to exhibit

integrity in everything we do and everything we say.
We must act with

compassion and grace in even the most daunting and challenging of

situations.
We must be vigilant, never wavering in our commitment to

doing what is right for the community and answering the call to serve.
So that we will never forget the immense contributions to our

communities made by the 2024 Global Medical Response Stars of Life

award recipients, I respectfully request that each of their names be

included in the Record to honor their service and humbly thank them for

showing us what it means to truly serve, while providing care to the

world at a moment's notice.
Global Medical Response 2024 Stars of Life Award Recipients

Frank Alba, Critical Care Paramedic of Kansas City, KS;

Johan Alvarado, Flight Paramedic of Laredo, TX; Aubree

Arneson, Advanced EMT of Brookings, OR; Henry Barsh, EMT of

Washington, D.C.; Antoine Berenger, Firefighter, EMT, of

Tempe, AZ; Heather James, Advanced EMT of Lagrange, GA; Emily

Chandler, EMS Programs Manager of Springfield, MA; Josh

Cavaness, Flight Paramedic of Chanute, KS; Andrew Davalos,

Paramedic of Rancho Cucamonga, CA; Riggs Egolf, Paramedic of

Hampton, VA.
Juvencio Estrada, Flight Nurse of Laredo, TX; Brent Fisher,

Flight Paramedic of Poplar Bluff, MO; Jason Florance,

Paramedic of Topeka, KS; Scotland Hamlin, EMT, Field Training

Officer of Orlando, FL; Jason Henry, Fire Captain of Tempe,

AZ; Jason Hodges, Operations Supervisor of Portland, OR;

David Kingdon, Paramedic of Maui County, HI; Daniel ``Dan''

Laguna, Pilot of Elko, NV; Matthew Lambert, Paramedic,

Lifeguard of Florence, AL; Miki Leslie, EMT, Field Training

Officer of Yakima, WA.
Alyssa Meier, EMT of Prescott, AZ; Eli Melamed, Paramedic

of Prescott, AZ; Megan Overbeck, Paramedic of Decatur, IL;

Michael Pernna, Critical Care Transport Registered Nurse of

Redlands, CA; Kevin Rochford, Paramedic of Waco, TX; Lance

Smeal, Advanced EMF, Field Training Officer of Buffalo, NY.
Raquel Soto, Paramedic of West Hartford, CT; Jason

Southard, Operations Supervisor of Tucson, AZ; Shane Terry,

Flight Paramedic of Big Spring, TX; Andrew Varela, Paramedic,

Field Training Officer of Modesto, CA; Lucie Walters, Flight

Respiratory Therapist of Birmingham, AL; Nikki Warren, Flight

Nurse of Poplar Bluff, MO; Ambrose Stevens, Paramedic,

Operations Manager of Redding, CA.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP OF TY BLACKFORD

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, along with my colleagues Senators Mike

Crapo and Jim Risch, I rise to recognize the leadership of Ty Blackford

within his roles as President and Program Manager at the Idaho

Environmental Coalition (IEC).
During his time as President and Program Manager at IEC, Ty Blackford

led his team to advance the cleanup mission at the U.S. Department of

Energy's (DOE) Idaho National Laboratory Site (INL).