Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARSHALL STREET ARMORY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
166

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARSHALL STREET ARMORY

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the 100th anniversary of the

Marshall Street Armory, a historic landmark that has served as a vital

cornerstone of the Lansing community.
Since its opening in 1924, the Marshall Street Armory has played an

important role in supporting our military through numerous conflicts

and serving the people of Mid-Michigan.
Originally home to the 119th Field Artillery Regiment of the Michigan

National Guard, the armory was designed by Michigan's first state

architect, Lynn W. Fry, and stands as one of the earliest examples of

Gothic-inspired military architecture in the state.
For more than 80

years, it housed Lansing-based National Guard units that contributed to

the defense of our Nation in nearly every war during that period.
The

Marshall Street Armory was also the staging ground for Guard units

providing aid during domestic crises and natural disasters, helping to

protect our country and assist those in need.
Beyond its military purpose, the armory became a gathering place for

local residents.
It hosted weddings, concerts, swap meets, boxing

matches, and even circuses, cementing its place as a hub for social

events and activities.
Whether for celebrations or service, the

Marshall Street Armory always brought people together in times of

peace.
After the 119th Field Artillery Regiment was decommissioned in 2007,

the armory closed its doors as a military facility.
In 2010, it was

placed on the National Register of Historic Places, securing its legacy

as an architectural and historical treasure.
In 2012, following extensive renovations, the Marshall Street Armory

reopened as a nonprofit collaboration center.
Today, it houses several

organizations, including Capital Area United Way, Big Brothers Big

Sisters, and the Capital Region Community Foundation.
It continues to

serve the Greater Lansing area in a new capacity, providing essential

services and strengthening the fabric of Mid-Michigan.
As we celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Marshall Street Armory,

let us honor both

its military heritage and its present role as a center of service and

opportunity, filled with organizations dedicated to improving the lives

of Lansing residents.
It is with great appreciation and respect that I

recognize the Marshall Street Armory's century of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SERGEANT ANDREW ``TIM'' KINIRY (WWII ARMY MEDIC)

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, it was my honor to pay tribute to Sergeant

Andrew ``Tim'' Kiniry, a 102-year-old U.S. Army veteran who served his

country gallantly on the shores of Normandy during World War II.
Sergeant Kiniry performed one of the most courageous duties a solider

can do by volunteering as a medic right on the front lines of one of

America's bloodiest battles.
Not only did he charge bravely into battle

with his unit, but he also simultaneously treated his fellow soldiers

for injuries while under fire.
Army medics were often the primary

target on the battlefield, marked by the Red Cross for protection, but

it ultimately led to increased fire by the Nazis.
Tim, however, carried

out his duties with bravery, applying tourniquets, bandaging wounds,

and helping evacuate casualties to hospitals.
This past year, he

returned to Normandy to commemorate the 80th anniversary of D-Day and

pay homage to all the fallen heroes.
In the years following the war,

Tim has devoted much of his time educating the youth of the atrocities

that war brings, and he loves to remind me of the great quote ``Lest we

forget.''
I thank Tim for all he has done for the United States.
God

bless Sergeant ``Tim'' and God bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SUPERVISOR JOHN HIDAHL

HON.