I thank Tim for all he has done for the United States.
God

bless Sergeant ``Tim'' and God bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SUPERVISOR JOHN HIDAHL

HON.
TOM McCLINTOCK

Mr. McCLINTOCK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and service of

El Dorado County Supervisor John Hidahl, who passed away on November 2,

2024, at the age of 73.
John Hidahl was born and raised in California's Central Valley and

graduated from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo with a bachelor's degree in

mechanical engineering.
Throughout his successful career, he worked at

Aerojet for 31 years and Northrop Grumman for 10 years, where he filled

various roles, such as a rocket test engineer, the director of

engineering, and the chief systems manager.
Coming from a farming

family, Supervisor Hidahl was also the Chairman of Hidahl Ranch, where

he helped manage the almond and walnut farm.
Outside of his career success, Supervisor Hidahl tirelessly worked to

improve the community around him.
His motto of service before self is

evident in the various areas where he volunteered and served his

community.
Among his many other roles in the El Dorado Hills community,

he served for 33 years on the County Water District, 36 years on the

Area Planning Advisory Committee, and 23 years on the Community

Council.
Supervisor Hidahl was elected twice to the El Dorado County Board of

Supervisors, where he served as the District 1 Supervisor while

advocating for a balanced budget, open space preservation, and housing

options for seniors.
Supervisor Hidahl was also engaged with his

community outside of his formal roles, as he also actively supported

the boy and girl scouts along with groups that serve the county's

homeless population.
In his spare time, Supervisor Hidahl enjoyed

spending time with his family, traveling, and being outdoors.
Supervisor Hidahl is survived by his wife Eileen, their five

daughters, and their 10 grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, Supervisor Hidahl was a devoted public servant who loved

his country, his county, and his community.
He will be deeply missed by

all those who knew him.
It is with a heavy heart that I rise today to

honor his memory.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for H.R. 82,

Social Security Fairness Act of 2023, due to air travel cancellations.
As both a co-sponsor and a signer of the discharge petition that

brought this bill to the floor, I am a strong supporter of eliminating

the windfall elimination provision (WEP) and the government pension

offset (GPO) that denies some retirees from receiving their full Social

Security benefits.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
456.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

QUILTS OF VALOR RECIPIENT SERGEANT FRANCIS McCARDLE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, it was my honor to present the Quilt of

Valor to Army veteran Sergeant Francis McArdle, in recognition of his

great service to our country.
Sgt.
McArdle gave three years of his life

to the United States by serving in the U.S. Army during one of the

toughest times of American history, the Vietnam War.
He served his

country in a multitude of ways, first beginning with a special

designation as a Forward Observer to the 101st Airborne Division with

the 527th Artillery Unit.
He then served as Communications Sergeant for

Battery Company of the 527th Artillery before finishing his enlistment

with the 1st Brigade, 1st Armored Division.
Not everyone answers the

call to defend our freedom, particularly during such a turbulent time

for our country.
Sgt.