MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, along with my colleagues Senators Mike

Crapo and Jim Risch, I rise to recognize the leadership of Ty Blackford

within his roles as President and Program Manager at the Idaho

Environmental Coalition (IEC).
During his time as President and Program Manager at IEC, Ty Blackford

led his team to advance the cleanup mission at the U.S. Department of

Energy's (DOE) Idaho National Laboratory Site (INL).
Under his

leadership, in 2022, IEC completed the exhumation of legacy waste at

the Site's Subsurface Disposal Area 18 months ahead of schedule.
Following the demolition of two ancillary structures at the Naval

Reactors Facility, his team began demolition of the Submarine 1st

Generation Westinghouse reactor prototype and recycled more than 420

tons of non-radiological metals.
In 2023, Ty's team completed the

transfer of spent nuclear fuel from wet to dry storage nine months

ahead of schedule.
In 2024, Ty led the IEC team to complete the Accelerated Retrieval

Project, one of the largest demolition projects completed in the

history of DOE's environmental cleanup program.
The project was

completed three months ahead of schedule and under budget.
In all,

workers demolished more than 520,000 square feet of building space,

which is equivalent to three times the footprint of the U.S. Capitol

building in Washington, D.C.

Under Ty's leadership, operations began at the Integrated Waste

Treatment Unit in 2023 as well.
To date, the project has processed over

100,000 gallons of sodium-bearing waste.
These most recent

accomplishments have paved the way for DOE to meet two significant

milestones outlined in the Idaho Settlement Agreement for the State of

Idaho.
Each of these accomplishments speak to Ty's 30-plus years of

experience leading and managing large and complex projects for DOE's

cleanup and nuclear operations programs at sites across the Nation,

including the Idaho Cleanup Project, Savannah River, Hanford and Oak

Ridge.
He has set the bar high for future leaders and has established a

baseline for success, of which Idaho can be proud.
We thank Ty Blackford for his diligence in his role as President and

Program Manager at IEC and for his accomplishments in the cleanup

mission at INL.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF DR.
BRIAN E. FUCHS

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Brian E.

Fuchs, who retired this month after 41 years of faithful and dedicated

service as a civilian employee of the U.S. Army.
After graduating from the New Jersey Institute of Technology, Dr.

Fuchs chose to apply his knowledge and experience to the U.S.

military's munitions research at Picatinny Arsenal located in NJ-11.
The contributions he has made to our national defense, and to our

allies' defense, are enormous, and we all owe him a debt of gratitude.
Dr. Fuchs first entered the U.S. Army in 1983 where he worked in

energetics materials testing, detonation physics, and energetic

formulations.
Since then, Dr. Fuchs has maintained a variety of

different positions on various boards and organizations focused on

insensitive munitions research.
Dr. Fuchs is also a leader in the

rapidly growing field of research on explosive ink where, under his

leadership, his team was able to produce the first qualified explosive

ink.
Along with his long career in munitions development, Dr. Fuchs is an

Adjunct Professor for the Stevens Institute of Technology and serves as

the Steering committee chair for NATO's Munitions Safety Information

Analysis Center (MSIAC).
Widely recognized by several organizations, Dr. Fuchs was awarded the

National Defense Industrial Association Firepower Award for Technology

Development in 2016.
Dr. Fuchs has also been awarded the Academic R&D

Award by Printed Electronics USA, the Six Army Research Development

Achievement Award for Technical Excellence, and the Army Research

Development Award for Leadership.
These awards were all given in

recognition of Dr. Fuchs' outstanding devotion to duty and his

contributions to research and development of munitions.