Widely recognized by several organizations, Dr. Fuchs was awarded the

National Defense Industrial Association Firepower Award for Technology

Development in 2016.
Dr. Fuchs has also been awarded the Academic R&D

Award by Printed Electronics USA, the Six Army Research Development

Achievement Award for Technical Excellence, and the Army Research

Development Award for Leadership.
These awards were all given in

recognition of Dr. Fuchs' outstanding devotion to duty and his

contributions to research and development of munitions.
I want to thank Dr. Fuchs for the critical engineering and research

work that he and his team have done over his career to support our

national defense, and I wish him the best for a well-earned and restful

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ZACHARY CEBALLOS

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of a grateful

Nation and the Citizens of the Twenty-Fourth District of Texas.
The

2024 Congressional Veteran Commendation is hereby presented to Zachary

Ceballos, Lance Corporal, United States Marine Corps, of Euless, Texas

for his honorable service in the Armed Forces of the United States of

America and for his continued service to his community,

Mr. Ceballos enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 2008,

serving as a rifleman with 1st Battalion, 5th Marines, deploying to

Sangin, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in 2011.
During his deployment, his unit would suffer significant losses that

would lay the foundation for his current dedication to supporting

veterans from all eras of service.
Mr. Ceballos' decorations include the National Defense Service Medal,

the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign

Medal with 2 service stars, the NATO Medal--ISAF Afghanistan, the Sea

Service Deployment Ribbon, the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, and the

Expert Rifle Badge.
His dedication to service does not stop with his time in the

military.
He currently serves as a veteran peer support specialist for

GallantFew, a local veteran service organization.
He devotes his spare

time to coaching veterans on mental health, teaching them rock

climbing, helping lead the Metroport Veterans Association, and planning

Melborial Day as well as Veterans Day observances in the community.
Mr. Ceballos service is consistent with the finest traditions of the

United States Marine Corps and reflects great credit upon himself, the

State of Texas, and the United States of America.