Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and acknowledge a cornerstone of our community and a leading source of news and information in Northeast Tennessee and surrounding regions, WJHLTV.
This year marks the 70th anniversary of WJHL's dedication to broadcasting excellence.
On October 26, 1953.
WJHL made its debut, serving as the first voice in our great state.
It was the vision and determination of founders Hanes Lancaster, Jr., Hanes Lancaster, Sr., and Jay Birdwell that brought this dream to fruition.
Nestled in the heart of downtown Johnson City, WJHL has since been a familiar presence, illuminating our homes with news, information, and entertainment each day.
Over the decades, WJHL has been dedicated to informing, educating, and entertaining over 300,000 households, spanning not just our Tennessee counties of Washington, Sullivan, Carter, Greene, Unicoi, Johnson, and Hawkins, but also extending its reach to into Virginia and Kentucky.
The expansive reach of WJHL's signal is a testament to its leadership and trust within the region.
Under the leadership of General Manager Paula Jackson, the station has maintained its commitment to broadcasting excellence.
Paula and her team of over 80 employees--writers, producers, reporters, technicians, and staff members--all play a crucial role in ensuring that our region stays connected and informed.
Their commitment to integrity, fairness, and community service is more than admirable.
For seven decades, the dedicated staff of WJHL has been firm in their mission to report accurate local news that is vital to our region.
Their creed is simple: news that matters to you and your family.
Throughout its history, WJHL has seen numerous milestones.
For many decades, they have proudly operated as a CBS affiliate.
And in February 2016, they expanded their broadcasting network, adding ABC to their second channel, further adding to the content available to their viewers.
However, it wasn't just in content where WJHL sought change.
In the Fall of 2019, the station embarked on a new chapter, unveiling a state-of-the-art studio, certainly fitting for a station of its legacy.
As part of the Nexstar Media Group, WJHL, which encompasses News Channel 11 and ABC Tri-Cities, is poised for continued growth and success.
As they celebrate their 70th anniversary this year, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Paula and the entire WJHL team on 70 years of broadcast excellence.
May they continue to shine brightly, informing and uniting our communities for many more years to come.