Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the service

of Dr. Mark Bouman who is retiring this week from the Field Museum of

Natural History in Chicago.
Dr. Bouman worked for the Field Museum for

over 15 years, serving most recently as the Senior Environmental Social

Scientist and, before that, as the Chicago Region Program Director at

the Museum's Keller Science Action Center.
His work focused on efforts

to build better bridges between people and nature across the

Chicagoland region and the urban world.
A lifelong Chicagoan who received his undergraduate degree in

Geography from Valparaiso University and a M.A. and Ph.D. in Geography

from the University of Minnesota, Dr. Bouman has taught at Valparaiso,

the University of Minnesota, University of British Columbia, Elmhurst

College, Chicago State University, and the University of Chicago.
He

has received numerous awards for teaching excellence, funding for

research and technical assistance projects, and authored or co-authored

a myriad of peer-reviewed articles and publications.
Dr. Bouman has played a leading role in raising awareness of the

incredible culturally- and environmentally-diverse Calumet region.
The

Calumet region is a bi-state area that spans from the Pullman National

Historical Park to the Indiana Dunes National Park.
It is loosely

bounded by the former U.S. Steel South Works in Chicago, portions of

suburban Chicago, and the Indiana counties of Lake, Porter, and

LaPorte.
From Lake Michigan to the Indiana Dunes to the Grand Calumet

River to the Kankakee River.
The Calumet is a landscape reworked for

industrial use that is now undergoing vigorous restoration for

recreational and educational uses to enrich the lives of its residents

and visitors.
While at Chicago State University, which anchors one corner of the

Calumet region, Dr. Bouman started the University's Neighborhood

Assistance Center, the Calumet Environmental Resource Center, and the

GIS Laboratory.
He also helped establish the Lake Calumet Ecosystem

Partnership and was Project Director on a map for Chicago Wilderness

that serves as an important touchstone for current planning work in the

region.
Dr. Bouman's many involvements in regional affairs have included

serving as: President of the Calumet Heritage Partnership, where he has

tirelessly advocated for the creation of a Calumet National Heritage

Area; Co-Chair of the Calumet Stewardship Initiative, as a Member of

the Working Group of Vital Lands Illinois; and as a Member of the

Millennium Reserve Steering Committee.
In addition to his volunteer pursuits, Dr. Bouman is a huge Cubs fan

with an encyclopedic knowledge of stats and history about the game

overall, a community choir singer, and a train buff; one year, he was

even given the chance to drive a train for his birthday.
He's also one

of those people who shares a lot of obscure trivia, much to everyone's

delight, not just about The Calumet region but about old Hollywood

movies, politics, and many other things.
Please join me in thanking Dr. Bouman for his service and extending

best wishes on his retirement.
I have no doubt he will continue to stay

actively involved on behalf of our region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

STOP TERROR-FINANCING AND TAX PENALTIES ON AMERICAN HOSTAGES ACT

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 9495, the

Stop Terror-Financing and Tax Penalties on American Hostages Act.
This legislation would grant the Secretary of the Treasury the

unilateral authority to suspend the tax-exempt status of any

organization deemed ``terrorist supporting'' without due process or

evidence.
U.S. law already prohibits nonprofits from providing material

support to terrorists.
Additionally, I am deeply concerned about how

this legislation could provide President-elect Trump's incoming

administration with unchecked power to cause irreparable damage to any

nonprofit he deems a threat to his own political agenda.
This could be

disastrous for nonprofits across the country, including those doing

important work in the Fourth District like Springboard for the Arts,

the Playwrights' Center, and the Center for Victims of Torture.