It was at her kitchen

table with Brenda and several friends, poring over maps and pages of

data, and in fervent prayer, that I resolved to run for Congress in

1992.
As she did for me, Brenda touched so many lives in so many ways

and because she did, the world is a better place.
join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the people of Georgia and

beyond in celebrating the extraordinary life of Brenda Davis Murrell

and in extending our deepest condolences to her family, friends,

sorors, and all who mourn her loss.
Moreover, I pray that we will all

be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in

the days, weeks, and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PINELAND LEARNING CENTER

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the great school of

Pineland Learning Center in Vineland, South Jersey, which has been of

incredible mentorship for children in South Jersey for over four

decades.
Since its founding in 1980 by the late Fred Eccleston, the

school has been an outstanding outlet for students that have struggled

in the traditional learning environment by providing alternative

learning techniques to fit their needs.
Many times, the students that

come to PLC have been dealt hands in life that most adults can't even

imagine and because of this they have not been able to find their full

potential in a typical school setting.
With the dedicated staff that

Pineland has to offer, the kids are provided with a safe, structured,

and consistent learning environment where they can discover their gifts

and see all the possibilities life has to offer.
The staff gains the

children's trust by committing themselves to learning who the student

is by understanding the student's personality as well as quirks and

triggers that cause outbursts.
This allows the kids to learn who they

are by being allowed to be themselves in a culture that feels just like

a family.
PLC goes beyond academics by also providing the students with

work-based learning for jobs that the local community has to offer, and

college fairs where many of the kids can attend universities throughout

the country.
It is my great honor to commend the Pineland Learning

Center on many years of great service to the youth of South Jersey and

I look forward to many more years of improving their lives.
God bless

Pineland Learning Center and God bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RAYLEN WEAVER

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of attending a

masterful Eagle Scout Court of Honor for Raylen Weaver from Mullica

Hill, South Jersey.
Raylen has been involved in boy scouts for seven

years since he was a rising fifth grader as a Webelos Scout and now in

the tenth grade he has already achieved the rank of Eagle Scout.
He has

held multiple leadership positions which includes the Den Chief,

Scribe, Patrol Leader and earning his way up to the position of Senior

Patrol Leader.
On his climb up to Senior Patrol Leader, he spent 59

nights camping, hiked 84 miles, and logged 76 hours of service to

better his community before he is accredited with completing 130 more

hours to complete his Eagle Scout project.
For his project, he decided

to create the Little Way Children's Garden to benefit the Mary Mother

of Mercy Church in Glassboro, South Jersey.
This garden is a beautiful

prayer area defined by edge stones with concrete and wood benches

complete with statues of St. Therese, Mary, and St. Joesph in a perfect

display to benefit children of the church and parishioners.
Raylen is

also an avid runner and biker participating in a Duathlon and the 100-

mile MS ride City to Shore.