For his project, he decided

to create the Little Way Children's Garden to benefit the Mary Mother

of Mercy Church in Glassboro, South Jersey.
This garden is a beautiful

prayer area defined by edge stones with concrete and wood benches

complete with statues of St. Therese, Mary, and St. Joesph in a perfect

display to benefit children of the church and parishioners.
Raylen is

also an avid runner and biker participating in a Duathlon and the 100-

mile MS ride City to Shore.
He plans to attend the Naval Academy or

West Point to serve his county and continue to improve himself.
I have

all faith that Raylen will make his country proud and continue to make

his local community proud.
God bless Raylen Weaver and God bless the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND HONORING KAY GRANGER FOR HER REMARKABLE SERVICE IN

CONGRESS

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, it is difficult to imagine a

Congress without my good friend and longtime colleague Kay Granger--an

effective and accomplished lawmaker who has diligently represented the

people of Texas since 1997, when she was elected as the first

Republican congresswoman from the Lone Star State.
An incredibly strong, well-informed and tenacious leader, Kay has

worked tirelessly over the years to make our government more

transparent and accountable while helping those in need.
Having worked closely with her over the years, I know her deep

personal commitment and unwavering resolve to protect unborn children

and their mothers from the violence of abortion.
During her remarkable 25 years of service on the powerful House

Appropriations Committee, she has fought relentlessly to preserve

critical protections for the weakest and most vulnerable, including the

Hyde Amendment--which has saved more than 2.5 million lives.
She has also strongly supported the Smith Amendment, which I first

authored in 1984, to prevent U.S. taxpayer dollars from funding

abortions for federal employees and their dependents, and her work on

foreign aid has helped protect so many unborn babies and women in need

around the globe.
As the first Republican Chairwoman on the House Appropriations

Committee, Kay also led our efforts in the House on many other

important matters.
She worked hard to cut wasteful spending, promote

fiscal responsibility, and ensure hard-earned American taxpayer dollars

are spent more efficiently and effectively.
At every turn, Kay has been steadfast in her support of our

courageous service members, veterans, and their families and absolutely

dedicated to boosting our national security, especially while she

served as Chairwoman of the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.
She has worked tirelessly to hold public officials to account,

including those at the U.S. State Department in the aftermath of the

horrific attack on our diplomatic compound in Benghazi that tragically

left four Americans dead.
Kay's unyielding commitment to improve the lives of her constituents

and Americans across the country has truly made a difference.
We will

always cherish our time with her in Congress and the incredible lasting

impact she has had on all of us who have known and worked with her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
MARK BOUMAN ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE FIELD MUSEUM OF

NATURAL HISTORY IN CHICAGO

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the service

of Dr. Mark Bouman who is retiring this week from the Field Museum of

Natural History in Chicago.
Dr. Bouman worked for the Field Museum for

over 15 years, serving most recently as the Senior Environmental Social

Scientist and, before that, as the Chicago Region Program Director at

the Museum's Keller Science Action Center.
His work focused on efforts

to build better bridges between people and nature across the

Chicagoland region and the urban world.