The potential for abuse under H.R. 6408 is immense as the

executive branch would be handed a tool it could use to curb

free speech, censor nonprofit media outlets, target political

opponents, and punish disfavored groups across the political

spectrum.
Moreover, the addition of this authority to the tax

code would allow the IRS to explicitly target and harass

domestic nonprofits using its investigative authority.
It is

also not hard to imagine a future administration using this

power in far broader circumstances that have nothing to do

with the

hostilities in Gaza.
And as more recent congressional

oversight efforts make clear, these efforts are part of

concerted attack on civil society that is targeted at more

than just groups involved in the campus protests regarding

Gaza.
The executive branch could use this authority to target

its political opponents and use the fear of crippling legal

fees, the stigma of the designation, and donors fleeing

controversy to stifle dissent and chill speech and advocacy.
And while the broadest applications of this authority may not

ultimately hold up in court, the potential reputational and

financial cost of fending off an investigation and litigating

a wrongful designation could functionally mean the end of a

targeted nonprofit before it ever has its day in court.
The lack of guardrails creates the potential for future

administrations to weaponize these powers against groups on

both ends of the ideological spectrum.
Even if they may never

be designated as ``terrorist-supporting,'' let alone charged

with a crime, nonprofits will curtail their activities as a

precaution in order to avoid stigmatizing and financially

devastating punishments.
That is why we strongly urge you to

oppose the inclusion of H.R. 6408 in H.R. 9495.
Sincerely,

#WelcomeWithDignity, 18 Million Rising, Advocacy for

Principled Action in Government, Alliance for Peacebuilding,

American Atheists, American Civil Liberties Union, American

Federation of Teachers, American Friends Service Committee,

American Oversight, Americans United for Separation of Church

and State, Amnesty International USA, Anethum Global, Arab

American Institute (AAI), Asian Americans Advancing Justice |

AAJC, Asian Law Caucus, Aunties Coalition, Ayuda, Bend the

Arc: Jewish Action, Borderlands Resource Initiative, Brennan

Center for Justice at NYU School of Law.
Center for American Progress, Center for Civilians in

Conflict (CIVIC), Center for Common Ground, Center for

Constitutional Rights, Center for Democracy & Technology,

Center for International Policy, Center for Media and

Democracy, Center for Popular Democracy, Center for Victims

of Torture, Charity and Security Network, Chinese for

Affirmative Action, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in

Washington (CREW), Civil Liberties Defense Center, Coalition

for Civil Freedoms, Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights

(CHIRLA), COLAGE, Colorado Immigrant Rights, Coalition Color

of Change, Community Change Action, Council on American-

Islamic Relations.
DAWN, DC Volunteer Lawyers Project, Defending Rights &

Dissent, Demand Progress, Democratic Messaging Project,

EarthRights International, Earthworks, Emgage Action,

Empowering Pacific Islander Communities, Ensaaf, Equality

Federation, Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, Faith in

Action, Food Shift, Free Press Action, Freedom of the Press

Foundation, Friends Committee on National Legislation,

Friends of Human Rights, Greenpeace USA, HEART.
Hindus for Human Rights, Human Rights First, Human Rights

Watch, ICNA Dallas, Immigration Hub, Indivisible,

International Civil Society Action Network (ICAN),

International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network, International

Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP), Islamic Association of The

Colony, Islamic Center of Quad Cities, Just Foreign Policy,

League of Conservation Voters, McKinney Islamic Association,

Medical Center Islamic Society, Middle East Democracy Center

(MEDC), MLFA, MoveOn, MPower Change Action Fund,

Multicultural Center.
Muslim Advocates, Muslim Counterpublics Lab, Muslim Justice

League, Muslims for Just Futures, NAACP, National Council of

Asian Pacific Americans, National Disabled Legal

Professionals Association, National Education Association,

National Immigration Law Center, National Iranian American

Council Action, National Lawyers Guild-Mesoamerica

subcommittee, National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund, National

Network of Abortion Funds, National Women's Law Center,

NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, New Georgia

Project Action Fund, New Israel Fund, North American Indian

Muslim Association, NTIC, Oil Change International.