With a deep love for his country and

great respect for veterans, James decided to help out the American

Legion Post 28 in Absecon, South Jersey for his Eagle Scout project.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS (VFW) WILLIE

BARRAZA POST 9173

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate Veterans of Foreign

Wars (VFW) Willie Barraza Post 9173 for their 75th anniversary.
The

Willie Barraza Post has been an important service organization to

assist our veteran community, their families, and the wider El Paso

community.
The Post was founded in 1949 and named after Willie Barraza, who was

an Army Sergeant from Smeltertown who went Missing in Action during

World War II.
Smeltertown was located in El Paso, Texas, and housed

workers of the American Smelting and Refining Company (ASARCO).
Willie

Barraza Post 9173 is the second oldest post in El Paso with veteran

members from the Korean, Vietnam, and Global War on Terrorism.
The Willie Barraza Post is chartered with 34 World War II service

members and currently has 148 members serving our border city and our

military base of Fort Bliss.
Their members are active participants in

supporting our community.
They help raise funds for local churches and

scholarship opportunities for students.
They also serve in recognizing

veterans through participation in our district's annual Independence

Day and Veterans Day parades.
Today, I want to thank the Willie Barraza Post for their service to

the country and our community.
I join them in celebrating their 75th

Anniversary and commend them for their consistent presence in El Paso.
I look forward to the continued work that they do in the coming years

and decades.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE COURT IMPROVEMENT EQUITY ACT

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, today, I am introducing the Court

Improvement Equity Act which authorizes grants to improve child welfare

services in Guam, American Samoa, and my district, the Northern Mariana

Islands.
As it stands, courts located in the Pacific territories are the only

entities that do not receive support from the Court Improvement Program

(CIP) under Title IV-B of the Social Security Act.
In all other

territories and states, the CIP provides a grant to the highest court

adoption proceedings.
Every child, regardless of where they grow up in our country, has the

right to a safe, secure, and nurturing family.
My bill would enshrine

this right by extending the same base grant currently available

everywhere else to our islands.
The gentleman from Guam, Mr. Moylan, is an original cosponsor of the

bill.
I urge my colleagues to support this vital bipartisan

legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF MRS.
BRENDA DAVIS MURRELL

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and

solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an extraordinary

public servant, trailblazing leader, wife, mother, grandmother, sister,

mentor and friend of longstanding, Mrs. Brenda Davis Murrell.
Sadly,

Brenda transitioned from labor to reward on November 9, 2024.
A

celebration of her remarkable life will be held at 11:00 a.m. on

November 15, 2024, at Victory Baptist Church, 640 Meriwether Road,

Milledgeville, Georgia.
Brenda Davis Murrell was born August 11, 1951, in Cleveland, Ohio to

the late Lexie Davis, Sr.
and Ms. Bobbie Davis Arnold.
Her family

relocated to Milledgeville, Georgia when Brenda was 10 years old, where

she began the early stages of her life's journey of achievement,

service, and empowerment of others.
She was a product of the Baldwin

County School System where she excelled academically and graduated from

Boddie High School in 1969.