and Ms. Bobbie Davis Arnold.
Her family

relocated to Milledgeville, Georgia when Brenda was 10 years old, where

she began the early stages of her life's journey of achievement,

service, and empowerment of others.
She was a product of the Baldwin

County School System where she excelled academically and graduated from

Boddie High School in 1969.
Upon graduation, Brenda attended the historic Paine College in

Augusta, Georgia where she earned a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in

1973 and joined the sisterhood of her beloved Delta Sigma Theta

Sorority, Inc, where she served for more than 50 years holding numerous

leadership positions and leveraging her influence and vision for the

sorority to make a lasting impact in communities across Georgia and

beyond.
In pursuit of further knowledge and mastery, Brenda completed her

master's degree in education from the University of Georgia in 1985 and

armed with a keen understanding of human behavior, she began employment

as a counselor within the Georgia Department of Corrections, rising

through the ranks, breaking barriers, and setting unprecedented

standards.
Her tenacity, intellect and leadership skills earned her

appointment as one of the first 3 Black and female wardens in the State

her reputation as one of the most highly competent, effective,

compassionate, and admired prison administrators in the profession.
She

was instrumental in implementing a wide range of transformative

policies and programs which remain active today, including life

changing prison ministries.
Correctional officers and offenders who

served under her leadership all say of Brenda that she always treated

them with dignity and respect.
Her career culminated as Director of Facilities Operations for the

Georgia Department of Corrections, overseeing more than 60 facilities

with 10,000 employees and 47,000 offenders, reaching the zenith of her

profession and setting a powerful example for future generations of

leaders.
Following her retirement, Brenda continued to influence the field as

a private consultant sharing her expertise with facilities and

organizations nationwide.
However, as she stepped away from

corrections, she redirected her energy to her ``first love''--DST.
As a

Delta, she embraced the Red Hat society, an organization dedicated to

women's empowerment, embodying the message of living life boldly and

with purpose.
Brenda was an avid traveler who cherished exploration, traversing

continents and embarking on 19 adventures with Carnival and Caribbean

Cruise lines.
A woman of unwavering faith, Brenda's life was grounded in her

Christian beliefs and no matter where her career moved her, she sought

out churches in her community, finding strength and kinship through

worship.
Her spiritual journey began at Flagg Chapel Baptist Church in

Milledgeville where she served for many years as Church announcer,

utilizing her distinctive voice and perfect diction there, and within

her community as a respected public speaker.
Brenda loved her family.
Her sons, Brandon and Bruce Butts were the

loves of her life, and she was a doting grandmother, to say the least.
Moreover, she loved her siblings and extended family; frequently

organizing family reunions, and providing warmth, laughter, and support

to all of them.
Brenda was a friend to many who were blessed by the bond of her

friendship.
She was frank and honest in her friendship--sharing not

just what you might want to hear but what she felt you needed to hear.
On a personal note, I will forever cherish the wise counsel and sage

advice Brenda gave me over the last 32 years.
It was at her kitchen

table with Brenda and several friends, poring over maps and pages of

data, and in fervent prayer, that I resolved to run for Congress in

1992.
As she did for me, Brenda touched so many lives in so many ways

and because she did, the world is a better place.
join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the people of Georgia and

beyond in celebrating the extraordinary life of Brenda Davis Murrell

and in extending our deepest condolences to her family, friends,

sorors, and all who mourn her loss.