DAWN, DC Volunteer Lawyers Project, Defending Rights &

Dissent, Demand Progress, Democratic Messaging Project,

EarthRights International, Earthworks, Emgage Action,

Empowering Pacific Islander Communities, Ensaaf, Equality

Federation, Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, Faith in

Action, Food Shift, Free Press Action, Freedom of the Press

Foundation, Friends Committee on National Legislation,

Friends of Human Rights, Greenpeace USA, HEART.
Hindus for Human Rights, Human Rights First, Human Rights

Watch, ICNA Dallas, Immigration Hub, Indivisible,

International Civil Society Action Network (ICAN),

International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network, International

Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP), Islamic Association of The

Colony, Islamic Center of Quad Cities, Just Foreign Policy,

League of Conservation Voters, McKinney Islamic Association,

Medical Center Islamic Society, Middle East Democracy Center

(MEDC), MLFA, MoveOn, MPower Change Action Fund,

Multicultural Center.
Muslim Advocates, Muslim Counterpublics Lab, Muslim Justice

League, Muslims for Just Futures, NAACP, National Council of

Asian Pacific Americans, National Disabled Legal

Professionals Association, National Education Association,

National Immigration Law Center, National Iranian American

Council Action, National Lawyers Guild-Mesoamerica

subcommittee, National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund, National

Network of Abortion Funds, National Women's Law Center,

NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, New Georgia

Project Action Fund, New Israel Fund, North American Indian

Muslim Association, NTIC, Oil Change International.
Organization for Identity & Cultural Development

(OICD.net), Othman Bin Affan Mosque, OPAWL--Building AAPI

Feminist Leadership, Oxfam America, Palestine Legal, PASNY,

Peace Action, Peace Appeal Foundation, Peace Catalyst

International, Peace Direct, People for the American Way,

People's Action, Planned Parenthood Federation of America,

Plus, Positive Women's Network-USA, Presbyterian Church

(USA), Office of Public Witness, Project On Government

Oversight, Project South, Protect Democracy, Public Citizen.
Refreshed Refined Reformed R3 Inc, Reproductive Freedom for

All (former NARAL Pro-Choice America), Restore the Fourth,

September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows, Shoulder to

Shoulder Campaign, Southern Poverty Law Center, Stop AAPI

Hate, The Interfaith Center of New York, The Seed Program by

Kai, Inc., The Sikh Coalition, The United Methodist Church--

General Board of Church and Society, The Workers Circle, The

X-Lab, Tides Center, Tides Foundation, Unitarian Universalist

Service Committee (UUSC), US Campaign for Palestinian Rights

Action (USCPR Action), Win Without War, Women for Weapons

Trade Transparency, Women's March.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TONY BOCELLE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to wish Tony

Bocelle a happy 100th birthday after so many great years of serving our

country, being a great family man, and

giving back to his community.
Tony gave years of his life to his

country by serving in the United States Army during World War II being

in the 11th Airborne Division where he was involved in several combat

missions.
In his time of service, he bravely assisted in a daring

prison raid in Los Banos, Philippines, which resulted in freeing nearly

3,000 American prisoners from the horrific treatment from the enemy's

military.
The operation took place on February 23, 1945, when prisoners

were lined up to be executed before the 11th Airborne division made

their attack and liberated the thousands of allied prisoners of war and

civilians.
Tony was shown homage for his service to his country on his

100th birthday on April 19th of this year when 100 flags were placed in

his yard from Americans and Filipinos thanking him for his service.
Since the end of War World II, Tony has continued to be an outstanding

member of society and has fathered a beautiful family that have added

to their father's legacy.
I wish Tony a happy birthday and I wish him

100 more extraordinary years.
God bless Tony Bocelle and God bless the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DAVE HOBSON

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues from Ohio and across

the country in paying tribute to our friend, former Congressman David

L. Hobson, who died on October 6.