Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a devoted faith leader, pillar of the Florence and Marion county communities, and a dear friend.
Reverend Dr. Mack Torise Hines, Jr. transitioned from this life on Thursday, July 4, 2024.
Although he no longer walks among us, his spirit will forever live on in the hearts of those who had the privilege of knowing him.
Born on December 2, 1946, in Florence County, South Carolina, Reverend Hines attended Florence County public schools and was a proud 1965 graduate.
After graduating, Dr. Hines enrolled at Allen University, where he became involved in various organizations, including serving as the Student Government Association President and pledging the Omega Psi Phi fraternity.
He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History in May 1969.
He later furthered his spiritual education by earning a Bachelor of Divinity degree from Morris College in 1980, followed by a Doctor of Ministry degree from Hood Theological Seminary in 2005.
From an early age, Reverend Hines knew that he would be a preacher.
A spiritual journey that began at his childhood church eventually led Reverend Hines to his first pastorate at Fork Chapel Baptist Church in Dillon, South Carolina.
He later served at three additional churches before being called to St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church in Mullins, South Carolina, where he would serve faithfully for 40 years.
During his tenure, Reverend Hines led revivals that touched the hearts and inspired the souls of many Christians.
He was also a leader in the South Carolina and national faith communities, serving as Past Secretary of the S.C. Baptist E & M Convention, Assistant Secretary of the National Baptist Convention, and Clerk and Moderator of the Pee Dee Baptist Association.
Reverend Hines' legacy extends far beyond the pulpit.
A staunch advocate for education, Reverend Hines served as an educator in Florence public schools for 12 years, and later co-founded Wilson Clergy, which awards scholarships to graduates of his beloved alma mater, Wilson High School.
He later served as the Vice-Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Morris College, one of South Carolina's Historically Black Colleges, where he was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Divinity degree for his outstanding leadership in South Carolina.
Reverend Hines always ensured he lived what he preached.
As a lifelong member of the NAACP, Reverend Hines was actively involved in the political and government decisions that affected his community.
In 1995, he became the first African American to represent House Seat 59 in the South Carolina General Assembly and was later awarded the Order of the Palmetto, South Carolina's highest civilian honor, by Governor Mark Sanford in recognition of his 12 years of distinguished service to the people.
Reverend Hines received various additional accolades and awards throughout his remarkable career, including having a portion of Highway 76 in Marion County named in his honor.
While a shepherd of souls in his community, Reverend Hines was a devoted husband, father, and grandfather.
He was married to the former Gladys Jackson of Darlington, South Carolina.
This holy union produced three beautiful children--Mack III, Michael, and Gregory.
His family is a testament to his unwavering compassion, devotion, and values that characterized his ministry and service.