The history of MoKan Goodwill is the history of two separate but like-minded organizations, eventually converging to make possible the charitable institution we know today.
The first, founded 130 years ago in 1894, was Kansas City's Helping Hand Institute.
Formed as a relief organization for the city's unhoused population, the institute supplied food and shelter as well as monetary compensation in exchange for completing work projects.
This process served to successfully provide support, employment, and eventually self-sufficiency for those who needed it most.
In doing so, the Helping Hand Institute not only made a difference in the lives of thousands of Kansas Citians, but also developed the city into the thriving metropolis we know today.
The second organization Goodwill, founded in Boston by Reverend Edgar J. Helms in 1902, was not unique to Kansas City, but was known nationwide for its charitable work and pioneering philanthropy.
With the charitable will of any good minister, Helms sought to improve the living conditions of impoverished immigrants.
He established Goodwill's trademark business model of collecting donated goods and selling them for a modest profit, which would be used to pay the workers who prepared the goods for sale.
Helms made a habit of employing people who were economically disadvantaged or had disabilities, people who, at the time, would likely be unable to find a job elsewhere.
It was a system with similar values and missions as the Helping Hand Institute.
Both organizations not only provided relief to those who needed it the most, but also sought the opportunity for upward social mobility--the opportunity to make the American Dream, which seemed so elusive to so many, a reality.
Goodwill first came to Kansas City in 1925, in the form of a repair shop at St. Peter's Evangelical Church on Oak Street.
It became clear to both Goodwill and the Helping Hand Institute that their efforts to raise the city's disadvantaged population into self-sufficiency would be more successful together.
In 1978, the two merged to form the Helping Hand.
This name was changed to Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas in 2010 to better reflect the geographic scope of the organization, thus creating the MoKan Goodwill that we know and love today.
Today, MoKan Goodwill remains a steadfast pillar of the community of Greater Kansas City.
Their thrift stores continue to operate under Reverend Helms's initial model, creating a valuable place of employment while extending the opportunity to purchase low-cost household goods, keeping those very same products out of landfills.
The organization also offers individualized, one-on-one employment services to help their clients succeed in taking the most crucial step towards becoming self-sufficient: finding a job.
Goodwill understands the importance of employment; to quote their mission statement, ``Employment is more than a paycheck.
It is independence, agency, dignity, and equality.''
That mission has evolved with the times.
Through classes with Goodwill's Artemis Institute, students can learn about new technologies commonly used in workplaces and can even become certified as a Manufacturing Associate.
Programs like the Artemis Institute prove that Goodwill can adapt to the digital age, and any other age thereafter.
Scripture 2 Corinthians 9:7 tells us, ``Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.''
The founders of the Helping Hand Institute were cheerful givers.
Reverend Edgar J. Helms was a cheerful giver.
Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas is an organization full of cheerful givers.
Mr. Speaker, please join me as we celebrate 130 years of cheerful giving.
The work that MoKan Goodwill has done empowering people and strengthening communities has been invaluable in building the vibrant Kansas City we know today.
Congratulations to MoKan Goodwill on 130 years of service and many more to come.