Mr. NORMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gregory ``GG'' Jackson, II for his outstanding leadership and service.
GG Jackson is a proud native of Camden, South Carolina, and attended the University of South Carolina after graduating high school in the 11th grade.
During his freshman year at USC, he played basketball all while taking 18 course hours and making the Dean's list.
Today, he is a long-standing member of the Jackson Ten Center and is a small forward for the Memphis Grizzlies in the NBA.
Mr. Jackson is a true example of how hard work and commitment will lead you far in life.
During his time at USC, 
Mr. Jackson was named the Southeastern Conference (SEC) Freshman of the week in the first week of the season after averaging 15 points and nine rebounds in his first two games.
He would then go on to finish the season as the Gamecocks' leading scorer before entering the 2023 NBA draft with an average of 15.4 points per game and leading the Gamecocks with 25 blocks and 24 steals.
With Jackson's dedication, he was selected by the Memphis Grizzlies, becoming a major asset and leader to the team.
During his debut, he would go on to score 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder.
10 days later he would score 35 points with seven three-point shots against the Golden State Warriors, which made him the youngest player in the NBA to make seven three pointers in one game.
Mr. Jackson's achievements do not stop there, as during the regular season finale he would score his career-high with 44 points and 12 rebounds that would also set the record for the most points by a rookie in the Grizzlies franchise history.
He now has a four-year contract with the Grizzlies.
His story is one that demonstrates that the sky's the limit and that with hard work, you can accomplish anything.
On Tuesday, July 30th Gregory Jackson will be hosting a special community event at the Jackson Teen Center in Camden, South Carolina.
This event is dedicated to preparing local youth for the upcoming school year while sharing and celebrating Jackson's remarkable journey that is an inspiration to kids across the area.
At this event there will be a Jersey Raising Ceremony that will be honoring 
Mr. Jackson by raising both his college and professional jersey.
On behalf of the 5th District of South Carolina, it is my most sincere pleasure to recognize GG Jackson for his outstanding leadership and lifelong service to our state.
I wish him the best of luck throughout his future endeavors and am confident he will continue to serve and will find great success in all he does.