Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Corner Post Reversal Act of 2024 with my good friend, 
Mr. Nadler, Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee.
This crucial piece of legislation restores longstanding judicial precedent that provided certainty to small businesses and everyday Americans by ensuring finality of agency rules.
The Supreme Court's decision in Corner Post v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System abandons the accepted interpretation of the statute of limitations found in the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), which required challenges to rules to be brought within the first six years after the promulgation of the final rule.
Instead, the Court turned the meaning of the language inside out to empower entities to challenge federal agency rules within six years of the entity accruing harm, effectively subjecting all federal rules to continual challenge.
The Corner Post ruling undermines clear Congressional intent to restrict challenges to six years and introduces unprecedented uncertainty.
Under this ruling, new entities can be continually created specifically to challenge established rules undermining critical stability.
Even long-standing rules that businesses, states, and communities have incorporated into their planning may be upended at any point.
Consumers and small businesses rely on clear and consistent rules, and they cannot afford to continually adjust to accommodate constant change.
The Court now opened the flood gates for endless, costly legal challenges.
Our court system will likely be overburdened as companies attack agency regulations.
The Corner Post Reversal Act of 2024 would protect well-developed and scientifically based agency actions from attacks, by giving finality to rules, thereby ensuring that common sense protections for consumers, hardworking Americans, healthcare, food safety, and our environment remain in place after the six-year challenge period.
Stability is important to the American economy.
Consumers and small businesses rely on consistent rules developed by experts to protect them and do not want to keep adjusting to the roller coaster the Court just put them on.
We are introducing this legislation to make