Ms. WEXTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent, Prince William County, Virginia resident, United States Marine Master Gunnery Sergeant (Ret.) and proud World War II and Korean War Veteran Carroll Braxton on the occasion of his 100th Birthday, and to thank him for his years of dedicated service.
MGySgt (Ret.)
Carroll Braxton was born on July 14, 1924 in Manassas, Virginia.
Shortly after President Roosevelt cleared the path for citizens ``regardless of color, race, creed or national origin.''
to enlist, 
Mr. Braxton, along with several of his high school classmates, enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1943.
Completing Boot Camp at the segregated, Monford Point Base in North Carolina, Mr. Braxton earned his Eagle, Globe, and Anchor, stating that ``We were `the chosen few,' and as an experimental group, we had to prove we could make it.
`` After graduating from Boot Camp, he served as a Marine Drill Instructor until his deployment overseas with the Fifth Replacement Depot Company.
Mr. Braxton and his unit island-hopped through the Saipan, Peleliu, and Okinawa campaigns in 1945 where he earned the rank.
In 1946, Carroll left the Active-Duty Marine Corps and joined the Marine Reserves, only to be called back to active duty at Camp Lejeune during the Korean War.
After the war, 
Mr. Braxton returned home to Manassas and married his wife Celestine and welcomed two children Monique and Robert.
Mr. Braxton retired from the United States Marine Corps in 1979, as a Master Gunnery Sergeant after 33 years of distinguished and dedicated military service.
Though retired, 
Mr. Braxton continued his dedication and service to his country working as a procurement analyst at the Cameron Station Army Base in Alexandria.
Living the values of the Marine Corps, 
Mr. Braxton also served his community, serving as a Deacon and Board of Trustees Chair at the First Baptist Church of Manassas, and establishing the local American Legion Post.
In 2012, President Obama awarded 
Mr. Braxton and the Monford Point Marines the Congressional Gold Medal.
In 2020, Prince William County renamed one of its schools, Unity Braxton Middle School, in honor of Celestine and Carroll and their incredible years of service.