Mr. Netanyahu's government, and like many, we believe that he is driving Israel downhill at an alarming speed, to the extent that we may eventually lose the country we love.
To date, 
Mr. Netanyahu has failed to come up with a plan to end the war in Gaza and has been unable to gain the freedom of scores of hostages.
At the very least, an invitation to address Congress should have been contingent upon resolving these two issues and, in addition, calling for new elections in Israel.
Inviting 
Mr. Netanyahu will reward his contempt for U.S. efforts to establish a peace plan, allow more aid to the beleaguered people of Gaza and do a better job of sparing civilians.
Time and again, he has rejected President Biden's plan to remove Hamas from power in Gaza through the establishment of a peacekeeping force.
Such a move would very likely bring in its wake a far broader regional alliance, including a vision to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which is not only in Israel's interest but also in the interest of both political parties in the United States.
Mr. Netanyahu constitutes the main obstacle to these outcomes.
The man who will address Congress next month has failed to assume responsibility for the blunders that allowed the Hamas assault, initially blaming security chiefs (then quickly backtracking), and has yet to announce the establishment of a direly needed state commission of inquiry headed by a Supreme Court judge to look into the fiasco.
Despite the fierce fighting in Gaza and daily casualties on both sides, following Hamas's terrible attacks on Oct. 7, Mr. Netanyahu continues to push forward with the authoritarian remaking of Israel as if nothing has changed.
The Israeli police force, under the command of the far-right-wing security minister, Itamar Ben-Gvir, has cracked down violently on demonstrators.
The appointments of court judges and a Supreme Court president remain on hold Central scientific and cultural institutions continue to endure governmental attempts at political control.
Large sums of money have been channeled recklessly to the ultra-Orthodox, who by and large do not share the economic and security burden of Israel's citizens, especially by remaining exempt from serving in the military.
Tuesday's Supreme Court ruling overturning the exemption is a step forward, although the practical impact is unclear, given that 
Mr. Netanyahu has proposed enshrining the exemption in a law.
Above all, many Israelis are convinced that 
Mr. Netanyahu has obstructed proposed deals with Hamas that would have led to the release of the hostages in order to keep the war going and thus avoid the inevitable political reckoning he will face when it ends.