God Bless Connor, and God Bless our

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DANIEL COHEN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, this past August, it was my

honor to attend the Eagle Scout Court of Honor ceremony for Daniel

Cohen.
The trail to Eagle Scout is marked by milestones and

achievements, each one a testament to Daniel's unwavering

determination.
From those early days as a Cub Scout to rising through

the ranks, to earning merit badges and honing skills, he has

demonstrated a thirst for knowledge and a willingness to embrace

challenges.
Daniel makes giving back to his community a priority and

that is evident through his Eagle Scout Project.
In an effort to help

retire flags in a respectful way, Daniel built a flag retirement box

for his local VFW.
I know Daniel has a bright future ahead of him and I

wish him all the best.
God Bless Daniel Cohen and God Bless the United

States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SCHOOLSFIRST FEDERAL CREDIT UNION ON INTERNATIONAL CREDIT

UNION DAY

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor

SchoolsFirst Federal Credit Union for International Credit Union Day.
SchoolsFirst is a long-time community staple in my district, and I am

delighted to celebrate their growth.
In 1934, a group of 126 Orange County school employees pooled

together $1,200 to found SchoolsFirst, formerly known as the Orange

County Teachers Credit Union.
The first branch was opened in Santa Ana.
SchoolsFirst has since expanded to become the state's largest Credit

Union and the 5th largest in the Nation.
SchoolsFirst serves over 350,000 school employees who live or work in

Orange County and their family members.
They have 22 branches in Orange

County alone and 70 across California.
As a member-owned credit union,

SchoolsFirst has been steadfastly committed to returning excess

earnings to its members.
Nationwide, they have over $25 billion in

assets and over 1 million members.
I am grateful for SchoolsFirst's charitable contributions to the

community.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join me in celebrating

SchoolsFirst Federal Credit Union and their contributions to our Orange

County community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JASON SMEDLEY

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to congratulate

Lieutenant Colonel Jason Smedley, a native of Little Rock and decorated

Marine Corps veteran, who will serve as the commandant of the brand-new

Arkansas Military and First Responders Academy.
His distinguished military service includes multiple deployments,

working within the Pentagon, and a Purple Heart when serving in

Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Back home in Little Rock, Colonel Smedley has continued his service

in the Marine Corps Reserves.
He has also strived to serve within his

community, including time as a volunteer firefighter.
Colonel Smedley has proven his dedication time and time again to the

United States Marine Corps, his home state of Arkansas, and the youth

of our communities.
I thank him for his distinguished service, and I am confident that he

will be an inspiring leader for the lucky students of the Arkansas

Military and First Responders Academy.
Semper Fi Colonel.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JULIA BULLOCK

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor Julia

Bullock, a longtime Searcy resident and the National Guard's 2023 Armed

Forces Military Spouse of the Year.
Julia serves as the Soldier and Family Readiness Group coordinator

for Headquarters Company, 2-153 IN, and as one of the coordinators for

the overall Battalion.
In her role, Julia tirelessly works to help soldiers and their

families access resources within the community that can help them

through major issues, especially home and food insecurity.