Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine ensuring the safety and well-

being of unaccompanied children.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 2685, to make data and

internal guidance on excess personal property publicly

available, S. 2866, to improve the customer experience

of the Federal Government, ensure that Federal services

are simple, seamless, and secure, S. 2150, to establish

an Interagency Council on Service to promote and

strengthen opportunities for military service, national

service, and public service for all people of the

United States, S. 2087, to reauthorize the

Congressional Award Act, S. 2414, to require agencies

with working dog programs to implement the

recommendations of the Government Accountability Office

relating to the health and welfare of working dogs, S.

1258, to require the Director of the Office of

Management and Budget to submit to Congress an annual

report on projects that are over budget and behind

schedule, an original bill entitled, ``Honoring Civil

Servants Killed in the Line of Duty Act'', an original

bill entitled, ``Disaster Management Costs

Modernization Act'', and an original bill entitled,

``Facilitating Hazard Mitigation Projects Act''.
2 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation

To hold hearings to examine the Department of State's

strategy for security in the Black Sea region.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 175, to codify certain

public land orders relating to the revocation of

certain withdrawals of public land in the State of

Alaska, S. 1348, to redesignate land within certain

wilderness study areas in the State of Wyoming, S.

1719, to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of

2003 to establish emergency fireshed management areas,

S. 1764, to improve Federal activities relating to

wildfires, S. 1889, to provide for the recognition of

certain Alaska Native communities and the settlement of

certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims

Settlement Act, S. 2132, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to establish a pilot program for the

establishment and use of a pre-fire-suppression stand

density index, S. 2151, to amend the Southwest Forest

Health and Wildlife Prevention Act of 2004 to require

the establishment of an additional Institute under that

Act, S. 2581, to extend the Secure Rural Schools and

Community Self-Determination Act of 2000, S. 2615, to

amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to

provide that Village Corporations shall not be required

to convey land in trust to the State of Alaska for the

establishment of Municipal Corporations, S. 2855, to

modernize and streamline the permitting process for

broadband infrastructure on Federal land, S. 2867, to

address the forest health crisis on the National Forest

System and public lands, S. 2991, to improve

revegetation and carbon sequestration activities in the

United States, S. 3033, to withdraw certain Federal

land in the Pecos Watershed area of the State of New

Mexico from mineral entry, S. 3036, to require the

Secretary of the Interior to convey to the State of

Utah certain Federal land under the administrative

jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management within

the boundaries of Camp Williams, Utah, an original bill

to provide for the transfer of administrative

jurisdiction over certain Federal land in the State of

California, an original bill to establish a policy

regarding appraisal and valuation services for real

property for a transaction over which the Secretary of

the Interior has jurisdiction, an original bill to

redesignate the Mount Evans Wilderness as the ``Mount

Blue Sky Wilderness'', and H.R. 3324, to extend the

authority to collect Shasta-Trinity Marina fees through

fiscal year 2029.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law

To hold hearings to examine the human rights of foster

children.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine VA accountability and

transparency, focusing on quality care and benefits for

veterans.