Title: AMELIA LISOWE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
171

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

AMELIA LISOWE

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor rising 7th

grade student Amelia Lisowe, a resident of Benton and congratulate her

for being crowned the winner of the Royal International Miss Preteen.
In addition to her crown, she also won several well-deserved awards.
prizes, and cash scholarships.
Since 2018, Amelia has overseen her own nonprofit organization,

Lisowe's Lights, and has raised enough money to donate 20,000

nightlights to foster children in the United States and around the

world.
She is a talented school athlete.
participating in both the school

dance and volleyball teams.
Amelia also dances with Dance Dynamics Company and serves as an iCan

Dance buddy for special needs dancers.
She should serve as a role model for our Nation's youth.
I congratulate her on her crown, her tireless volunteer work.
and her

many accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ASAAD KELADA'S CONTRIBUTIONS TO AMERICAN TELEVISION

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

Asaad Kelada, a director and producer of many of America's favorite

sitcoms over the last 40+ years.
His contribution to American cinema is

worthy of commendation.
Born in Egypt, Asaad began his studies at the American University in

Cairo.
In 1961, he earned a student visa and he came to the United

States where he studied directing at the Yale School of Drama.
After

years of teaching drama and directing stage plays, Asaad got his first

big break in 1976 when, after spending five years working on the set of

the sitcom Rhonda, he was given an opportunity to direct an episode.
Since then, Assad has been entertaining generations of American

families with shows like WKRP in Cincinnati, The Facts of Life, Family

Ties, Who's the Boss, Everybody Loves Raymond, Dharma and Greg, Two and

a Half Men, and The Office.
Immigrants have always enriched and

strengthened the fabric of our nation, and Asaad has said ``I never

tried to minimize who I am.
For me, being an Egyptian was one of the

strongest aspects of what I had.''
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask my colleagues to join me today in

celebrating Assad Kelada for his almost five decades of incredible

work.
As a young man, he quickly dazzled us with his humor and has been

making families laugh together for decades, all while never forgetting

his family and where he came from.
He is exemplary of everything we

highlight when we speak about the American Dream, and I am sure he will

continue to make us laugh for years to come.
I thank Asaad for his

contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BARBARA L. McQUADE'S SERVICE TO HER STATE AND HER NATION

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

Barbara L. McQuade, currently a professor of law at the University of

Michigan Law School.
Her service to her nation and the state of

Michigan is worthy of commendation.
Born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, Barbara earned her bachelor's

degree from the University of Michigan in 1987 and her J.D. from the

University of Michigan Law School in 1991.
She began her career at the

law firm of Butzel Long in Detroit before serving as a clerk for the

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
From 1998 to

2010, Barbara was an assistant U.S. attorney for the Eastern District

of Law from 2003 to 2009.
In 2010, Barbara was appointed by President Obama to be the U.S.

Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, the first woman to serve

in that position and a post she held until 2017.