Their legacy now includes 4

children, 6 grandchildren, and 5 great-grandchildren.
Reverend Banks began his journey with the St. John Missionary Church

of Ypsilanti in 1965.
There he served as Sunday School superintendent,

President of the Usher Board, and Chairman of the Deacon Board.
He

would preach his first sermon in September 1977 and was ordained as

Assistant Pastor in 1978.
Reverend Banks attended classes at the

Detroit Bible College, later the William Tyndale Bible College, where

he graduated in 1984.
Reverend Banks went on to serve at St. Mary Baptist Church in 1983 as

their Assistant Pastor.
Later, he was called to preach at Fellowship of

Believers, which was later named New Testament Missionary Baptist

Church.
His service to the community includes execution of marriage

ceremonies, providing marriage counseling, and providing funeral

services.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask my colleagues to join me today in

recognizing and celebrating the lifetime of work that Reverend Freddie

Banks has been kind enough to share with us.
He has spent his entire

life in the service of others, and though he may be stepping down from

the pulpit, we will be sure to feel his influence for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF LT.
COL.
GEORGE CARRUTHERS

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the life and

legacy of Lieutenant Colonel George Carruthers.
October 22, 2023, marks

Lt.
Col.
Carruthers 100th birthday and the awarding of the prestigious

French Legion of Honor medal--the highest level of recognition awarded

by the French Government for his service to the country during WWII.
Lt.
Col.
Carruthers began his military career by joining the Army Air

Corps at nineteen years old, where he proceeded to be a 2nd Lieutenant

Bombardier during WWII.
During the war, his B-17 was shot down, and he

spent 22 months in the German POW camp Stalag Luft 3, home of the Great

Escape, the largest escape by allied Air Force personnel of the war.
After the war, he went on to have a thirty-plus year career in the

United States Air Force, being awarded numerous medals, including the

Distinguished Flying Cross, several Air Medals, and the Purple Heart in

recognition of his outstanding and selfless service.
We are able to live free today because of the courage of men like Lt.
Col.
Carruthers, who put their lives on hold and answered their

country's call when it needed them most.
Love of family, country, and a

life dedicated to service sum up the character of Lt.
Col.
Carruthers,

a member of the Greatest Generation.
These stories will inspire future

generations of Americans to pursue a life dedicated to causes greater

than themselves.
I hope this testament to Lt.
Col.
Carruthers' life

serves as an acknowledgment of the immeasurable debt of gratitude owed

to him by the American people.
On behalf of Texas' 21st Congressional

District, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

extraordinary life of Lt.
Col.
Carruthers and his dedicated service to

our country.
Today, a grateful Nation thanks him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.