2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 175, to codify certain

public land orders relating to the revocation of

certain withdrawals of public land in the State of

Alaska, S. 1348, to redesignate land within certain

wilderness study areas in the State of Wyoming, S.

1719, to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of

2003 to establish emergency fireshed management areas,

S. 1764, to improve Federal activities relating to

wildfires, S. 1889, to provide for the recognition of

certain Alaska Native communities and the settlement of

certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims

Settlement Act, S. 2132, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to establish a pilot program for the

establishment and use of a pre-fire-suppression stand

density index, S. 2151, to amend the Southwest Forest

Health and Wildlife Prevention Act of 2004 to require

the establishment of an additional Institute under that

Act, S. 2581, to extend the Secure Rural Schools and

Community Self-Determination Act of 2000, S. 2615, to

amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to

provide that Village Corporations shall not be required

to convey land in trust to the State of Alaska for the

establishment of Municipal Corporations, S. 2855, to

modernize and streamline the permitting process for

broadband infrastructure on Federal land, S. 2867, to

address the forest health crisis on the National Forest

System and public lands, S. 2991, to improve

revegetation and carbon sequestration activities in the

United States, S. 3033, to withdraw certain Federal

land in the Pecos Watershed area of the State of New

Mexico from mineral entry, S. 3036, to require the

Secretary of the Interior to convey to the State of

Utah certain Federal land under the administrative

jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management within

the boundaries of Camp Williams, Utah, an original bill

to provide for the transfer of administrative

jurisdiction over certain Federal land in the State of

California, an original bill to establish a policy

regarding appraisal and valuation services for real

property for a transaction over which the Secretary of

the Interior has jurisdiction, an original bill to

redesignate the Mount Evans Wilderness as the ``Mount

Blue Sky Wilderness'', and H.R. 3324, to extend the

authority to collect Shasta-Trinity Marina fees through

fiscal year 2029.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law

To hold hearings to examine the human rights of foster

children.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine VA accountability and

transparency, focusing on quality care and benefits for

veterans.
OCTOBER 26

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine evaluating alternative

materials for single-use plastics.
NOVEMBER 7

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine causes of roadway safety

challenges and possible interventions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SYDNEY MASSEY

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor Sydney

Massey, a recent graduate of eStem High Public Charter School, and a

2023 Presidential Scholar.
The U.S. Presidential Scholars program recognizes our nation's most

distinguished graduating high school seniors.
Sydney is one of only 161 students receiving the award this year,

making it one of the highest honors for recent graduates.
This award serves as a well-deserved recognition of Sydney's many

years of academic excellence.
Her dedication and commitment should

serve as an example for our nation's youth.
In addition to receiving this award, she has also been recognized for

scoring a perfect 36 on the ACT.
I congratulate Sydney on being named a Presidential Scholar and her

many academic achievements, and I wish her the best in what is sure to

be a bright future.