Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jacob J.

Lew, of New York, to be Ambassador to the State of

Israel, Department of State, and other pending

nominations.
S-116

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Monica M.

Bertagnolli, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the

National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and

Human Services, Charlotte A. Burrows, of the District

of Columbia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment

Opportunity Commission, Erika L. McEntarfer, of the

District of Columbia, to be Commissioner of Labor

Statistics, Department of Labor, Amanda Wood Laihow, of

Maine, to be a Member of Occupational Safety and Health

Review Commission, and other pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine ensuring the safety and well-

being of unaccompanied children.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 2685, to make data and

internal guidance on excess personal property publicly

available, S. 2866, to improve the customer experience

of the Federal Government, ensure that Federal services

are simple, seamless, and secure, S. 2150, to establish

an Interagency Council on Service to promote and

strengthen opportunities for military service, national

service, and public service for all people of the

United States, S. 2087, to reauthorize the

Congressional Award Act, S. 2414, to require agencies

with working dog programs to implement the

recommendations of the Government Accountability Office

relating to the health and welfare of working dogs, S.

1258, to require the Director of the Office of

Management and Budget to submit to Congress an annual

report on projects that are over budget and behind

schedule, an original bill entitled, ``Honoring Civil

Servants Killed in the Line of Duty Act'', an original

bill entitled, ``Disaster Management Costs

Modernization Act'', and an original bill entitled,

``Facilitating Hazard Mitigation Projects Act''.
2 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation

To hold hearings to examine the Department of State's

strategy for security in the Black Sea region.