From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 19, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Communications, Media, and Broadband

To hold hearings to examine protecting Americans from

robocalls.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine instability in the Sahel and

West Africa, focusing on implications for U.S. policy.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Harry

Coker, Jr., of Kansas, to be National Cyber Director,

Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial

Officer, Department of Homeland Security, and Suzanne

Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel

of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine competition and consumer

rights in housing markets.
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics

Control

To hold hearings to examine the precursor pipeline,

focusing on techniques that drug cartels use to procure

and finance precursor chemicals that are used to

manufacture illicit synthetic drugs, and actions the

Federal government can take to address this issue.
OCTOBER 25

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine how climate change threatens

supply chains.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine paid leave, focusing on

policy, practice, and impact on the workforce.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jacob J.

Lew, of New York, to be Ambassador to the State of

Israel, Department of State, and other pending

nominations.
S-116

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Monica M.

Bertagnolli, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the

National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and

Human Services, Charlotte A. Burrows, of the District

of Columbia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment

Opportunity Commission, Erika L. McEntarfer, of the

District of Columbia, to be Commissioner of Labor

Statistics, Department of Labor, Amanda Wood Laihow, of

Maine, to be a Member of Occupational Safety and Health

Review Commission, and other pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine ensuring the safety and well-

being of unaccompanied children.