She began her career at the

law firm of Butzel Long in Detroit before serving as a clerk for the

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
From 1998 to

2010, Barbara was an assistant U.S. attorney for the Eastern District

of Law from 2003 to 2009.
In 2010, Barbara was appointed by President Obama to be the U.S.

Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, the first woman to serve

in that position and a post she held until 2017.
During her tenure, she

oversaw cases involving public corruption, terrorism, corporate fraud,

and healthcare fraud, among others.
A brilliant legal mind, Barbara has

been quoted in the New York Times, Politico, Newsweek, and Time

Magazine as well as serving as a legal analyst for NBC News and MSNBC.
Back here in Michigan, Barbara has been a recipient of the Neal Shine

Award for Exemplary Regional Leadership as well as The Detroit News

Michiganian of the Year Award.
Since 2017, she has served as the Law

Professor from Practice at the University of Michigan Law School.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask my colleagues to join me today in

celebrating Barbara L. McQuade's service to our nation and to our great

state of Michigan.
No matter what position she has held, she has always

been a bulwark against those who would prey on the weak from positions

of power.
Barbara is an incredible role model for public servants

everywhere, and the future of our country is brighter with her teaching

our children.
I thank Barbara for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SENIORS FROM RIVERVIEW HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to congratulate 21

rising and graduated seniors from Riverview High School in Searcy.
Each of these gifted students have taken and passed a dual-credit

history course from their high school in partnership with Arkansas

State University-Beebe.
With this complete, they will already be ahead in their college

education and be set for success wherever they may go.
I was delighted to welcome these talented students to our Nation's

Capital just a few weeks ago and show them the history of the United

States firsthand.
To make the trip, these young men and women tirelessly raised the

funds themselves by working concession stands and hosting car washes.
Their hard work inside and outside of the classroom will ensure that

they achieve excellence in their future endeavors.
It's wonderful to see the hard work of our students and I wish them

continued success in their future education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONNOR HARVEY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, this month, I had the

opportunity to attend Connor Harvey's Eagle Scout Court of Honor.
Connor has been scouting for ten years, beginning as a cub scout, and

then crossing over as a boy scout in 2017, quickly rising through the

ranks.
He has earned over thirty merit badges and has held several

leadership positions in the troop including Historian, Patrol Leader,

and Quartermaster.
For Connor's

Eagle Scout project, he made enhancements to Veterans Memorial Park in

Egg Harbor Township.
The project involved the installation of

additional pavers to expand the standing room for ceremonies conducted

at the park.
He is a junior at Atlantic County Institute of Technology

specializing in the Computer-Aided Design and Drafting program and is a

member of the school's rowing team.
Connor should be proud of his

accomplishments with the Boy Scouts, and it was a pleasure to attend

his Eagle Scout Court of Honor.
God Bless Connor, and God Bless our

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DANIEL COHEN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.