Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Jan Setnor, MSN, CRNA, Col. (Ret), USAFR, NC.
Ms. Setnor will soon complete her year as national president of the American Association of Nurse Anesthesiology (AANA).
I am proud that 
Ms. Setnor was elected as the 2024 to 2025 president of this prestigious healthcare organization.
Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice registered nurses who administer more than 50 million anesthetics to patients each year.
They work in every setting in which anesthesia is delivered including hospital surgical suites, obstetrical delivery rooms, ambulatory surgical centers, and the offices of dentists, podiatrists, and specialty surgeons.
They also provide acute and chronic pain management services to patients in need of such care.
CRNAs provide anesthesia for all types of surgical cases and are the sole anesthesia providers in many rural hospitals.
CRNAs have full practice authority in the Army, Navy, and Air Force and are the predominant provider of anesthesia on forward surgical teams and in combat support hospitals.
As an AANA member since 1996, 
Ms. Setnor has contributed greatly to the healthcare community nationwide.
She has held numerous state and national nurse anesthesiology leadership positions, including previous service on the AANA Board of Directors as President-Elect, VicePresident and, Director (as well as two terms as president of the Virginia Association of Nurse Anesthetists (VANA)).
Her extensive involvement with the AANA includes roles as the Association of Veterans Affairs Nurse Anesthetists AANA Liaison, Professional Development Chair, and participation in various committees, including Political Action and Communications.
She served in the United States Air Force Reserve, retiring with 26 years of honorable service.
Setnor's roles included Flight Nurse Instructor/Evaluator, CRNA, and senior staff member for the Air Force Surgeon General.
Notably, she served in Afghanistan as both the Anesthesia Team Lead in the largest in-country medical facility and as the sole anesthesia provider at a Special Forces Forward Operating Base.
In addition to her work with the AANA and VANA, Setnor has contributed to the Accreditation Association of Ambulatory Health Care as a member of the Governance Unit-Standards Development Committee and served as the CRNA Advisor to the Virginia Board of Nursing's Committee