The Education Secretary talks about wanting to improve outcomes for white working-class boys, yet disadvantaged children in Wales are being failed by the very model that she wants to introduce here in England.
Is it not the case that the best thing she can do for white working-class pupils is to stop her school reforms?
I do not know how the right hon.
Lady has the brass neck.
For 14 years, we saw groups in our—[Interruption.]
Order.
I have got to get all these people in during topicals.
Having a private conversation as the Secretary of State tries to answer the question does not help.
The Conservatives had 14 years.
We take this issue seriously, because we know that far too many children in our country from white working-class  communities do not get the outcomes they deserve.
A little humility on the Conservatives’ part would go a long way.
What we did for 14 years was improve school standards.
Not content with destroying standards, this afternoon the Secretary of State will, according to media reports, introduce a new lower-level qualification targeted at white working-class pupils.
That is simply watering down standards for some of our most deprived children.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that under this Government, the soft bigotry of low expectations is back?
It is absolutely nothing of the sort.
What we inherited was a systematic failure of white working-class kids and children with special educational needs and disabilities in our country.
I read the right hon.
Lady’s conference speech with great care, and I looked out in that speech for any mention of children with SEND, of children with additional needs or, indeed, of some of the groups she has been talking about this afternoon.
She had nothing to say on the topic.
It is the usual confected outrage that has become the right hon.
Lady’s hallmark.
I was delighted to welcome the Education Secretary to St Mary’s Catholic primary school in Derby, the greenest school in the country, where every classroom looks out on to green spaces.
We are also lucky to have the stunning River Derwent flowing through our city, which children can paddle, walk and row along.
What assessments have been made of the benefits to children of having access to nature as part of their education?
That sounds idyllic, and I hope I can follow the Secretary of State on a visit to that beautiful school.
Improving connection to nature helps to address key priorities in the opportunity mission, and we are supporting the University of Oxford’s assessment of the impact of nature-based programmes in secondary schools.