I do agree with my hon.
Friend, and I congratulate St Anthony’s and Oak Lodge, as well as my hon.
Friend for being a tireless champion for his constituents.
This Government have delivered 5,000 places at new school-based nurseries this year alone, with 7,000 more to come next September.
I encourage Members across the House to get their local schools to apply for a phase 2 grant.
As the Minister has said, nurseries are an important part of the childcare picture.
Last month, I visited Mousehold infant and nursery school, which—thanks to the funding it has received from this Government—has been able to double the number of places it offers to families in Norwich North.
The team there told me how this will make a real difference, as did families.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the fantastic team at Mousehold, and expand a bit further on the steps being taken to ensure that more provision like this is accessible to families in my constituency and beyond?
Absolutely—I thank the brilliant team at Mousehold, who are so dedicated to giving every child the help and support they need.
This Government want every child to have the best start in life, which is  why we have expanded childcare entitlements, are supporting schools to open new nurseries, and—after the Conservative party dismantled them—are bringing back family hubs in every community in our country.
My constituent Seb told me how pleased he was when the Government extended the role of free childcare, but his nursery changed the rules so that the free hours can be taken only after 1 o’clock and have to be spread over four days a week.
That means that the previously paid-for care is not now free, but costing £500 more than before.
We know that this is happening across the country as nurseries struggle with the jobs tax and other excessive costs, so what are the Government going to do to help those families get what they are entitled to?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to write to me with the details of that case, because we are absolutely clear that in this rapid expansion of childcare—which half a million children have been able to access this September—those 30 hours should be available, and it should not be the case that extras are charged or anything else.
I am happy to look at the specifics of the case.