The Arts and Humanities Research Council receives £70 million in public money to fund postgraduate research.
What mechanism and powers does the Secretary of State have  to check that such substantial funds are not squandered on politically tendentious projects, such as those exposed by Laurence Sleator on page 27 of The Times on Saturday?
Will she perhaps take a look at the article and write to me?
I am sure that we would be happy to look at the article, but the last thing that people outside this building want is politicians deciding what research should be done, in the same way as we do not want judges being appointed by politicians in this House either.
Last week I visited Oak academy’s new building—a net zero, solar-powered, inspiring environment for young people.
I would love young people across my constituency, and across the rest of the country, to have the opportunity to learn in such environments, so can the Secretary of State tell me what her Department is doing to improve the environmental performance of our schools?
My hon.
Friend has been a very effective champion for Bournemouth on these matters.
St Joseph’s school in her constituency is benefiting already from solar and other measures, thanks to the partnership with Great British Energy.
It is projected to save the school £8,000 a year, which could be spent on extra support for pupils and teachers.
Over 50% of parents of children who have special educational needs have admitted to neglecting their own health because they are too busy prioritising the health of their children.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that parents’ health and mental wellbeing are being prioritised in this very adversarial process?
I, too, have heard from too many parents who have had to give up their jobs or fall behind on their health, as the hon.
Member has set out, because they are having to fight in a very adversarial system.
We are determined to reform the system so that support is available at the earliest opportunity for young people, so that parents can collaborate with schools and are supported, and we are rebuilding the support around families.
Last month, I held a SEND community consultation in south-east Reading in my constituency, attended by over 60 parents, children and local experts.
We all agreed that the current system is broken, and one of the young people, Megan, spoke about the feeling of being let down by the system and constantly fighting a never-ending battle.
Does the Minister agree that too many children are in Megan’s position, and will she set out how the upcoming SEND White Paper will improve the lives of those children?
I read with interest my hon.
Friend’s report of that constituency conversation, which contained many creative ideas, and we are determined to work with young people and parents to get these reforms right.
Following the tragic murder of her daughter Brianna, Esther Ghey has dedicated herself to making our schools safer.
I have just come from an event that she is hosting  in Parliament, at which she is calling for a statutory ban on smartphones in classrooms.
Will the Minister for Children and Families,  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , make time to attend today’s event and make it clear whether he supports a statutory phone-free education for all children?
I am absolutely happy to pop into the event this afternoon, and I applaud Esther Ghey for her fantastic campaigning work.
The Government are completely clear that mobile phones should not be used in school, and the Government guidance says as much.
Colleges are the backbone of working-class communities such as mine in Clackmannanshire, but the funding model for colleges in Scotland is fundamentally broken because of SNP cuts.
Will the Secretary of State write to her counterpart in the Scottish Government and highlight the importance of Alloa campus to the people of Clackmannanshire and the wider Forth valley, and stress that all Scottish colleges need to receive proper funding?
I am very grateful for that question.
Here in England, we are investing more in brilliant further education colleges.
It is such a shame that in Scotland the SNP Government are cutting that support.
I have heard directly from my Scottish Labour counterpart, Pam Duncan-Glancy, about the devastating impact that is having on young people across Scotland.
Schools on the Isle of Wight have some of the most serious challenges to levels of attainment.
The Isle of Wight council is a small unitary authority with unique challenges in an area disconnected from the UK mainland.
What will the Government do to better support education on the Isle of Wight, rather than resort to top-down education views that do not cater for the unique pressures faced by my constituents and our children?
We are determined to have high standards for children in every part of the country.
I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Member about his specific concerns for that community.
Mainstream schools in my constituency are taking steps to provide their own inclusive, in-house SEND provision.
Penair secondary school has been creating a forest school on its land, and some of my heads have expressed their desire to create area resource base units in their schools.
Does the Minister agree that such types of mainstream, inclusive provision could provide a way forward, and will she come down to Cornwall, maybe when she meets us, to see it?
I have seen amazing examples of how this kind of provision can bring children back into mainstream classrooms and cause them to start to enjoy school and achieve again.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend and visit the school that has been set up.
I have visited many schools in North Devon, and many are facing the dilemma of whether to fund essential maintenance or  to lay off teaching assistants.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that adequate funding reaches rural schools so that they do not have to cut teaching staff in order to balance the books?
I am happy to correspond with the hon.
Member about the situation facing that school.
In relation to school buildings, a number of schemes are available to provide support.
In Blackpool, too many young people needing SEND placements have been sent outside the borough, often an hour away.
There is a proposal on the table for two new SEND schools in Blackpool with 120 places, but it seems to be in limbo.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss this and how we can get adequate support for our great young people?
This Government want every child able to be educated in their community, not having to travel long distances.
That is why we have set out the £740 million investment in specialist places.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the circumstances.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission has said that the Secretary of State needs to speed up publication of the guidance on single-sex spaces used by trans people in schools, so can the Secretary of State confirm that the guidance will be published before the conclusion of Labour’s deputy leadership contest, or will she continue to forsake female-only spaces for her own political ambitions?
I will happily answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question directly, but he is a little confused about the question he is asking.
The code of practice from the EHRC is about adults; it is not about schools.
On the particular question of the code of practice from the EHRC, we received it at the start of September.
It is a 300-page-plus document.
We are considering it carefully.
I required further material from the EHRC, which was provided only last week.
It is utterly baseless to suggest that there is any going slow on what is a sensitive and  important area that we must get right.
As someone who used to run a women’s refuge, I know how important single-sex spaces are.
I also know it is important that trans people continue to receive protection under the Equality Act 2010, free from prejudice, harassment and discrimination.
Under the previous Government, British parents had the highest childcare costs in Europe.
Will the Minister please set out how the expansion of early years education is reducing the cost of living for hard-working British parents?
Happily.
The average family will save £7,500 per child per year under this Government’s record expansion of childcare.
A serious fire at St Martin’s school in my constituency has left most of its secondary children without face-to-face education for nearly four weeks now.
Will the Minister meet me to determine how we can ensure that the buildings are brought back into use as quickly as possible, and how the children can be brought back up to speed, so that they are not disadvantaged?
I would be very happy to have a discussion with the hon.
Lady about the arrangements, to ensure that we can get students back into proper classrooms as soon as possible.
A new school has been in the offing in Bidwell West for almost a decade now.
The independent council promised me that places would be available from September 2027, but now appears to be backtracking.
Is the Minister willing to meet me to discuss the obvious concerns of parents, many of whom moved into the new build estate because of the promise of a brand-new school?
I would be very happy to find out more about the situation my hon.
Friend describes, and to offer any help or support that we can.
Before we come on to the urgent question on the Chinese spy case, I would like to reiterate my remarks from last week.
I remain disappointed by what has happened in this case.
I am, alongside the Lord Speaker, continuing to seek advice from officials and specialist legal advice on what further steps might be taken to pursue this issue in other ways.
While it would be not appropriate to talk in detail about security matters on the Floor of the House, I am also speaking to officials about access arrangements.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement about Home Office involvement in the alleged China spying case.