I know how passionate my hon.
Friend is about securing better life chances and more opportunities for children across her constituency, and I would be more than happy to meet her to discuss that, whether it is through the expanded work that we are delivering in our schools to raise standards, opportunities for young people to get into vocational or technical education, or further measures in the White Paper that I will be setting out later this afternoon.
The construction skills hub in Staveley in my constituency is a great example of the value of apprenticeships, and this year 68 young people came straight out of school and started a new construction apprenticeship.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the only way we will be able to achieve the Government’s ambitious construction plans is by getting more people to take on a construction career?
In welcoming the announcements that she is making, can she say what more she will do to ensure we get more young people into our construction industry?
My hon.
Friend is right, and I know he has championed this cause for many years to ensure there are strong vocational and technical routes, including into areas such as construction.
Around 5,000 more construction apprenticeship places will be made available each year, thanks to our £140 million investment, but that investment comes with reform, such as new foundation apprenticeships to equip young people with the skills they need, and construction technical excellence colleges in every region, working together with business, to ensure that we are training the plasterers, the electricians and the bricklayers of the future.
Those are fantastic careers with great prospects, and we must ensure that they are available to more young people, including in my hon.
Friend’s community.
In my constituency of Amber Valley the David Nieper academy teaches employability skills in conjunction with local industry, and it has had zero NEETs—those not in education, employment or training—at age 18 for the past two academic years.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating its students and its staff, and will she commit to visiting, to see how by bringing the workplace into the classroom it celebrates both the academic and the vocational?
That is fantastic to hear, not least given the challenges that we still see with quite high levels across our country of young people who are not  in employment, education or training.
I and the Work and Pensions Secretary are determined to take action on that, and I would be more than happy to do my best to honour my hon.
Friend’s request.
After the creative reimagining of the Government’s target for hiring more teachers, it would be helpful to have some precision on the record for the target of two thirds of young people in higher learning.
We know that higher learning means level 4 or above, but what exactly is a gold-standard apprenticeship?
Does it mean one in growth sectors with very high levels of completion?
Yes, that is one area.
We are refocusing our target to ensure that there are strong technical and vocational routes for our young people, as well as the opportunity to go to university.
Going to university remains a strong option for many young people who want that chance—I know Conservative Members have always been keen to do down our fantastic universities—but the big gap that we have as a country is around level 4 and level 5, especially in technical and vocational education.
The right hon.
Gentleman spent a long time in the Department for Education looking at that issue; this Government will tackle it.
Bath college offers more than 1,000 courses up to degree level and is home to 10,000 learners.
Its alumni include gold medal winner Jason Gardener and drum and bass producer Danny Byrd.
I heard the Secretary of State speaking this morning about the vital importance of vocational training.
What can the Government do to support Bath college to expand its programmes and training courses?
Through the spending review, from next year we are investing £800 million in 16-to-19 funding.
That funding will run alongside the many commitments in the White Paper that I will set out, around more foundation apprenticeships, new V-levels and better routes into technical and vocational opportunities for our young people, working closely with businesses in key areas such as defence, construction and engineering—but there is more to come.
Too many young people are being saddled with huge debts from universities with little to show by way of career prospects.
There is a clear case for the Government to slash poor-value degrees and redirect the savings to the apprenticeship budget, doubling it to, say, £6 billion a year.
Will the Secretary of State explain why she is allowing low-quality university courses to continue unchecked, while taxpayers write off billions of pounds every year in unpaid student loans?
In my statement later today on the White Paper I will be setting out the action that we will be taking to ensure that the regulator, the Office for Students, has the power to ensure high-quality courses and good outcomes for young people going to university.
The policy that the hon.
Gentleman has just outlined was in the Conservative manifesto, which was roundly rejected by the British people and ridiculed for being financially illiterate, because the funding system simply does not work in that way.
The message that I want to  come across loud and clear from this Dispatch Box is that if young people have got what it takes and they have the qualifications to go to university, that is a good route for them.
[Interruption.]
They should not have their prospects and opportunities dismissed in such a casual and snobbish way by the Conservative party.
Secretary of State, I do not cough for my benefit—it is to help you rather than me having to get up.
I call the shadow Minister.
On higher-level learning, universities have spent at least £2.5 million since the attacks of  7 October  on additional security for anti-Israel protests and the clean-up operations that follow, yet many of the disciplinary cases against those disrupting study have been dropped.
Will the Secretary of State confirm how many students have been expelled or disciplined for causing criminal damage, inciting violence and chanting antisemitic abuse?
Let me be absolutely clear: there is no place on our university campuses, in our schools or anywhere in our society for antisemitism, and I send that message loud and clear.
That is the message that I have extended to university vice-chancellors, who should be in no doubt that we expect to see action on campus on this very serious issue.
That is why we are putting more funding into training and support, including in our universities where we expect to see action, because there can be no excuse for Jewish students feeling unsafe on campus.
Freedom of speech does not mean people have a right to harass or intimidate Jewish students, and university vice-chancellors should be in no doubt that they have a responsibility to act to safeguard the wellbeing of all students.
What plans she has for the free school application decisions that were paused in October 2024.
The Government’s spending watchdog reported in 2017 that planned free schools would add an estimated 57,500 more spare school places.
We are taking a common-sense approach, so that we can prove value for money from every pound of taxpayer money spent.
Residents in Wynyard, in my Hartlepool constituency, have waited for far too long, thanks primarily to the mess left by the Conservative party, for their new primary school, St Joseph’s, which has been caught up in this review.
Understandably, parents are frustrated by the continued delays, so will the Minister commit to using every possible lever at his disposal to expedite the decision, so that Wynyard families can finally have access to the high-quality school provision that they have been promised for so long?
My hon.
Friend has been a vocal champion for St Joseph’s Catholic primary school since he entered this place last year.
I want every child in the country to go to school in an appropriate building.
His community wants certainty, and that is what we want too.
An update will be provided later this year, and I would be happy to speak to him before that time.