We Liberal Democrats warmly welcomed the Government’s decision earlier this year to finally adopt our long-standing policy of extending free school meals to all children in households in receipt of universal credit.
At the time, Ministers repeatedly refused to confirm how they were funding this extension; research from Northumbria University now shows that, on average, every primary will have to find £11,000 and every secondary about £25,000 to do so, at a time when they are already cutting teaching assistants and extracurricular activities to balance the books.
Given that the Secretary of State has made this policy and the rolling out of school breakfast clubs the centrepiece of her bid for deputy leadership of the Labour party, will she confirm when she is actually going to fund them?
I am grateful to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for drawing attention to the fantastic Labour policies that this Government are rolling out.
We are expanding free school meals to half a million more children, backed up with an extra £1 billion of funding through the spending review.
That is the difference that a Labour Government are making.
I am delighted that we now have 750 new free breakfast clubs, and that from April next year another 2,000 will open, reaching half a million more children, lifting children out of poverty and backing families.
That is the difference a Labour Government make.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the special educational needs and disabilities system in Cheadle.
As part of our plan for change, we are determined to improve the SEND system across the country so that every child has access to the best opportunities.
We are committed to improving inclusivity and expertise in mainstream schools through the earlier identification of needs, as well as to ensuring that special schools cater to those with the most complex needs.
Paul and Ellie are children with special educational needs in a primary school in Bramhall.
Their parents, like many across Cheadle, have reached out to me for help.
Their SEND provision has been suddenly taken away.
Paul and Ellie’s parents are now considering withdrawing them from mainstream schooling.
Parentkind research shows that more than one in three parents of children with special educational needs say that their needs are not being sufficiently met.
Paul and Ellie’s parents deserve much more certainty and clarity, so can the Minister confirm when they will bring forward the schools White Paper and, with it, the crucial information on the SEND reforms for anxious parents?
I have heard so many stories like Paul and Ellie’s, and I am so sorry about the experiences they have had.
That is why it is so important that we are already taking action to invest in mainstream inclusion, to improve teacher training and to support early identification, and it is why we are investing £740 million to support schools to provide more specialist places.
We are already taking that action, and we are working very closely with parents around the country, like Paul and Ellie’s, to bring forward a wider set of reforms.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities in mainstream schools.
By prioritising early intervention, training and inclusive support in mainstream schools, we are expanding the capacity to deliver timely, consistent and high-quality SEND provision.
This will improve support for children and families.
We are engaging with children, parents and experts about the challenges in the system and how we can work together to make sure that every child has the right support when they need it.