Esther Ghey, the mother of Brianna Ghey, is in Parliament today, campaigning to keep phones out of the classroom.
Given that young people themselves are saying that they want a “break from the stress” of social media at school, and given the impact of phones on children’s concentration and focus, will the Secretary of State finally listen to her own Children’s Minister and put the Government’s guidance on mobile phones in schools into law, to give teachers and headteachers the back-up and, crucially, the resources that they need in order to restrict their use?
I too have met Esther Ghey, and heard from her about the incredible work that she has been leading in the face of profound personal tragedy following the loss of her daughter.
I pay tribute to her for her campaigning efforts.
Phones should not be out in schools—it is as simple as that.
Schools have the powers, and headteachers have the powers, to enforce restrictions on their use, and in doing so they have my full backing.
We can have no distractions when it comes to mobile phone use in our schools.
Five primary schools in Sandwell now have free breakfast clubs, including St Mary Magdalene, which I visited earlier this year, and I was delighted to hear the Secretary of State announce that 2,000 more primary schools would benefit next year.
Can the Minister say more about how the free breakfast clubs in primary schools that Labour has introduced are helping children and families across our country?
Breakfast clubs give children a great start to the day.
They drive improvements in behaviour, attendance and attainment, and they can save families up to £450 a year.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and the schools in her constituency on their efforts, and I look forward to more and more children benefiting as we continue our roll-out.
I  acknowledge that the Government have inherited local government finance and SEND requirements in what is probably their worst crisis in history.
However, Cornwall has faced one of the steepest—indeed, the steepest—demands for education, health and care plans in recent years, and one of the greatest SEND needs, as well as one of the lowest levels of high-needs funding.
Would the Schools Minister be prepared to meet me, along with fellow MPs from Cornwall and representatives of the local education department, in order to avoid further crises?
The Government have put £1 billion into the high-needs block to support children with special educational needs, but I want to hear from Members from around the country about their ideas for reforms, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member and colleagues.
Let me first declare that I chair the all-party parliamentary group for schools, learning and assessment and the APPG on social mobility.
Businesses, schools and young people in Bracknell Forest all tell me that essential skills such as financial, digital and media literacy, creative problem-solving, communication and collaboration are more important than ever, but are not formally recognised or measured.
How can we help young people to succeed by developing and recognising those essential skills?
I look forward to working with the APPG.
We agree that we need to equip young people with key knowledge and skills to adapt to a rapidly changing world, and the curriculum and assessment review will say more about the wider curriculum.
According to a survey carried out by campaigners from the adoption and special guardianship support fund, just 40% of respondents believed that the previous £5,000 fair access limit was sufficient to meet their children’s needs.
Following its reduction to £3,000, 71% reported a reduction in the number of therapy sessions.
What will the Minister do, as a matter of urgency, to address the detrimental impacts of the changes to the ASGSF?