The Secretary of State was telling me just this morning what a wonderful visit she had to Golborne All Saints Catholic primary and pre-school, and about the amazing practice there.
I read with interest the report from my hon.
Friend’s constituents at her recent SEND roundtable.
The review is looking closely at what affects children’s learning in mainstream schools, including those with SEND, ADHD and those without a formal diagnosis, making sure that every pupil can access a broad and balanced curriculum.
Elstree village school in my constituency is an excellent example of a small and nurturing school that specialises in supporting children with special educational needs.
Sadly, we have recently been informed that Hertfordshire county council is considering closing the school.
Will the Minister join me in sending a clear message to Herts county council that they should reconsider that decision and prioritise the needs of children with special educational needs in mainstream schools?
I have been very clear that we want to invest in early intervention and nurturing provision for children with special educational needs.
If the right hon.
Member would send me more details of the case, I would be happy to look into it.
I recently held two events, with professionals and with families, on the subject of SEND in my Carlisle constituency.
Their concerns are very much backed up by figures that show that Cumberland is spending less per pupil on those with education, health and care plans, and that there are fewer specialist education places in and around Carlisle and north Cumbria than the rest of the country.
Can the Minister tell me how I can work with the Department for Education to increase the number of specialist education places in my constituency?
One of the best parts of my new role has been getting letters from people across the House who have had conversations with their communities.
They bring stories of challenges but also of some of the great practice that is happening around the country.
I read my hon.
Friend’s letter about those challenges with interest, and I am committed to working alongside her.
As I set out, we have invested £740 million to increase the number of specialist places around the country.
I look forward to a conversation about how that can benefit her constituency.
The previous Schools Minister,  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North (Catherine McKinnell) , was so excited to hear from me about Manor Mead special school in my constituency that she undertook to visit it.
Sadly, she had to cancel that visit and has now clearly moved on to other things, so would the new Schools Minister like to visit Manor Mead special school and see the fantastic work being done there?
I am proud to follow on from the previous Schools Minister, and would be delighted to visit that school with the hon.
Member.
On Friday, I attended a meeting in Cornwall of the National Association of Head Teachers.
We discussed the adversarial nature of the SEND system for all stakeholders.
As we develop a system that focuses on inclusion, does the Minister agree that a key indicator of its success must be that it drives out the combative environment that was allowed to flourish under 14 years of Conservative failure?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I have spoken to too many parents who have had to fight so hard just to get the support that their children need.
The support should be available when children need it, which is why we are so determined to invest in early intervention and to back parents to get the support they need.
The number of EHCPs being maintained by Hampshire county council is rising exponentially, but the funding is simply not keeping pace with the demand and the cost.
Surprisingly, the proportion of pupils receiving SEND support in mainstream schools is going down, which demonstrates to me that teachers simply do not feel sufficiently supported to support those children.
The last Government introduced the Oliver McGowan mandatory training in neurodivergence for all health and care professionals.
I met the Minister’s predecessor to discuss introducing a similar programme for education professionals.
Would the Minister look again at how that programme could support teachers who are struggling in some of the most difficult educational circumstances?
The Government have invested an extra £1 billion into the high-needs block, and we have changed the teacher training package to ensure that it includes material on supporting children with special educational needs.
The PINS programme—partnerships for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools—is working across the NHS and education to provide more training  for teachers on neurodiversity.
We are absolutely aware that teacher training is a huge issue and will continue to listen to ideas from both sides of the House.
As I have made clear in this Chamber on numerous occasions, in my part of the world there are sadly far too few specialist school places for children with SEND.
Headteachers across Weymouth and Portland have made clear to me that only with a new special school will we be able to deal with this problem.
Given the urgent need, will the Minister work with me behind the scenes, by hook or by crook, to open a new SEND school at the Osprey Quay site in Portland in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend has already reached out to me several times to advocate for his constituents and the importance of specialist places.
I very much look forward to working with him to increase provision in his constituency.
On Friday, I met primary schools in my constituency that are accommodating in their classrooms children who they are not set up for.
One school had to convert its library for two children for whom the main classroom setting is overwhelming, and a second had to do the same for its IT department.
What reassurance can the Minister give those teachers and schools that they will get the funding and resources they need to accommodate children with additional needs?
I have visited bespoke resource centres.
I was recently in a resource centre in Southwark that provides that kind of brilliant provision.
The £740 million we have set out is exactly to provide more specialist places that allow children to get the right support they need, often within mainstream schools and within their local communities.