As I have repeatedly set out to the House, the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and the wider Government are extremely disappointed that this case will not be heard in court.
I have heard the strength of feeling right across the House
and I share Members’ concern about the threats we face from espionage.
The witness statements released last Wednesday vindicate what the Prime Minister and other members of the Government have stated repeatedly: the deputy National Security Adviser faithfully, and with full integrity, set out the various threats posed by the Chinese state to the UK, and he did so in order to try to support a successful prosecution.
This urgent question asks about the involvement of the Home Office.
Following the charging decision made in early 2024, under the previous Government, the Crown Prosecution Service advised the witness that he could not share the evidence with others in government.
The Home Office’s involvement following the charging decision that was taken under the previous Government was therefore heavily restricted to avoid breaching the CPS’s requirements.
Listen to that.
Order.
I do not need any help from the Government Front Bench.
This is a very important statement that really does affect Members of this House.
As I have repeatedly made clear in this House, Ministers and special advisers were not involved in any aspect of the production of the evidence, and I stand by that statement today.
The Prime Minister has also made clear that he was informed of the CPS’s decision only a matter of days before the case collapsed.
There is nothing that the Prime Minister or any other Minister could have done at that point that would have changed the law and the policy under the previous Government between 2021 and 2023.
Those who have read the DNSA’s statements will know that they clearly articulated the threats posed by China based on the  previous Government’s policy at the time, detailing the damage caused by the alleged offences.
Ultimately, it was an entirely independent decision by the CPS to discontinue the case, and the CPS has confirmed that it came under no outside pressure to do so.
Like Members from all parts of the House, I remain very frustrated that this case will not be heard in court.
We wanted to see the trial go ahead.
I have made it clear on many occasions that the decision not to proceed was an independent decision by the Crown Prosecution Service, and the Director of Public Prosecutions has given assurances that there was no Government interference in that decision.
I note that the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy will be undertaking an inquiry on the case and intends to hold public evidence sessions.
The Intelligence and Security Committee has also indicated that it will investigate.
We welcome the launch of the inquiry and the investigations, with which the Government will, of course, fully co-operate.
I have already set out the range of activity that this Government are taking to combat the Chinese espionage threat, and I hope that that is well understood.
Let me also provide the House with the reassurance that the Government will take all necessary action to keep the UK safe and secure.