What a mess.
We have three questions for the Minister.
First, what conversations has he had with all relevant parliamentary authorities—that might include the Speaker’s Office—about plans to tighten vetting or ongoing monitoring of researchers and staff to ensure this does not happen again?
Secondly, in the witness statements released by this Government, there is a reference to the use by the previous Government of “back channels” to attempt to dissuade  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  and  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  from raising concerns about Confucius institutes.
What is the Minister’s understanding, based on the evidence, statements and any other information available, of the meaning of “back channels” in that context?
Does it refer to the previous Government’s Whips Office, Government officials or somebody else?
Thirdly, given that the Prime Minister’s spokesperson still refuses today to say that China is a threat to Britain’s national security, would the Minister be comfortable with Labour MPs accepting meeting requests from representatives of the Chinese Communist party or any nations allied to China?
I am genuinely grateful to the hon.
Member for the points he has raised.
Let me take them in turn.
I lead on behalf of the Government on vetting, and a lot of work has taken place in government since we came into office to ensure that the systems and processes that underpin our vetting are fit for purpose.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask about it.
Although it might seem like a reasonably niche point, it is an important one because our national security is underpinned by our ability to vet those who have access to privileged information.
He, for reasons that I completely understand, made reference to a link between the work that we are doing in government and the importance of ensuring that the appropriate vetting procedures are in place for this House.
I know he will understand that, fundamentally, that will be a matter for the Speaker and for this House, but I can give him an absolute assurance that we will work closely with Mr Speaker, the Deputy Speakers and all those in this place to ensure that we look carefully at what happened and satisfy ourselves that the vetting arrangements are absolutely fit for purpose.
The hon.
Gentleman’s second point related specifically to two Members of this House.
I do not believe that either of those two Members are in their place today.
I am keen to meet them and work closely with them, and to ensure that the Government are providing the support that they may want or require.
I am happy to speak to the hon.
Gentleman and to those Members about the point that he has made.
With regard to the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, which was specifically about China, I hope he will acknowledge that the Government have been crystal clear about our position with regard to China—[Interruption.]
Right hon.
and hon.
Members may chuckle, but we have had this debate previously.
If there are Members who think that the nature of our relationship with China can be defined by a single word, then I do not believe that they are serious about the nature of the relationship.
All Members in this House have an absolute responsibility to decide for themselves what meetings they take.
With great respect to the hon.
Gentleman, I do not believe that it is for Ministers to opine from the Dispatch Box about whether individual Members should take meetings or not.
Personally, I am very clear that China remains an active, persistent and everyday threat to our country and has done so for many years.
In the light of this, what steps is the Minister taking on behalf of the Government to ensure that parliamentarians across this House are much better protected in the years to come from the kind of foreign interference that we saw—regularly, unfortunately—on the last Government’s watch?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, not only for his question but for his previous service and for the work of his constituents with regard to underpinning our national security.
He makes an important point.
He will know—as will you, Madam Deputy Speaker—that the National Protective Security Authority recently published guidance designed specifically to provide hon.
Members with advice and guidance to ensure that they are best able to deal with the risks and threats that all of us in this House face.
On the second part of my hon.
Friend’s question, that is something that the Government take incredibly seriously.
We inherited the defending democracy taskforce  from the previous Government.
That was a good institution, and I have on many occasions paid tribute to all those Conservatives Members who were involved in setting it up.
The Prime Minister has renewed the mandate of the defending democracy taskforce.
It is the fulcrum point across Government that brings the different Departments and law enforcement together, alongside Members of this House, to ensure that we are doing everything that we can to address and tackle the threats that we face.
I have always believed and maintained that that should be a shared endeavour right across this House, and my door will always be open to Members of the House who would like to discuss it.
I rather thought that, in a civilised country, whether or not someone was prosecuted depended on the evidence.
Was it therefore wise for the witness statement to replicate—word for word—the words of the Labour party manifesto, and has it ever happened before?
I always appreciate the Leader of the House’s questions—[Hon.
Members: “Father of the House!”
] Forgive me.
I always appreciate the Father of the House’s questions because he brings a long-standing wisdom and perspective to these matters.
I hope he will understand that, in line with the point that he made about civility, it is not for Ministers to critique the decision that was made by the CPS.
The Government have made it clear to the House on many occasions that this was an independent decision that was taken by the CPS, and the DPP has been clear about the fact that no special adviser and no Minister interfered in that process.
Mr Speaker, I share your frustration at the collapse of the case.
Two questions remain top of mind for Members of the House and for people in my constituency.
First, what is the Minister’s assessment of the risk of spying on MPs in this House?
Secondly, what is his assessment of the ongoing transnational repression of British national overseas passport holders in Milton Keynes and elsewhere across the country?
Does it not show a pattern of Chinese Government activity right across the UK, which is a risk to us?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise her concerns in the way that she does.
I hope that she understands, as the House does, that this Government have been absolutely clear that no interference in our democratic process is remotely acceptable and that there are no circumstances under which we will tolerate countries, wherever they may be, seeking to cause harm to anybody who is resident in the United Kingdom.
She specifically mentioned transnational repression.
That is something that the Government take incredibly seriously, and we have done a lot of work on it through the defending democracy taskforce.
Let me say again to her and to the House that it is completely unacceptable that China or any other country should seek to harm anybody who lives here in the United Kingdom.