The system provides the level of funding necessary to 16-to-19 providers.
The Government have made big decisions, which have not been backed by the Conservatives in spending reviews or Budgets, to ensure that the funding is there for colleges to make those choices.
On top of that, there is the large programme uplift.
In that respect, we are rightly making the decision to prioritise the vast majority of students who are taking more than three A-levels, especially in STEM subjects.
We are prioritising those subjects, and we are being frank and honest about that choice.
The international baccalaureate can be chosen by colleges where that is right for students.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to eligibility criteria for free school meals on levels of children in poverty.
As Secretary of State, I have secured free school meals for half a million more children and we are set to lift 100,000 children out of poverty and put £500 back into families’ pockets.
Alongside our roll-out of free breakfast clubs, 30 hours of Government-funded childcare and Best Start family hubs, I am acting to deliver Labour’s moral mission on tackling child poverty.
Labour’s expansion of free school meals will reach 8,750 children in Slough, saving parents in Slough up to £500, as well as maintaining attendance and attainment and improving behaviour.
I know that this will be welcomed by families across my Slough constituency and ensure the very best for their children’s future.
Can the Secretary of State outline what measures the Government are taking to increase awareness of this scheme and to ensure that eligible pupils do not miss out on this excellent support?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for everything he does to champion children and families across his constituency.
It is fantastic to hear how many children in Slough will benefit from the expansion of free school meals.
It is a policy that is pro-learning, anti-poverty and properly Labour.
Of course, we want as many families as possible to benefit from it, and to that end we are working with schools, local authorities and the wider sector to notify families about the changes that are coming into effect.
Under the existing criteria for free school meals, university maths schools have an excellent record for widening participation.
We know that 7% of A-level maths students across the country are eligible for free school meals, compared with 13% of students at university maths schools.
Will the Government consider expanding the number of places available at university maths schools?
The hon.
Gentleman was very imaginative with his question there, and I credit him for that.
Of course, we have to take decisions about school placement and school places overall, across the whole system, but if he would like to provide me with more information, I will happily provide him with an update.