What steps her Department is taking to support vocational training for people aged under 19.
We have cut red tape, put in record investment and tilted the system in favour of young domestic talent, and the proof is in the pudding.
Apprenticeship starts, participation and achievement are up, up, up under this Government.
Using funding delivered by the last Conservative Government, work is under way to deliver an incredible, brand new, purpose-built vocational training centre for the Neta Training Group in Stockton.
It will offer youngsters the chance to get great skills and jobs.
Does the Minister agree that we should be capping any debt-trap degree courses that fail to deliver employment opportunities and instead increasing the apprenticeship budget—maybe even doubling it—to give young people career-focused routes to success?
This is where I think the last Government got it wrong.
We can be pro-further education, pro-technical education and pro-higher education; there is absolutely no need to trade them off against one another.
Under this Government, we have 120,000 new training opportunities, up to 30,000 foundation apprenticeship starts and an unprecedented £3 billion being invested in apprenticeships.
It is great that the hon.
Member and his constituents in Stockton are benefiting from that.
Last week, I met representatives of Centrepoint.
They highlighted that some 2,800 young people in my constituency are not in education, employment or training, despite having extensive STEM skills and a real drive to participate in that part of the economy.
Connecting those young people with existing opportunities is a major challenge, and I would like to hear how such opportunities are being created through the exciting propositions of technical colleges and, perhaps, V-levels.
What work is being done to ensure that those things are accessible to young people in constituencies such as mine?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight this issue.
A million young people in this country are not in education, employment or training, which is a moral stain that the Government are absolutely committed to doing everything they can to address.
The future of our skills system sits right at the heart of that effort, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to be in the Chamber for the statement later today to hear what the Government’s further plans are.
What steps she is taking to help increase the affordability of childcare.
What steps she is taking to help increase the affordability of childcare.
Welcome, Minister.
As it is my first time at the Dispatch Box, I want to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , and say what an honour it is to build on his work to give every child the best start in life.
This Government have delivered a record expansion of childcare, saving working parents £7,500 a year, and we are working with our fantastic private, voluntary, and independent sector and new school-based nurseries to ensure that this expanded provision reaches every eligible family.