Last Wednesday, the Prime Minister told this House that no Minister or special adviser was involved in the handling of the China spy case, yet The Sunday Times has since reported that the Home Secretary had “heard that the case might collapse and had made representations to ensure the evidence put forward was as ‘strong as possible’.”
So I ask the Minister: when did the Home Secretary become aware that the case might collapse, and what representations did she or her proxies make about the evidence and to whom?
Why has the House been told—including just now—that Ministers and advisers were not involved in any way when The Sunday Times reports that they were?
The Sunday Times also reported on a key meeting that took place on  1 September —a meeting that the Government originally denied took place.
Is it true that Jonathan Powell chaired that meeting?
Did that meeting discuss the CPS view that the evidence provided to that point was inadequate, and the possibility of providing further evidence in the case?
Will the Minister agree to publish the minutes of all meetings in which this case was discussed and the correspondence relating to it?
The Sunday Times reported that following the meeting, the Attorney General’s Office was asked to speak to the CPS.
Did anyone from the AGO speak directly or indirectly to the CPS after that meeting?
Can the Minister confirm that Dan Chugg from the Foreign Office was at the  1 September  meeting, and that it was the same Dan Chugg who approached the Lord Speaker with a proposed deal in which the Chinese ambassador would be allowed back into Parliament?
The Sunday Times also reported that the DNSA is understood to have acknowledged privately that the decision not to say that China is an ongoing threat was political in nature.
Is that true?
Finally, the current Government’s position has been that all the evidence provided related to the previous Government’s policy, but we now know that that is categorically not true.
In paragraph 8 of Matt Collins’s third statement, from August this year, which he copied and pasted from the Labour manifesto, he stressed the importance the current Government attach to a “positive relationship” with China, weakening the evidence compared with 2023 and bringing in current Government policy, contrary to what we have been told in recent weeks.
Why have the Government been providing this House with inaccurate information, and why did Ministers know what the CPS wanted but refuse to give it to the CPS?
With great respect, a lot of what has just been said does not actually relate to the urgent question that was initially asked by the shadow Home Secretary.
I have to say, the Opposition’s position is confusing.
They initially criticised the Government for intervening.
Then—[Interruption.]
I will answer the question.
I am answering it.
I think it is important that on these matters of national security, we try to debate things in a reasonable and sensible way.
That is the approach that this Government will seek to take.
If Members opposite—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think we have had enough.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Opposition’s position is confusing.
They initially criticised the Government for intervening.
Then, when it became absolutely clear that we had not done that, they criticised us for not intervening.
They asked for greater transparency, then when we provided it they accused the Government—wrongly—of hanging people out to dry.
Given that this urgent question relates to the activities of the Home Office, I am not at all clear why the shadow Home Secretary thinks it is appropriate—given accusations that have been made previously about hanging officials out to dry—to name an official in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
How does that relate to the urgent question that was asked?
[Interruption.]
Order.
I think I need to help a little bit.
It is in order to mention another Department.
You cannot ringfence this and not refer to other people.
It might not be comfortable, but the fact is that a question has been asked that is within order, and that is what matters.
I am grateful for your guidance, Mr Speaker.
I am simply pointing out to the shadow Home Secretary that Conservative Members have previously criticised Ministers and the Government for, to use their words, hanging officials out to dry, and now the shadow Home Secretary has just named twice an official from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I have said to the Government Front Bench that I do not need any chipping in.
I certainly do not need it from all along the Opposition Front Bench.
I do wonder whether at any point the shadow Home Secretary and certain Conservative Members—not all, but certain Members—have considered the need to have some humility and acknowledge their part in this.
These activities took place on their watch, when they were in government, and under the legislation of the time.
Don’t just read that out.
Answer the question.
Order.
Mr Philp, you have had the benefit of an urgent question.
I have had the benefit—some might say—of listening to you, so I want you to have the benefit of listening to the Minister.
The shadow Home Secretary would be well advised to listen to the points being made.
I am seeking to respond to the questions that he and other right hon.
and hon.
Members have raised.
I am trying to do that in good faith, and I would be grateful for the opportunity to do so.
I remind the shadow Home Secretary that we are here today only because the previous Conservative Government did not move quickly enough to fix the glaring holes that existed in our national security laws.
The charges in this case, as I hope is well known, were brought under the Official Secrets Act 1911.
This antiquated legislation was drawn up before the first world war, and the Conservatives began reviewing it in 2015 because it was widely known that it was not fit for purpose.
But it took eight years for them to introduce the National Security Act 2023.
Fortunately, the law has now been updated, with cross-party support, but not in time to protect our Parliament from Chinese espionage.
If the Conservatives had acted more quickly and the National Security Act had been in place when these alleged offences happened, the prosecution would likely have proceeded.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Look, I am trying really hard.
People who hold positions should know better.
Let me make this point crystal clear: no member of this Government, nor any special adviser, was in any way involved in the evidence submitted to the CPS or the decision by the DPP not to proceed with the case.
There was an important omission from the shadow Home Secretary’s remarks.
As hon.
Members will know, the first substantive witness statement was provided under the previous Government, when the right hon.
Member was a Home Office Minister, yet neither he nor the Leader of the Opposition have taken the opportunity to say what involvement Conservative Ministers and Conservative special advisers had in the main tranche of the evidence.