Hayden has chosen to

be a Business Fellow which is a highly selective program for high-

ability students.
Through the Business Fellows program, Hayden will be

a student in both entrepreneurship and religion.
She has already taken

the entrepreneurship mantra very seriously at a young age, as she is

the creator and head designer of the Rocking M Beads jewelry business.
I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring Hayden Marchant on

her high school graduation and all of her classmates on this important

milestone.
Our best wishes for her continued success as she starts her

studies at Baylor University this fall, sic'em Bears.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JESSICA KIM AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

ASIAN AMERICAN AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN/PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Jessica received her B.S. in psychology and

business administration from the University of Florida.
She met her

husband, Hunter, at UF.
She continued her studies and received her

Juris Doctorate from Barry University School of Law.
She believed that education had the power to transform lives and

dedicated her early professional career to making education accessible.
As the chief operating officer for NeoCity Links, Jessica helps develop

strategic initiatives to promote economic growth.
She coordinates

business development efforts by working with public, private, and

nonprofit sectors.
She has proven expertise in a wide range of areas

and successfully developed new international partnerships for Osceola

County.
Jessica focuses her time outside of work on empowering women leaders

through mentorship.
She serves as the president of the PCUSA National

Korean Presbyterian Women and actively strives to create opportunities

for engagement and enablement for women to reach the highest level of

leadership and potential.
Jessica resides in Windermere, Florida, with her husband and loves

snuggling with her five children, reading, cooking, and kickboxing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF SUPERINTENDENT PAM CONKLIN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

Superintendent Pam Conklin upon her retirement as Superintendent of the

Travis Unified School District after more than 25 years of service in

education.
Ms. Conklin's steadfast dedication to enhancing the quality

a lasting impact on the Solano County community.
Ms. Conklin began her educational career as a teacher with the Novato

Unified School District.
Throughout her twenty-year tenure with the

District, Ms. Conklin demonstrated a genuine commitment to fostering an

environment of community and respect in her classrooms.
She ultimately

became the Assistant Superintendent for Human Resources for the

District, where she spearheaded efforts to ensure all students,

regardless of their background, can reach their full potential.
In 2015, her passion for education led her to serve as the Oakley

Union Elementary School District Superintendent.
During her tenure, her

collaboration with the Contra Costa County community and her critical

leadership helped ensure the continued success of the Oakley Union

School District.
Upon her departure from the Oakley Union School District, Ms. Conklin

began working at the Travis Unified School District as the Human

Resources Administrator and in 2017, she began serving as

Superintendent.
Her critical efforts to advocate for the students,

teachers, and families of Solano County and Travis Air Force Base were

indispensable to our community.
As Superintendent, Ms. Conklin played a pivotal role in supporting

Travis Air Force Base and helping nine schools in the District earn the

designation of ``Purple Star Schools,'' schools that are committed to

and equipped to meet the unique needs of military-affiliated students

and their families.
While her leadership as Superintendent will surely be missed, Ms.

Conklin's decades of service to the students of Northern California and

Travis Unified School District have left an indelible legacy.
I would

like to extend my sincere gratitude to Ms. Conklin and wish her the

best in her future endeavors.