Title: COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MRS.
ANN DOUGHERTY KRAUS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
85

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MRS.
ANN DOUGHERTY KRAUS

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

accomplishments of Mrs. Ann Dougherty Kraus--a pillar of our Dallas

community.
Mrs. Kraus's journey is one of remarkable achievements and

selflessness.
She graduated second in her class from Western Kentucky

University.
She subsequently moved to Japan in 1952 to care for

American soldiers injured in the Korean War.
She later married William

Kraus in France in 1956.
A Dallas resident from 1959 until 2024, Mrs. Kraus was a giant in our

community.
She raised her four children here, along with her community

service as a member of the Dallas County Medical Alliance, Medical

Center Board, and President of the Parent's Club at the St. Mark's

School of Texas.
She was also a member of St. Thomas Aquinas Parish in

Dallas, Texas.
My heart goes out to all who knew and loved Ann, especially her

sister, Margie Joy, her children, Greg, Peter, Sharon, and Stephen, her

six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
May her memory be a

source of comfort and strength.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HAYDEN MARCHANT'S GRADUATION FROM THE HOCKADAY SCHOOL

HON.
KAY GRANGER

Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Hayden Marie

Marchant's graduation from The Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas.
Hayden

entered The Hockaday School as a pre-K student and attended the school

for her entire academic career.
Her graduation, years in the making, as

she highly distinguished herself both inside and outside of the

classroom and earned the respect of her peers and teachers.
Among her many accomplishments at Hockaday was to serve as the editor

of the school yearbook Cornerstones.
The Hockaday yearbook is an

exceptional annual challenge, trying to capture the year for the over

1,000 students coming not just from the Dallas/Ft.
Worth metroplex, but

from across Texas and the globe.
This was in addition to her many

athletic talents, being a member of the high school crew, soccer, and

track & field teams.
Her extracurricular experiences were not limited to journalism and

sports, but also included a significant focus on religious life and

values.
Hayden frequently led Bible study at Hockaday and served as an

active member of North Dallas Young Life.
She is also a member of First

Baptist Church and is a major volunteer at the Fields Youth Group.
Each

Sunday morning, she manages the sound and lights for the youth service,

mainly out of view, but her service is essential.
She has demonstrated

servant leadership at both ends of the spectrum, being out in front and

behind the scenes.
This balanced leadership approach will serve her

well in the future and will benefit many as she continues to grow.
Hayden is the daughter of proud parents Matthew and Lindsay Marchant

years ago.
Her supportive grandparents, Rodney and Sherry Hill of

Frisco, and Kenny and Donna Marchant of Coppell, join in celebrating

her graduation.
The Hockaday School prides itself on their four cornerstones of

character, courtesy, scholarship, and athletics.
For fourteen years,

Hayden has lived up to and excelled at these school values, and they

will guide her well as she starts college.
Hayden Marchant will attend Baylor University in Waco, Texas in the

fall of 2024.
Hayden was admitted to the Hankamer Scholars and Business

Fellows programs, as well as the Honors College.
Hayden has chosen to

be a Business Fellow which is a highly selective program for high-

ability students.
Through the Business Fellows program, Hayden will be

a student in both entrepreneurship and religion.
She has already taken

the entrepreneurship mantra very seriously at a young age, as she is

the creator and head designer of the Rocking M Beads jewelry business.