This study will be instrumental in the further development of

widely available and accessible rail in southeastern Connecticut, for

which we have Zell to thank.
I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me

in honoring Zell Steever's service and spirit.
His loss is felt deeply

across the state and Nation.
He is survived by his wife, Elizabeth, two

sons, John and Scott, two stepsons, Jonathan and Gabriel, six

grandchildren, and his brother Sanford.
His resolute mission to protect

the planet we call home and his devoted service to his communities will

serve as a lasting legacy in the hearts and minds of Connecticut's

future environmentalists and conservationists as they continue the work

he dedicated his life to.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
VAL T. HOYLE

Ms. HOYLE of Oregon.
Mr. Speaker, yesterday I mistakenly voted Yea on

Roll Call No.
202, passage of H. Res.
1210, the Resolution ``Condemning

the Biden border crisis and the tremendous burdens law enforcement

officers face as a result.''
I intended to vote Nay, as I've consistently done on similar

politically-charged, non-binding resolutions that play politics instead

of work to achieve a bipartisan solution to the border.
I regret the

error.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HANDS OF THE CARPENTER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hands of the

Carpenter from Golden, Colorado on receiving the 2024 Golden Rotary

Club's Ethics in Business Award.
For over two decades, Hands of the Carpenter has provided crucial

support to single mothers through free and low-cost automobile repairs

and maintenance.
Hands of the Carpenter has grown significantly since

its inception, going from assisting a handful of women each year to

helping over 600 last year alone.
For many single mothers, a reliable

vehicle can make a world of difference.
Hands of the Carpenter helps

bring stability to often uncertain circumstances.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to recognize the Hands of the Carpenter organization for

all they do for our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAZZY MODECKER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jazzy Modecker

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Jazzy has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Jazzy, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Jazzy's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Oberon Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Jazzy Modecker on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MATTHEW HARE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

service of one of my constituents, Lt.
Matthew Hare, of the Inverness

Fire Department.
For the past three years, the Inverness Fire

Department has been going through a rebuilding phase.
Lt.
Hare has been

a vital part of this process and has been the go-to guy for any project

that needs to be completed.
He is constantly working to improve his

skills and further his education.
His excellent work ethic has allowed

him to become one of the department leaders and he is a role model to

his peers.
Lt.
Hare operates in a manner that brings great credit to

himself, his family, the City, and the citizens he serves.
These are just a few examples of the hard work, dedication, eagerness

to help, and servant leadership that Lt.
Hare exhibits every day when

he goes to work.