Hare operates in a manner that brings great credit to

himself, his family, the City, and the citizens he serves.
These are just a few examples of the hard work, dedication, eagerness

to help, and servant leadership that Lt.
Hare exhibits every day when

he goes to work.
He is a shining example of what it means to be an

Inverness First Responder.
His work ethic should be a benchmark for

which other first responders should strive to attain.
It is evident

that Lt.
Hare has made a profoundly positive impact on our community

and is qualified to be recognized as a First Responder of the Year for

Florida's 12th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL WHITAKER

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

service of one of my constituents, Communications Officer Michael

Whitaker, of the Citrus County Sheriff's Office.
On Friday, Dec. 8,

2023, Officer Whitaker was working in the Communication Section as an

Intake Operator when a constituent called 911 to advise that his 3-

month-old daughter, Harmonie, was choking and could not breath.
After

de-escalating the parent and helping him become calm enough to follow

instructions, Officer Whitaker proceeded to provide lifesaving

instructions on how to clear the baby's airway.
The father followed all

the instructions and was able to clear her airway.
With Harmonie able

to breathe fresh oxygen again, EMS arrived on scene and transported her

to a nearby hospital for observation.
Thanks to Officer Whitaker's

swift actions, professionalism, and composure, Baby Harmonie is doing

great today.
This is just one example of the hard work, dedication, eagerness to

help, and servant leadership that Communications Officer Whitaker

exhibits every day when he goes to work.
Officer Whitaker is a shining

example of what it means to be a Citrus County First Responder.
His

work ethic should be a benchmark for which other first responders

should strive to attain.
It is evident that Officer Whitaker has made a

profoundly positive impact on our community and is qualified to be

recognized as a First Responder of the Year for Florida's 12th

Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OLIVIA MACIAS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Olivia Macias

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Olivia has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Olivia, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Olivia's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Oberon Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Olivia Macias on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.