Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent Captain Kevin Mitchell of the Kingsport Fire Department in Kingsport, Tennessee, who is retiring after more than 26 years of dedicated service to our community.
Captain Mitchell began his Journey with the Kingsport Fire Department on September 2, 1997.
Over the span of his illustrious career, he has not only served as a firefighter, but also advanced to become a paramedic serving in this capacity for over two decades.
His dedication to continued education extended far beyond his immediate duties as a respected instructor in both fire service and medical fields, where he taught crucial lifesaving techniques such as CPR, Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS), Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS), and more.
Beginning his career as a firefighter, Captain Mitchell was soon promoted to the position of engineer, where he was responsible for driving and operating complex firefighting vehicles.
He continued to rise through the ranks in recognition of his exceptional service, culminating in his promotion to Captain, a role he held until his retirement.
His commitment to safety and excellence led him to join the Kingsport Fire Department Technical Rescue Team, where he specialized in Search & Rescue, Swift Water Rescue, Confined Space, High & Low Angle Rope Rescue, Trench Rescue, and Structural Collapse.
His leadership and expertise in these areas earned him the role of Technical Rescue Team Leader.
In addition to his remarkable service at the Kingsport Fire Department, Captain Mitchell also dedicated eight years as a member of the State of Tennessee Emergency Service Board in Nashville, where he played a pivotal role in regulating EMS activities across the state.
His service to the community extended well beyond his professional obligations to include his participation with the Big Brother/Big Sister Program of East Tennessee, H.O.P.E. (Help Our Potential Evolve), the Kingsport Life Saving Crew, and the Kingsport Firefighters Association Local 2270.
His advocacy efforts also saw him participate in state legislation, lobbying for the rights and welfare of firefighters across Tennessee, advocating on critical issues like PTSD and cancer.