Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the inspiring life.
A resident of the City of Clifton, Dennis John was debilitated by a traumatic brain injury when he was fifteen years old.
The injury that befell Dennis John would have crushed weaker spirits.
But instead of shrinking, Dennis John and his family used it to change the world.
Back in 1984 when Dennis John suffered his injury, few people anywhere knew about Traumatic Brain Injury.
Information was sparse, even among doctors.
The knowledge gap was enormous.
Dennis John helped change all of that.
The Benigno family drive was tireless, the founding I first met Dennis John when I was running for Congress in 1996.
His story inspired me to learn more about the issue and advocate for people with brain injuries.
It is thanks to Dennis John's inspiration that I founded, alongside my friend Former 
Representative Jim Greenwood (RPA), the bipartisan Congressional Brain Injury Task Force in 2001.
At first, you could fit our caucus members into a phone book.
Now, there are dozens of members on our task force.
For 23 years, the task force has brought together thousands of families, advocates, and doctors.
We have enacted laws, created policies, won hundreds of millions of dollars in funding, made important connections and told countless stories.
These are people who would have never met and laws that would have never passed had it not been for Dennis John Benigno.
Other accident victims, military servicemen and women in Iraq and Afghanistan, those participating in youth sports, and millions of people across the spectrum helped because the Congress was aware and ready to support our TBI victims.
Regrettably, Dennis John passed away on January 24, 2024.
It is true that we have yet to find the TBI cure we have prayed for, and I have deep regret for that.
But when people cynically say no one person can make any difference in our world, they are wrong.
They did not know Dennis John Benigno.
So, while we mourn a life lost, we celebrate something even bigger a life that lifted up so many others by sheer power and love.
Today, we are hosting Brain Injury Day on Capitol Hill.
Hundreds of brain injury victims, advocates, and caregivers from across the nation have come to Washington to educate Congress on the steps we can take to fund and support care for brain injury victims as we fight for a cure.
This year's Brain Injury Day is in honor of Dennis John Benigno's life.
I do not know if I would be here fighting for this worthy cause if not for Dennis John's inspiration.
The House sends its condolences to Dennis John's parents, Dennis and Rosalind Benigno, his sister Kim Lyons, her husband William, as well as his aunts, uncles, nephews, and cousins.
May God bless Dennis John Benigno.
God bless his entire family.
And God bless America.