Title: CONGRATULATING EYOLE MBONGO; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
200

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING EYOLE MBONGO

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr.

Eyole M. Mbongo of San Antonio, Texas, who received the Outstanding

Congressional Staffer Award on December 1, 2023 from the Hispanic

Association of Colleges and Universities (HACU) in recognition of his

exceptional dedication to advancing equity in education.
In 2014, Mr. Mbongo joined my Congressional staff as an intern while

completing his master's degree in public administration at the

University of Texas, San Antonio.
After his graduation, I hired him as

a constituent services representative in my district office, where he

worked to help residents of the 20th District of Texas access programs

and services within the federal government.
After almost two years in

my district office, he joined my staff in Washington D.C., where he now

serves as a senior legislative assistant.
Over the course of his work with my office, Mr. Mbongo has led the

fight to bring hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding back

to San Antonio schools and universities--helping them chart a path

forward through the darkest days of the COVID-19 pandemic and close

racial and socioeconomic gaps in college attendance and completion.
During the current session of Congress, Mr. Mbongo has been a

critical advisor in the introduction of several bills and resolutions,

including:

The Hispanic Educational Resources and Empowerment Act (HERE Act),

which would authorize a grant program to support partnerships between

Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs) and school districts with high

enrollment of Latino students to improve college readiness and degree

attainment.
The Advanced Coursework Equity Act, which would authorize a grant

program to address equity gaps in enrollment and performance in

advanced programs and courses.
A resolution to designate the week beginning on September 11, 2023 as

National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week.
There is no one more qualified or deserving of this award than Mr.

Mbongo, and I am grateful to the Hispanic Association of Colleges and

Universities for recognizing the profound impact of his work.
I congratulate Mr. Mbongo--he makes San Antonio proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR BRIGADIER GENERAL MICHAEL CATES

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brigadier General

Michael ``Mike'' Cates of Frisco, Texas, and award him a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
General Cates honorably served in the United

States Army as the 23rd Chief of the U.S. Army Veterinary Corps.
In 1980, General Cates followed in his family's footsteps and joined

the Army after obtaining his Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degree at

Texas A&M University.
He specialized in veterinary services in South

Korea and Germany, and was the first veterinarian to command the Army's

Center for Health Promotion and Preventative Medicine.
I commend his

extensive efforts to improve public health and the wellbeing of animals

in the military.
For his exemplary service, General Cates was awarded

the Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit with Oak Leaf Cluster,

and several other awards.
In 2005, he was named a Distinguished Alumnus

of Texas A&M's College of Veterinary Medicine.
After his retirement in 2008, General Cates continued to make

profound impacts in his community in many ways.
He became a professor

at Kansas State University's College of Veterinary Medicine and served

as their Master of Public Health Graduate Program Director.
As the

Program Director, General Cates helped prepare students for success in

public health careers.
When he retired from academia, he served as a

board member for the Heritage Association and Pet Partners in Frisco.
In these roles, General Cates helped preserve Frisco's rich history and

supported local animal shelters so that they may have a safe place to

call home.
These actions highlight his commitment to uplifting the

world around him and being a voice for those in need.