Some of his

responsibilities included protecting government officials, safeguarding

intelligence officers, training allied forces, and conducting raids on

high value targets.
GySgt DeHaven's efforts helped to protect the

wellbeing of countless Americans and our allies.
For his selfless

service and contributions to our national security, GySgt DeHaven was

awarded the National Intelligence Medal for Valor.
After he was honorably discharged in 1998, GySgt DeHaven pursued a

successful career in technology.
However, the September 11 terrorist

attacks reinforced his desire to defend his nation from all threats,

foreign and domestic.
He returned to military service, and served as a

ground reconnaissance advisor with the 6th Marine Regiment and as an

anti-terrorism advisor to our intelligence community until 2021.
When

he returned to Texas, GySgt DeHaven looked for ways to protect our

nation's children in the wake of the terrible events in Uvalde.
He

opened a private consulting company to help enhance school safety and

threat prevention efforts.
Through his valuable expertise, the Denison

Independent School District selected him to serve as their Director of

Safety and Security.
Without question, GySgt DeHaven's extensive

experience in combatting hostile threats will help to protect our

schools and communities.
I am honored to represent GySgt DeHaven in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR SERGEANT JOHANN SCHRAP

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant

Johann Schrap of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
Sergeant Schrap honorably served in the United States Air

Force during the Vietnam War.
As a young man, Sergeant Schrap sailed with his family when they

immigrated to the United States.
As his ship passed by the Statue of

Liberty, he understood that the values of democracy and freedom it

represents and knew these come only through sacrifices.
During the

Second World War, Sergeant Schrap's father helped provide refuge for

Jewish citizens in the Netherlands from persecution by the Nazi regime.
For these actions, his father was imprisoned but was rescued by

American forces when the Allies liberated Holland.
As a token of

appreciation for American assistance to his family, Sergeant Schrap

chose to serve his country and joined the Air Force.
He was eventually

sent to Saigon, Vietnam as part of the 75th Military Airlift Squadron

where he assisted in postal and administrative operations.
In this

role, Sergeant Schrap managed incoming mail and ensured that soldiers

received correspondence from home in a timely fashion.
For his service

and contributions to our nation, Sergeant Schrap received several

awards, including the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Air Force

Commendation Medal, and Silver Rose.
After returning home, Sergeant Schrap attended California Baptist

University in California and later received a degree in Biblical

Studies.
As part of the First Baptist Church in Garland, Texas, he

participated in several mission trips to help rebuild homes that were

damaged by natural disasters.
Sergeant Schrap ran a very successful

small business specializing in home repairs, painting, and remodeling.
He is a member of Vietnam Veterans of America and Disabled American

Veterans, where he conducts veteran outreach

and provides guidance for veterans to receive assistance.
Sergeant

Schrap also has a keen eye for spotting veterans in public, and he will

happily engage with them in order to listen to their stories or help in

any way he can.
I highly commend Sergeant Schrap for continuing to

uplift the men and women who served our nation and uplifting the

community around him.
I am honored to represent Sergeant Schrap in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.