When he retired from academia, he served as a

board member for the Heritage Association and Pet Partners in Frisco.
In these roles, General Cates helped preserve Frisco's rich history and

supported local animal shelters so that they may have a safe place to

call home.
These actions highlight his commitment to uplifting the

world around him and being a voice for those in need.
I am honored to represent BG Cates in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CHIEF PETTY OFFICER WILLIAM

ANDERSON

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Petty

Officer William ``Bill'' Anderson of Denison, Texas, and award him a

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
CPO Anderson served in the United

States Navy, and his impressive career experience highlights his

genuine passion for helping our community.
CPO Anderson was inspired to join the Navy after gaining a deep

respect and appreciation for our nation's veterans of prior conflicts.
Originally, CPO Anderson wanted to stay in the Navy Reserves, but after

the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, he wanted to do more to bring

the perpetrators of this attack to justice.
To accomplish this, he

pursued a deployment to Iraq in 2005 and Afghanistan in 2008, where he

served in numerous support roles, including the Naval Security Forces

and Navy Customs.
Furthermore, CPO Anderson qualified as a Seabee

Combat Warfare Officer.
Seabees are well known for being able to build

infrastructure anywhere around the world at a moment's notice.
If you

needed a military base, airfield, or bridge halfway around the world,

CPO Anderson is the person you'd call to get the job done.
For his

service to our nation, CPO Anderson was bestowed the Bronze Star, Army

and Navy Commendation medals, and many more awards.
In 2005, he met his

future wife Teresa, and they married three years later.
Together, they

raised two children.
After his retirement from the Navy in 2013, CPO Anderson continued to

serve his nation through various civilian roles, and even supported

counterinsurgency operations in Afghanistan.
When he returned to Texas,

CPO Anderson worked at the Denison Dam Power Plant to help maintain

Texas' electrical grid.
Today, he continues his career with the U.S.

Army Corps of Engineers providing emergency power relief to those

affected by natural disasters.
In his recreational time, he is a

Scoutmaster for Troop 55 in Pottsboro and Denison, where seven boys

have attained the rank of Eagle Scout under his guidance.
I am honored to represent CPO Anderson in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a privilege to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR GUNNERY SERGEANT MICHAEL DeHAVEN

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gunnery Sergeant

Michael DeHaven of Denison, Texas, and award him a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
GySgt DeHaven honorably served in the United

States Marine Corps during the Gulf War and the Global War on

Terrorism.
As a young man, GySgt DeHaven heeded the call to serve his nation in

the Marine Corps.
In 1986, he joined the Marines and later became a

member of the 5th Force Reconnaissance Company.
GySgt DeHaven

specialized in high-altitude parachuting, underwater operations, and

reconnaissance in support of Marine Expeditionary Forces.
Some of his

responsibilities included protecting government officials, safeguarding

intelligence officers, training allied forces, and conducting raids on

high value targets.
GySgt DeHaven's efforts helped to protect the

wellbeing of countless Americans and our allies.
For his selfless

service and contributions to our national security, GySgt DeHaven was

awarded the National Intelligence Medal for Valor.