I

will miss him dearly, and I know that countless others will, too.
He

was a true, loyal friend.
His wife, Sabina; sons, Gabriel and Daniel; brother Ed; parents,

Benito and Mirta; all his loved ones, and to the entire CTU family, are

in my heart and in my prayers.
Together, as we mourn his passing, let

us celebrate the blessing he was in all of our lives, the impact he had

on our community, and the mark he has left in our great City of

Chicago.
Oscar vive, la lucha sigue.
Rest in power, Oscar.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I was serving as Ranking Member in

the House Financial Services Committee on November 29 when votes were

called on the House Floor.
The Chairman did not recess the committee in

time for me to make the first vote of the series, therefore I missed

recording my vote on Roll Call No.
678.
Had I been able to vote, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
678.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING McALLISTER TOWING, PRESIDENT AND CEO BRIAN BUCKLEY

McALLISTER, AND SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CAPTAIN CHUCK RUNNION

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize McAllister

Towing, their President and CEO Brian Buckley McAllister, and their

recipient of the Patriot Award, Senior Vice President Captain Chuck

Runnion.
Founded in 1864, McAllister Towing operates a fleet of more than 70

tugboats, crew boats, and barges in 14 locations along the U.S. East

Coast from Eastport, Maine, to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
McAllister is

engaged in each port's ship docking, general harbor towing, coastal

towing, windfarm support, and bulk transportation.
Additionally,

McAllister manages and operates the POLARIS ATB Unit that is used to

bunker vessels with Liquefied Natural Gas in Cape Canaveral.
The assets

and talented teams at McAllister continue the McAllister family

tradition of being an innovative force in marine transportation.
Furthermore, I would like to recognize Brian Buckley McAllister the

President and CEO of McAllister Towing and the Bridgeport and Port

Jefferson Steamboat Company.
Mr. McAllister serves on the Steamship

Mutual P&I Club boards, the Seamen's Church Institute, and the Coast

Guard Foundation.
He is also a Member of the Maritime Association of

the Port of New York and New Jersey and the American Bureau of

Shipping.
He served as Chairman of the American Waterways Operators

from 2013 to 2014.
McAllister's senior vice president, Captain Chuck Runnion, also

received the prestigious Patriot Award.
Captain Runnion has worked in

the industry since 1980, adding invaluable experience and insight to

McAllister's Southeast operations.
Captain Runnion is being honored for

his effort to hire and retain veterans through thoughtful efforts that

support specific veteran needs.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in recognizing McAllister Towing,

their President and CEO Brian Buckley McAllister, and their Senior Vice

President, Captain Chuck Runnion, for their contributions to ports

across the eastern shore and Port Everglades, proudly located in

Florida's 23rd Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WRIGHTSTOWN FOOTBALL TEAM

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Wrightstown

Tigers Football Team for their runner-up finish at the 2023 WIAA

Division 5 State Boys Football Championship.
Following an impressive season and playoff run, the Wrightstown

football team traveled to Camp Randall in Madison to compete in the

2023 WIAA State Football Championship Game.
With a record of 11-3

during the season, the Wrightstown team worked together all season to

become a dominant force in the conference.
I commend head coach Steve

Klister, the coaching staff, and the entire team for their unwavering

commitment and dedication to an incredibly impressive season.