From modernizing and

standardizing our state's voting machines to digitizing campaign

finance and voter registration resources, Linda brought our elections

into the twenty-first century.
She helped other states make progress in

these areas through her involvement with the National Association of

State Election Directors.
Linda also helped our state and our democracy weather unprecedented

crises.
She led the effort to ensure that Marylanders could vote safely

in the 2020 election during the Covid-19 pandemic.
She also sought to

maintain Americans' faith in their democratic system amid a wave of

election denialism.
We were fortunate to have Linda's leadership in

2020 and all the years before and since.
No matter the task at hand or the challenge before her, Linda tackled

it with determination.
She always knew that she could count on the

support of her family--especially her husband of 53 years, Rudy.
As

Dean of the Robert H. Smith School of Business at the University of

Maryland, College Park, and as a prominent academic and entrepreneur,

Rudy was another crucial leader in our community.
We all mourned with

Linda when he passed away earlier this year, and we continue to keep

him in our prayers.
As Linda brings her career to a close, we find ourselves at another

pivotal moment for American elections.
We see leaders openly cast doubt

on the outcome of free and fair elections.
Some people deliberately try

to erode our electoral system and other democratic institutions.
Linda

Lamone serves as an example of the countless hardworking, principled

elections officials across the country who help uphold our democracy in

the face of these threats.
Their work isn't easy, but it is absolutely

essential.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Linda and the democratic

principles she devoted her career to protecting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DONALD J. HERRINGTON

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give thanks for the many

years of service of

Donald J. Herrington to the New Holland community, as he retires from

public service as a member of the New Holland Borough Council.
Mr. Herrington's selfless service to the New Holland Community

exceeds thirty years across two millennia.
He entered service to the

borough as a member of the Planning Commission, serving seven years

followed by a term as Mayor of the borough for four years ending in

1989.
Mr. Herrington was recalled to the service of the borough in June of

2000, as a Borough Council Member, a position which he held through the

end of this year.
In addition to his dedication to the borough, he also served his

community as a coach for several local Garden Spot sports teams, and

with the local Jaycees, eventually serving as the 37th President of the

Pennsylvania Jaycees.
Mr. Speaker, our communities across the nation are enriched through

the selfless service of dedicated and talented individuals like Mr.

Donald J. Herrington.
We offer him our thanks and gratitude for his

work to strengthen his community and we wish him well in all his future

endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NO FENCING AT THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the No Fencing at the

United States Supreme Court Act, which would prohibit the installation

of permanent fencing at the U.S. Supreme Court.
Earlier this year, I

introduced a bill that would prohibit the installation of permanent

fencing at the U.S. Capitol complex.
After the Supreme Court's draft opinion in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's

Health was leaked in May 2022, the Supreme Court installed temporary

anti-climb fencing around its grounds, which remained in place until

late August 2022.
While the Supreme Court has not announced plans to

install permanent fencing, temporary security measures often become

permanent.