Earlier this year, I

introduced a bill that would prohibit the installation of permanent

fencing at the U.S. Capitol complex.
After the Supreme Court's draft opinion in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's

Health was leaked in May 2022, the Supreme Court installed temporary

anti-climb fencing around its grounds, which remained in place until

late August 2022.
While the Supreme Court has not announced plans to

install permanent fencing, temporary security measures often become

permanent.
While I understand the importance of protecting the Supreme Court

building, Supreme Court Justices and Supreme Court employees, we can

and must maintain our commitment to security without sacrificing public

access by using the least restrictive means necessary to address

security.
Permanent fencing would send an un-American message to the nation and

the world by transforming our democracy from one that is accessible and

of the people to one that is exclusive and fearful of its own citizens.
The Supreme Court has long welcomed First Amendment demonstrations

without becoming a fortress.
Public property should be open to the public.
The distance between

government and the people has grown, with trust in government,

including the Supreme Court, low.
We should not entrench that distance

further by placing intimidating barriers between public servants and

the people they serve.
There are more effective, less obtrusive

security solutions than archaic fencing.
Moreover, the Supreme Court is in a residential neighborhood in the

District of Columbia.
The Supreme Court grounds are widely used by both

D.C. residents and visitors.
Permanent fencing would block that use.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OSCAR ORTIZ'S COMMENDATION

HON.
DELIA C. RAMIREZ

Mrs. RAMIREZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of my dear friend and constituent, Oscar Ortiz, a devoted organizer and

champion for educational equity.
Oscar was a visionary: he fought for a

just, inclusive future where everyone thrives.
He was a beloved

husband, father, brother, son, and respected member of the Illinois

Third Congressional District community.
Born in our great City of Chicago on April 21, 1962, to Benito and

Mirta Ortiz, Oscar dedicated his life to empowering our community

through education.
He believed that education was a powerful tool to

build a just future.
He knew education could unlock our collective

potential and enable us to realize our dreams.
With that in mind, Ortiz

became an elementary and high school teacher, helping our young people

find their power and joy in learning.
Whether it was at Jahn and Lowell

Elementary Schools or Jefferson Alternative School, el maestro Ortiz

was always present for all his students, their parents, and faculty.
His desire to serve our community and defend public education in

Chicago led him to join the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) in May 2003,

where he quickly became a committed and active member, never missing a

meeting or event.
There, Oscar served as a sergeant-at-arms, as the

Lowell delegate, and as a member of the Legislative Committees, always

with the intention of advancing social justice and equity through

education.
Oscar generously committed his time on earth to countless social

justice causes.
He believed in the power of organized communities and

worked tirelessly to build a better future for Chicago and our nation.
I, personally, will miss his calls to action and the way he could stir

our passions and stoke our courage on the bullhorn at direct actions.
May his passion for change and love of community always--guide us!
I

will miss him dearly, and I know that countless others will, too.
He

was a true, loyal friend.
His wife, Sabina; sons, Gabriel and Daniel; brother Ed; parents,

Benito and Mirta; all his loved ones, and to the entire CTU family, are

in my heart and in my prayers.