I highly commend Sergeant Schrap for continuing to

uplift the men and women who served our nation and uplifting the

community around him.
I am honored to represent Sergeant Schrap in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF PASTOR CHARLES GILCHRIST ADAMS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today the 12th Congressional District mourns

the loss of Pastor Charles Gilchrist Adams, a beloved spiritual and

community leader and activist in our district whose influence reached

many across our state and the world.
Pastor Charles Gilchrist Adams graduated with honors from the

University of Michigan and Harvard University and went on to become a

doctoral fellow in Union Theological Seminary in New York City.
From

1962 to 1969, Dr. Adams served as Pastor of the historic Concord

Baptist Church in Boston.
Shortly after, Pastor Charles Gilchrist Adams

was appointed as lead pastor for the historic Hartford Memorial Baptist

Church in Detroit, a role

he held for more than fifty years.
As pastor, he dedicated his life and

mission to service, fighting for justice for our communities and

improving the lives of residents in Northwest Detroit.
He was a

tireless advocate in the fight for safe housing for all and for

affordable childcare for working families.
Pastor Adams served as

President of the Detroit Branch of the NAACP in 1984 and served on its

executive board consecutive years until 1992.
His bold and grounded leadership is a testament to his impactful work

and legacy.
The 12th Congressional District sends our deepest and

heartfelt condolences to Pastor Adams's family and to the entire

Hartford Memorial Baptist Church family on this significant loss to our

community.
Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Agnes Adams and

his children, Dr. Tara Adams Washington and Reverend Charles Christian

Adams.
Please join me in remembering Pastor Charles Gilchrist Adams for his

incredible spiritual leadership and impact on our district and the

community.
May he rest in love and his legacy continue to impact our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MARYLAND ELECTIONS ADMINISTRATOR LINDA

LAMONE

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my friend

Linda Lamone: Maryland's longest-serving Elections Administrator and

the second-longest-serving chief elections official in America.
In

September, she retired after overseeing our elections for more than a

quarter century.
Linda is a woman of tremendous vision, integrity, and

reverence for our democratic institutions, and we appreciate her

outstanding service.
After serving Marylanders for decades as a Counsel to the Maryland

State Assembly, the Chief Legal Counsel to Governor Schaefer's

legislative office, a private attorney, and an Assistant Attorney

General under Governor Glendening, Linda started as Elections

Administrator in 1997.
She oversaw 13 federal general elections,

including six presidential elections, over the course of her impressive

career.
Linda started the role at a pivotal moment for American elections.
New digital technologies offered new opportunities to enhance our

electoral system.
Around the same time, the 2000 presidential election

revealed how vulnerabilities in our elections can undermine the

American people's faith in our democracy.
That experience led me and a

bipartisan group of Members to pass the Help America Vote Act to keep

our elections secure, accessible, and transparent.
Linda was instrumental in helping the Election Assistance Commission

and I implement HAVA in Maryland and beyond.
From modernizing and

standardizing our state's voting machines to digitizing campaign

finance and voter registration resources, Linda brought our elections

into the twenty-first century.
She helped other states make progress in

these areas through her involvement with the National Association of

State Election Directors.
Linda also helped our state and our democracy weather unprecedented

crises.