Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the diligent and honorable service of Chief.
On August 14, Admiral Gilday is slated to retire from his four-year term as the U.S. Navy's 32nd Chief of Naval Operations, and it is more than fitting that this chamber take a moment to recognize his extraordinary record leading our Nation's Navy.
A New England native hailing from Massachusetts, Mike Gilday was raised in a family with a strong Navy tradition.
His innate intelligence, his patriotism and his leadership qualities stood out at an early age, foreshadowing a promising career as a naval officer.
Upon graduating high school, he received a congressional nomination to the U.S. Naval Academy, and after graduation was commissioned as a Surface Warfare Officer in 1985.
During his career he continued his passion for learning and obtained an MPA from the Harvard Kennedy School and an MS from the National War College.
Admiral Gilday's record at sea is impressive.
He commanded the Destroyers USS Higgins and USS Benfold, was Commodore of Destroyer Squadron 7, and Commander of Carrier Strike Group 8.
As Vice Admiral, he was the fourth commander of U.S. Fleet Cyber Command developing and enhancing the Navy's information network operations, offensive and defensive cyberspace operations, space operations and signals intelligence.
In the 21st century, proficiency in cyber command-- something which didn't exist until recently, provides an immense benefit to naval readiness.
Admiral Gilday is the first to bring skill to the CNO position.
Ashore he served our Nation with distinction during a remarkable career.
He completed several tours as a staff officer working for the Chief of Naval Operations and the Vice Chief.
He served as the executive assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs His commitment to our allies and partners were not only reflected during his work as the Chief of Naval Operations, but during his distinguished service as the director of operations for NATO's Joint Force Command Lisbon and as Chief of Staff for Naval Striking and Support Forces NATO.
Appointed to the role of Chief of Naval Operations in August 2019, Admiral Gilday has, in conjunction with the Congress's constitutional mandate in Article One, Section 8 ``To provide and maintain a Navy'', done outstanding work to keep our fleet relevant and oriented to challenges across the globe.
Equipped with his striking educational background, as well as his history of deployments and command, his competent service as the head of naval operations has come to no surprise.
It speaks volumes that he was the first three-star admiral to be appointed, to the position of Chief of Naval Operations in nearly half a century.
Each of his prior missions have influenced a modernized national security perspective within him, and by extension from the top of the U.S. Navy down.
As our Nation has shifted emphasis of our security strategy toward the Indo-Pacific region over the last decade-plus, Admiral Gilday has been a pioneer in adapting cyber preparedness and how best to prepare for and respond to competition or challenges to our collective freedom of the seas.
He has been a steady presence in touring our Nation's industrial base capabilities, testifying to the U.S. Navy's needs before the House Armed Services Committee and a particular spokesperson in successfully advancing the cutting-edge vision of the AUKUS alliance.