Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Collin Michael Morrison, devoted American patriot and late President/CEO of LionHeart Security Services in Tempe, Arizona.
Born at a British military base in Singapore, Michael was the son of Scottish U.S. Army servicemembers.
He spent his childhood in the United Kingdom and Southeast Asia where his father worked in intelligence.
After moving to the United States, Michael's core values in teamwork and equal justice led him to serve in both the U.S. Navy and U.S. Army, in the Monterey County Sheriff's Department, and later in international security.
Notably, his international work landed him at U.S. embassies in Africa, including roles as a Project Manager for security forces in Guinea, West Africa, and as a security consultant for U.S. embassies in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, and Senegal.
Here, he developed security training modules for local security forces assigned to these embassies.
After 7 years in Africa, Michael returned to the United States to foster his continued sense of duty and create LionHeart Security Services in Arizona.
As a business owner, he held an ``always can do and will do'' attitude with intense follow through.
Every time the United States of America asked Michael to step up, you can guarantee he did.
Beyond his accomplishments in the security industry, Michael was also a strong Conservative Republican.
He was instrumental in drafting Congressional legislation to ensure U.S. Security Force project managers only report to U.S. Diplomatic Security Agents at U.S. embassies and consulates abroad.
Similarly, he assisted in the Arizona House to pass a law to allow honorably discharged veterans to obtain a security guard I.D. card without a waiting period, thus enabling veterans to begin working as soon as their discharges were complete.
He did not consider himself a hero, but an ordinary man in service of the nation he so loved.
However, Michael's greatest service was not in work, but in friendship.
He lived by the following words: If you cannot stand, I will lift you.
If you cannot walk, I will carry you.
If you are blind, I will see for you.
If you are mute, I will speak for you.
If you are deaf, I will hear for you.
If you are in fear, I will comfort you.
If you are lost, I will guide you.
If you are in danger, I will protect you.
If you need courage, I will be brave for you.
If you are confused, I will reassure you.
If you cannot fight, I will defend you.
And if you just need a friend, I am here for you.
After contracting COVID-19, Michael spent his final days surrounded by friends, family, and his loving wife Mariam.
He will be remembered as a man of courage, honor, and integrity.
But most of all, a friend of mine.