Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Whitley Heights Civic Association of Los Angeles, California.
The Whitley Heights Civic Association, founded in 1923 as a garden club, has represented the members of the Whitley Heights neighborhood for 100 years.
This notable achievement also earns the association the honor of being one of the longest continually operating civic associations in Los Angeles.
The Whitley Heights community was established when major land developer Hobart Johnstone Whitley commissioned architect Arthur Barnes to begin the design and construction of a new Mediterranean-style neighborhood in the Hollywood Hills.
The arched doorways and windows, iconic red-tiled roofs, and balconies were new to Los Angeles, inspired by Barnes' tour of the Mediterranean; in particular, Italy and its historic hillside towns.
With many of the homes constructed between 1918 and 1928, Whitley Heights was one of the first Hollywood developments.
The style and aesthetic of the homes as well as the secluded hillside setting, attracted many prominent residents, including Charlie Chaplin, Gloria Swanson, Bette Davis, William Faulkner, and F. Scott Fitzgerald.
In fact, the neighborhood's design was so highly regarded that many exterior features became popular in other contemporary Los Angeles developments.
Preservation of this iconic neighborhood has been a challenge in the decades since the initial development.
Construction and alteration of the Hollywood Freeway divided the original development in the 1940's and 1960's, during which almost 50 homes were demolished.
In the 1980's, after the demolition of a historic bungalow to make space for potential tract homes, actor Brian Moore, president of the civic association, began advocating for the historical preservation of Whitley Heights; this resulted in the neighborhood being added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and later, into a Los Angeles Historical Preservation Overlay Zone.
The civic association works with the residents, city agencies and elected officials to ensure the preservation of this beautiful neighborhood.
It is an honor to recognize the Whitley Heights Civic Association for its commitment to preserving a historic neighborhood of Los Angeles, and I ask all Members to join me in congratulating this organization upon their centennial anniversary.