Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Alice Davis, a tenacious servant/leader, astute fundraiser and compassionate and committed humanitarian who is turning 100 this week.
A fourth generation Washingtonian, Alice Tompkins Davis is a product of the District of Columbia public school system, whose love of mathematics led to a Bachelor of Science degree from Miner Teachers College (now the University of the District of Columbia) in 1943 and graduate studies in mathematics at Catholic University.
This career path of critical thinking helped refine her methodical, detail-oriented intellect and provided a background for organized planning and execution abilities--all of which make her an invaluable leader and team player on several local and national organization and association boards and committees.
It is these specific talents and skills that served her well for decades and served the Howard University Medical Alumni Association (HUMAA) so well from 1982 to 1996 in her role as Executive Director.
While Alice Tompkins grew up in the segregated town of the District of Columbia, she was never handicapped by race or sex.
She was a 20th century leader in women's rights, civil rights, children's rights, mental health and housing, by example.
In recognition of her talents, she was chosen for several mayoral appointments including member on the DC Commission for Women, the DC Health Plan, State Health Coordinating Committee (SHCC) and 8 years on the District of Columbia Lottery and Charitable Games Board.
Her extensive leadership roles on the national and local levels for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. began in 1945.
One of her most significant achievements was the establishment of the Delta Housing Corporation of Washington, D.C. in 1977.
This landmark development project, with HUD funding of over $6.5 million, built affordable housing.
It was the first of its kind awarded to a Black women's organization.
To date, it has continued as an ongoing legacy.
As a member since 1948 and a past president of the Auxiliary to the National Medical Association, her work in health education and volunteer services set a national standard as did her National Youth Forum leadership in conjunction with the March.
Her service to the D.C. Mental Health Association began in 1967 with policy development and lobbying and being a media spokesperson and program coordinator.
Her service contribution awards, spanning over 60 years, are numerous.