Gayle Owen Averyt of Columbia, South Carolina, was born on October 13, 1933, in Montgomery, Alabama, and he died peacefully at his home in Columbia, South Carolina on May 13, 2024.
He was the second of three children of Edwin Franklin and Asenath Murfee Averyt.
Gayle's family moved into their first home in Columbia when he was five weeks old.
Gayle graduated from Dreher High School in 1951.
He went on to graduate Cum Laude from Davidson College in 1955 and was inducted into the Phi Beta Kappa Society.
He then earned an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1958.
Gayle's father, Edwin, co-founded Colonial Life & Accident Insurance Company in 1937.
Gayle joined Colonial Life after Harvard, moving through the management ranks.
In 1970, he became the Chairman of the Board and CEO after his father retired.
He held those positions until 1993 when Colonial Life merged with UNUM Corporation.
Gayle became Chairman Emeritus of Colonial Life and served on UNUM's board from 1993 until 1999.
Gayle and his wife of 61 years, Margaret ``Peg'' Finlay met on a blind date.
This was their first time meeting despite both growing up in Columbia.
Safe to say their date was a success
and they were married on June 15, 1963, at Kanuga Episcopal Conference Center in Hendersonville, North Carolina.
Gayle was generous with his time, talents and resources.
Being of service gave him priceless memories and enhanced his worldview and purpose.
He was on many boards and committees, including the Central Carolina Community Foundation, the South Carolina State Fair Association, the South Carolina Orchestra Association, the South Carolina Ports Authority and the Cultural Council of Richland and Lexington Counties.
He was an active member of Trinity Cathedral and served on the Finance Committee and in various other capacities.
As a board member, he spent countless hours helping Heathwood Hall Episcopal School and Kanuga Conference Center, two places that were very special to him.
Even after he retired, Gayle remained involved in numerous business, civic, political, educational and cultural organizations.
Some of the awards Gayle received were the Distinguished Alumni Award from Davidson College, Humanitarian of the Year from The United Way of the Midlands, Business Man of the Year from the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce, Honorary Doctor of Public Service from the University of South Carolina, and the Order of the Palmetto from Governor Carroll Campbell.
He was inducted into the South Carolina Business Hall of Fame by Junior Achievement.
Gayle led with humility and in the spirit of collaboration.
He was quick to acknowledge that he would not have achieved his accomplishments without the support of Peg, his administrative assistants, the many people who were serving alongside him, and his colleagues and employees at Colonial Life.
He said that Colonial Life gave more to him than he ever gave to the company.
Gayle exercised regularly and was a forerunner in promoting healthy living.
He established a wellness center at Colonial Life in the 1980s, offering exercise classes in which he often participated.
He and Peg played mixed doubles in tennis and began jogging in the 1970s when it was a new fad.
He took up golf in high school and shot a hole in one when he was 83.
Gayle loved to dance at any occasion where music was playing.
He hung upside down in gravity boots and practiced yoga.
He was interviewed in an article about longevity in Smart Money magazine, accompanied by a photo of him standing on his head.
Gayle was a kind and caring husband, father and grandfather.
He will be remembered for his integrity, compassionate heart and the many contributions he made towards helping others.
Gayle is survived by his wife, Margaret Finlay Averyt; his daughters, Caroline Averyt Lord and Margaret McQueen Averyt; his sisters, Ella Averyt DuBose and Dorothy Averyt Poston; his grandchildren, William Leighton Lord IV, Owen Elliott Lord and Isabelle Finlay Lord; and his six nephews and nieces.
He was predeceased by his parents and his youngest daughter, Elinor Finlay Averyt.
A nephew is State