The resolution is full of misinformation, baseless and dangerous claims, and political rhetoric that overwhelms its intended purpose and has no place in what should be an opportunity to bring Congress together in solemn reflection.
My Republican colleagues have consistently tried to blame the rise in violent crime on Democrats and locally-elected District Attorneys and with this resolution have attempted once again to label Democrats as the party of ``defund the police.''
The resolution asserts without evidence that calls to defund the police are tied to an increase in violence against law enforcement officers and further implies that locally adopted progressive criminal justice reform policies have contributed to the ``negative environment'' in which law enforcement officers work.
The Resolution fails to acknowledge that the number of officers killed in the line of duty decreased substantially each year from 586 in 2021 to 137 in 2023.
The resolution advances baseless political attacks against policies aimed at addressing decades of mass incarceration and overcriminalization, attempting to link policies such as decreased criminal penalties and no-cash bail systems with an increase in aggression and violence toward law enforcement.
The Resolution claims that House members are responsible for exemplifying a respect for the rule of law and for law enforcement but overlooks hypocritical anti-police Republican actions: The failure of Republicans to unanimously vote to award the Congressional Gold Medal to all police officers who responded to the violent January 6th attack on the Capitol and efforts like H. Con.
Res. 106 to marginalize federal law enforcement officers.
Republican efforts to defund law enforcement, whether by opposing grant funding that supports state and local agencies, or by calling to abolish federal agencies such as the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI), the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF).
For these reasons I must oppose this fatally flawed resolution--and yet another missed opportunity to support and honor law enforcement personnel across the country and those who lost their lives in the line of duty, without engaging in partisanship on this solemn occasion.