Nicole Huang established PCR in 2018, after

having successfully organized local immigrant parents and youths to

volunteer for community improvement projects and to provide mutual

assistance.
In the 5 years since, PCR has expanded rapidly, becoming an essential

service provider for Chinese-speaking community members that are in

need of culturally competent services in Sunset Park.
Every year,

hundreds of volunteers contribute countless hours through PCR to

provide services that benefit many thousands that are in need.
In

addition to promoting civic engagement and providing essential social

services, PCR also organizes community mental health workshops and

steadfastly champions mental health awareness for youths, mothers and

the elderly.
When the COVID-19 pandemic devastated New York City in 2020, PCR

stepped up to serve when the community fell into crisis.
From

collecting PPE donation and distributing them to hospitals and senior

centers, to managing a weekly community food pantry, to assisting the

victims of multiple devastating fires in Sunset Park who faced threat

of homelessness in the middle of the pandemic, Nicole Huang and her

volunteers were always on the frontline serving and uplifting the most

vulnerable.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the

ongoing work of PCR for the Chinese immigrant community of Brooklyn.
It

has made a significant contribution in making New York the vibrant city

United States and the American Dream.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MR.
WALTER RAYMOND HALL

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

life of Mr. Walter Raymond Hall.
Walter Raymond Hall was born in Anniston, Alabama.
On April 26, 1933,

he enlisted in the Civilian Conservation Corps at Fort McClellan,

Alabama, and was mustered in as a laborer with Company 463, the Forest

Service crew that built Cheaha State Park, Alabama, including the famed

Bunker Tower.
Hall was honorably discharged from service with the

Civilian Conservation Corps in June of 1934.
He began his service as a law enforcement officer in May of 1953,

when Calhoun County Sheriff A.A. ``Socco'' Pate swore Hall in as Deputy

Sheriff.
Tragically, in October of 1962 while transferring a prisoner

from Calhoun County to Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Hall was involved in a car

accident.
Walter Raymond Hall passed away in November of 1962 from

complications related to injuries sustained during the car accident.
He was laid to rest at Forestlawn Gardens in Anniston, Alabama.
He

left behind his wife, Aileen, his two children, Jerry and Gail, a

brother, Charlie, and a sister, Birdie Mae.
In 2023, Hall's name was placed on the National Law Enforcement

Memorial in Washington, D.C., as well as on the State of Alabama Law

Enforcement Memorial in Centennial Memorial Park in Anniston.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life of Mr. Walter

Raymond Hall and his service to the State of Alabama.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR.
ELBRIDGE BRUBAKER

HON.
HARRIET M. HAGEMAN

Ms. HAGEMAN.
Mr. Speaker, respect for one's neighbors and service to

one's community are the values that have built this great Nation.
However, solitary acts of kindness and assistance were not nearly

enough for Dr. Elbridge Brubaker who throughout his entire career

consistently made it his goal to improve the quality of someone's day.
Dr. Brubaker was a born and raised Wyomingite who always recognized his

lifelong dream to become a physician.
He would later realize that dream

after completing his education at the University of Wyoming in 1961 and

obtaining his medical degree from the University of Tennessee in 1965.
Upon graduating with his medical degree, he made the decision to serve

our country in the Army as the Chief Medical Officer in Montgomery,

Alabama, where he was responsible for performing physicals of potential

recruits.