From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MR.
WILLIAM FRIEDKIN

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the

life of Mr. William Friedkin, who passed away on August 7, 2023.
Mr.

Friedkin was a master filmmaker who is best known for directing such

hit films as The French Connection (1971) and The Exorcist (1973),

which went on to become highly-acclaimed.
Mr. Friedkin was born on

August 25, 1935, in Chicago, Illinois.
His parents, Louis and Rachael

Friedkin, were Jewish emigrants who fled their dangerous home country

due to religious persecution.
Mr. Friedkin attended public schools in

Chicago, where he developed a fascination with movies and television.
He began his career in entertainment and television working with WGN TV

immediately after graduating high school.
William moved to Hollywood in 1965 and shortly thereafter began to

direct hit television programs like The Alfred Hitchcock Hour and his

first feature film, Good Times, which starred Sonny and Cher.
Mr.

Friedkin released his first acclaimed film in 1971, The French

Connection, which depicted two NYPD officers who attempt to uncover a

large smuggling ring.
This film was described as one of the best films

time, having been selected for preservation in the United States

National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2005.
Following the success of his previous film, Mr. Friedkin released The

Exorcist in 1973.
The film was based on William Petter Blatty's novel

which depicted the possession of a young girl.
It is known today as one

of Hollywood's top-grossing horror movies of all time.
At a moment in

history where horror movies were not considered critically acclaimed,

The Exorcist elevated audiences' attitudes towards the entire movie

genre.
Mr. Friedkin rose to be a sought-after director in Hollywood

after the success of both films.
William's work has continued to be a

strong influence on American and international filmmakers and he

continued to direct into the final year of his life, directing a film

adaptation of author Herman Wouk's The Caine Mutiny.
Mr. Friedkin is survived by his wife of 32 years, Mrs. Sherry

Lansing, the chairwoman of Universal Music Group; and two sons, Cedric

Friedkin, a successful production manager and Jackson Friedkin, an

accomplished film editor.
May his memory be a blessing to all who knew

him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on August 23, 2023, with

Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean

War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National

Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their

courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is 1 of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

August 23rd answered our Nation's call to service during 1 of its

greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean

Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and

sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe

them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women

for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to

rise and join me in expressing gratitude.
Cody Anderson, Alfredo Angeloni, Raymond J. Ariaz, Charles R. Ashley,

William P. Atkins, Casmir R. Bachara, Lawrence A. Beaudin, Jr., Larry

Behrens, Stephen W. Bengtson, Larry D. Berger, Lawrence W. Bosshart,

Thomas J. Bowler, Lucille C. Bozek, James M. Brongiel, Sr.,