Dr. Brubaker was a born and raised Wyomingite who always recognized his

lifelong dream to become a physician.
He would later realize that dream

after completing his education at the University of Wyoming in 1961 and

obtaining his medical degree from the University of Tennessee in 1965.
Upon graduating with his medical degree, he made the decision to serve

our country in the Army as the Chief Medical Officer in Montgomery,

Alabama, where he was responsible for performing physicals of potential

recruits.
Following his time in the Army, Dr. Brubaker returned to

Casper, Wyoming, and opened a family medical practice that he operated

for over 5 decades.
His exceptional ability to provide compassionate

care was valued by each and every 1 of his patients.
However, most

importantly, he was a loving husband, father, and grandfather who

valued time with his family and the good Lord above all else.
Dr.

Brubaker's kindness and expertise have undoubtedly left a powerful mark

on the community of Casper and in the hearts of everyone who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO STANLEY (STAN) SLOSS

HON.
JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, this House is well served by the many public

servants who make up the ranks of congressional staff, and I want to

acknowledge the passing of one such public servant, Stan Sloss.
Stanley, or ``Stan'' as he was known to all those who worked with and

knew him, grew up in Glenwood Springs, Colorado, and spent his career

serving a number of Members of the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate who

represented Colorado and Alaska.
He was a legislative director to

former Representative David Skaggs and former Senator Mark Udall, who

both, at the time Stan worked for them, represented the Second

Congressional District of Colorado--a district that I am proud to

represent.
Stan dedicated his life to public service having spent 37 years in

various roles in Congress.
When he retired, at age 70, then Senator

Mark Udall, provided a tribute to Stan in a floor speech, in which he

captured the essence of what made Stan so respected and admired.
Those

who had the benefit of working with Stan during his time in Congress

can attest to the sentiments reflected in that tribute.
As Sen. Mark Udall and Rep. David Skaggs noted in their remarks, Stan

was adept at drafting legislation and constructing public policies that

were examples of legal rigor and textual precision to achieve the

desired objectives of those seeking quality solutions to challenging

issues.
His work has stood the test of time and is a model for all of

us as we work together to address the needs of our constituents and the

goals of our nation.
But it was his integrity, his willingness to work

with all sides, his respect of others' opinions, and his personal

approach of patience and good humor that he brought to all of his

endeavors that will be most remembered by those who worked with him and

valued his expertise and friendship.
Stan is survived by his sister Ellie Hanlon, as well as other family

members and everyone fortunate enough to have known and worked with

him.
Stan set the standard for professionalism, decorum, patience, and

perfected the skill of staffing congressional Members and mentoring

those who wished to learn what it takes to succeed in Congress and

crafting enduring and effective public policy.