The events that took place earlier this week in Jerusalem, and yesterday, prove that the two extremes in this conflict have no interest in peace.
Hamas benefits from the violence, and the right wing of the Israeli Government also profits as it seeks to expand Israel’s territory and subject the Palestinian people.
I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse)  and amplify the points that he made.
Following yesterday’s events, Trump and the American Administration appear to be as annoyed with Israel as the rest of the world are, so is it now time to call Israel’s bluff through the United Nations?
Is it not time to seek the engagement of blue helmets or some similar force, to enable us to say, “We, as an international community, have people on the ground.
Don’t you dare fire into that area.
Let us now trigger peace talks.”
Without that catalyst, those two extremes will just continue, along with the performative merry-go-round of “Here we go again”, condemnation, and another statement or urgent question.
I fear that in three or four years’ time, there will be rubble in Gaza, the Israeli Government will be even more of a rogue Government, and we will be no further forward.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the risks in Gaza—we have seen that rubble grow.
The British Government would support international forces going into Gaza with the agreement of the parties.
In response to  the right hon.
Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse) , I spoke about my own experience of the limitations on peacekeeping forces where there is no peace to enforce.
We are depressingly clear-eyed about the continuing intent on both sides to continue conducting violence, exactly as the right hon.
Gentleman has described.
In the past month alone, Israel has bombed Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, Tunisia and Yemen.
Yesterday, for the first time, it bombed Qatar.
What is the Government’s legal assessment of the strikes on Qatar, and do they consider them to be a violation of international law?
We utterly condemn the violation of Qatar’s sovereignty, as the House heard from the Prime Minister this morning.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  set out, the international legal tests are to do with imminence and self-defence.
There will be a session of the UN Security Council, and it will be for Israel to demonstrate how its actions are consistent with those tests.
Today of all days, after an illegal attack on peace brokers Qatar, it is shocking to see the UK roll out the red carpet for President Herzog, who has dehumanised suffering Palestinians and incited violence against civilians.
The Minister’s Government are being seen to pander to politicians who flout international law.
He rightly calls for a ceasefire; when will he call what is happening in Gaza a genocide?
President Herzog is in the UK on a private visit, so I would not characterise the visit as one for which the red carpet has been rolled out.
I reiterate that so many colleagues on the Government Benches, and I am sure colleagues on the Opposition Benches as well, are rightly very conscious of the urgency of helping people out of Gaza, ensuring that aid gets in, and ensuring that there is a ceasefire.
President Herzog is the Head of State; he is not a functional part of the Government.
He is an important conduit for raising those concerns.
This morning, among other things, the Foreign Secretary sought to ensure greater support from the Israeli Government for getting children with injuries, and students, out of Gaza.
These are difficult, practical matters on which we are focused.
I understand that some Opposition Members would perhaps prefer that we did not conduct such talks, but the Government and I are focused on the practical problems of helping people in Gaza, and the Foreign Secretary has already raised them with the President this morning.
This morning on Radio 4, an Israeli politician, Fleur Hassan-Nahoum, offered no apology for the Israeli attacks on Qatar and could not explain what makes Israel exempt from international law and able to act with impunity.
How does the Minister justify the genocidal comments of President Herzog?
These individuals must be held accountable.
What we are seeing is not diplomacy—it is shameful complicity.
Does the Minister agree that today’s meeting with Herzog should never have taken place?
I set out the position in relation to President Herzog’s visit just a minute ago.
I am not familiar with the Israeli politician in question, but I can say that the UK considers international law to be binding on all states.
Despite the atrocious terrorist attack in Jerusalem, I have to agree with  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy)  when she says that blowing up the enemy’s negotiators does not exactly suggest an interest in a negotiated solution.
However, I would like clarification on the Government’s position on recognition of a Palestinian state.
On  1 September , the then Foreign Secretary said that he proposed to recognise a Palestinian state, but that Hamas would not benefit from it, because they would have to be disarmed.
Does that mean that Hamas  must be disarmed before recognition, or will recognition go ahead, as seems to be the case, whether Hamas are disarmed or not?