I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s comments about the Duchess of Kent; she lived an exemplary life of public service, and will be very much missed.
I agree with the Prime Minister, as all of us in this House should: we stand shoulder to shoulder with Poland and all our NATO allies against Putin’s aggression.
A NATO country has just had to defend itself against Russian drones.
Now more than ever, we need our ambassador to Washington fully focused on this issue, and liaising closely with America.
Does the Prime Minister have full confidence in Peter Mandelson?
Let me start by saying that the victims of Epstein are at the forefront of our minds.
He was a despicable criminal who committed the most heinous crimes and destroyed the lives of so many women and girls.
The ambassador has repeatedly expressed his deep regret for his association with Epstein, and he is right to do so.
I have confidence in him, and he is playing an important role in the UK-US relationship.
This is interesting.
The Prime Minister says that the ambassador has expressed full regret, but the victims of the paedophile Jeffrey Epstein have called for Lord Mandelson to be sacked.
Just so the House is aware, in 2019, Jeffrey Epstein was convicted of child prostitution and sex trafficking, which took place between 2002 and 2005.
That is the precise period when Lord Mandelson called Jeffrey Epstein his “best pal”.
Was the Prime Minister aware of this intimate relationship when he appointed Lord Mandelson to be our ambassador in Washington?
As the right hon.
Lady and the House would expect, full due process was followed during this appointment, as it is with all ambassadors.
The ambassador has repeatedly expressed his deep regret, and he is right to do so.
He is now playing an important part in the US-UK relationship.
I asked the Prime Minister if he knew about the relationship.
The fact that he did not answer indicates that he probably did know.
I was not asking a question about process; I was asking a question about  his judgment.
The Daily Telegraph reported today that while Lord Mandelson was Business Secretary, he brokered a deal with Jeffrey Epstein, and that this occurred after Epstein had been convicted of child sex offences.
Given this new information, does the Prime Minister really think that it is tenable for our ambassador to remain in post?
The relationship between the US and the UK is one of our foremost relationships, and I have confidence in the ambassador in the role he is doing.
I think it is embarrassing that the Prime Minister is still saying that he has confidence in a man who was brokering deals with convicted child sex offenders while sitting in Government.
That is a disgrace.
This Government have repeatedly refused to declare Lord Mandelson’s full interests.
As part of the appointment, there will have been extensive Government vetting, covering details and timings of Peter Mandelson’s dealings with Jeffrey Epstein.
Will the Prime Minister publish all the documents, including those about Lord Mandelson’s interests?
As I say, full due process was gone through in relation to this appointment, as would be expected.
As the right hon.
Lady well knows, the publication of documents is subject to a procedure that includes an independent element.
This would have been subject to the usual procedure.