The Secretary of State for Justice will look into the matter and take up the suggestion, and I will arrange for a meeting as soon as possible.
Vaccinations were invented in Berkeley in my constituency 230 years ago and, as a GP, I have jabbed literally thousands of children and adults.
Will the Prime Minister update the House about our new roll-out of chickenpox vaccinations, which will further protect our children?
Will he also join me in condemning other political parties that give a platform to people who spread false rumours about vaccination?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great authority, and I am proud that Labour is protecting 500,000 children by rolling out chickenpox vaccines.
In stark contrast, the man who wrote Reform’s health policy has made shocking and baseless claims that vaccines are linked to cancer, and that has been endorsed by the Reform leader,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) —
[Interruption.]
They laugh at it.
These dangerous conspiracies cost lives, and this shows that Reform cannot be trusted with our NHS.
Sunnica solar farm, which runs through my constituency, was given permission by this Government, and there are more solar farm applications in the pipeline.
My constituents are concerned that these applications are being made without a land use framework, which would have provided reassurance that the competing demands for land are balanced effectively.
Will the Prime Minister commit to giving the land use framework statutory weight to ensure that land is used strategically to get the best out of it for new clean, renewable energy that genuinely benefits communities and for farmers, nature, water and housing?
It is important that we move to renewables in order to have energy independence and to keep our bills down, and this will benefit lots of communities, including the hon.
Member’s.
I want to reassure her constituents that we will of course follow process and that they will always have a say in any decisions that we make.
The leasehold system is fundamentally broken.
Thousands of leaseholders in Hendon are getting a raw deal, paying ever-rising service charges for ever-poorer service.
That is why I welcome the Government’s commitment to ending the feudal system of leasehold once and for all.
Will the Prime Minister share with the House what actions the Government are taking to help leaseholders and bring in a system of commonhold?
The previous Government shattered the dream of home ownership.
We are reforming the outdated system so that leaseholders receive stronger rights, powers and protections.
We will bring to an end the feudal leasehold system, reinvigorate commonhold and deliver the biggest boost to social affordable housing in a generation.
Since May, my constituent Sue has received thousands of pounds-worth of fines after a criminal gang in London cloned her number plate and went on a rampage through the capital.
In an age of increasingly sophisticated digital security, the number registration system seems like a remarkably analogue anachronism—it is ripe for abuse and it is failing drivers.
Will the Prime Minister look at and pick up my Vehicle Registration Marks (Misuse and Offences)
Bill, which I presented last week, to strengthen the legislation and ensure that police services have the tools they require to tackle that growing crime and protect law-abiding motorists?
I am sorry to hear about the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
That is an awful situation for anyone to find themselves in.
I will of course look at his Bill.
I am sure that the Prime Minister recalls visiting the Ukrainian community in Acton with me soon after Putin’s illegal invasion.
They still remember it fondly.
They want me to ask him whether, next week at Trump’s state visit, he will harness to the max his unique role—with influence in the US and the coalition of the willing in Europe—and redouble all efforts to find a just  peace, with security guarantees for them and war crimes punished, so that we can end this war, which has gone on far too long?
I do recall that visit—it was extremely good and very welcoming.
Our support for Ukraine remains unwavering.
The attack last night in Poland shows that Putin’s belief is that he can somehow act with impunity.
That is why we are working so hard with the coalition of the willing to ensure that there are security guarantees as we go forward.
We have made real progress in recent weeks; we must continue to ramp up the pressure on Putin.
Today is the 10th annual Back British Farming Day.
Given that the Prime Minister has been so keen on resets in recent weeks, will he reset his relationship with our farmers and reverse the family farm tax?
Let me tell the House what we are doing.
We are working with the former President of the National Farmers Union, Baroness Minette Batters, to review farm profitability—that is the key issue.
We are delivering the 25-year farming road map, and we  have struck a deal with the EU, which is of great benefit to farmers, and which of course the Conservatives say they will reverse.
That is on top of the £5 billion that we put into farming in our last Budget.
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day.
It can be scary to talk about suicide, but we need to.
So many of our constituents will know or love someone who has taken their own life, or they may have suicidal thoughts themselves.
But suicide is not inevitable; it is preventable, and everyone has a role to play in saving lives.
Will the Prime Minister reaffirm the Government’s commitment to preventing deaths by suicide and say how they are tackling this vital issue?
May I start by thanking and paying tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work as my Parliamentary Private Secretary for the past 14 months?
She has worked tirelessly and with huge commitment and respect across the whole of this House.
I think that suicide prevention matters to everybody in this House.
I will reaffirm our commitment and I will work across the House with all Members to deal with suicide prevention.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs to make a statement on the implications of Israel’s strike in Qatar for peace and stability in the middle east and for UK foreign policy.
The UK Government are deeply concerned by Israel’s strike in Doha yesterday.
As the House heard a few minutes ago from the Prime Minister, he and the Foreign Secretary have condemned these flagrant violations of Qatar’s sovereignty, which will set back the cause for peace and risk further escalation in the region.
The Prime Minister has spoken to the Emir of Qatar to express the UK’s solidarity and support and to reaffirm our shared commitment to regional stability.
The Prime Minister also gave his condolences for the death of a Qatari security officer killed in the attack.
Sadly, Qatar’s Ministry of Interior has overnight confirmed the death of a second person.
Qatar is playing a critical role in mediating the conflict, driving efforts to secure a ceasefire and to facilitate vital humanitarian access to Gaza.
That must remain the priority.
This Government continue to support it in its efforts to push for an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages cruelly detained by Hamas, the protection of civilians and the unrestricted flow of aid into Gaza as the vital first steps towards long-term peace and stability.
That is the only way to achieve lasting peace and security for Palestinians and Israelis alike.
That is why we are working with partners to develop a framework for peace that addresses governance, security, humanitarian access and political reform.
Negotiation, not more violence, is the way to achieve that.
We are actively working together with our international partners, including the G7 and the UN Security Council, to co-ordinate efforts aimed at de-escalation and to reiterate our full support for the sovereignty of Qatar.
Earlier this week, the Prime Minister met President Abbas to discuss the intolerable situation in Gaza, the need for an urgent solution to end horrific suffering and famine, and the Palestinian Authority’s reform agenda, which is vital for a two-state solution.
Today the Prime Minister will meet President Herzog of Israel and reiterate the UK’s grave concern following yesterday’s strikes, and reiterate that man-made famine in Gaza must end and the renewed offensive in Gaza must not happen.
We will continue to push for a political resolution to end this conflict and strive towards a lasting peace.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting my application for an urgent question.
I am grateful to the Minister for his statement.
Last night’s Israeli strikes against Hamas officials in Qatar heralded a new and grave escalation in this terrible conflict.
Prime Minister Netanyahu’s willingness to strike Doha will undermine efforts to secure the release of the hostages still held in Hamas captivity and set back the path to a desperately needed ceasefire.
Liberal Democrats have called for more diplomatic pressure to be placed on Hamas by the Qataris, including the threat to exile  the leadership of Hamas from Doha unless we see the immediate and unconditional release of the remaining hostages.
That is the kind of diplomatic pressure that must be brought to bear.
Instead, the Israeli Government have chosen a path that even President Trump, Netanyahu’s biggest cheerleader, appears appalled by.
Let me be clear.
Liberal Democrats support the right of the state of Israel to exist and its right to defend itself, like all nations, but Israel has obligations under international law and duties to its allies, both of which it has breached.
Can the Minister confirm whether any UK entity, including the joint command at the Al Udeid airbase, was informed by Israel of the attack in advance?
Will he confirm that, in addition to what he has already said, the Prime Minister, in his meeting with President Herzog today, will condemn yesterday’s attack in the strongest possible terms and make it clear that the UK views it as a flagrant breach of international law?
Last night’s strikes are inseparable from the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza.
They have further eroded our collective hope for an end to the suffering of both Gazans and the hostages, so it is time for meaningful action by this Government.
Will the Minister confirm that the UK will take the steps necessary today to end the export of F-35 parts to Israel, and in the light of the further egregious breaches of international law directed by Netanyahu overnight, that President Netanyahu will be sanctioned?
Mr Speaker, as you would expect and as is our usual practice, I will not be commenting on sanctions from the Dispatch Box.
The Prime Minister has set out to this House his intentions for his meeting with President Herzog later.
I can confirm that the Foreign Secretary met President Herzog this morning and raised these points among a range of others, including the urgent need both to ensure that aid gets into Gaza and that there is further Israeli support for British efforts to medically evacuate injured children and to provide fully funded scholarships to the UK.