My hon.
Friend is quite right; Qatar has played a vital role in this conflict.
I work closely with my Qatari counterparts, and not just on the urgent issues of the middle east but across a whole range of difficult conflicts.
They play a vital role and are committed—as the Emir of Qatar told the Prime Minister this morning—to continuing to play that mediation role.
I cannot see how such strikes help Qataris perform that role, but they are committed none the less to continuing it, and they have our full support.
The events of yesterday come as no surprise to those of us in the Chamber who have raised the issue of the Israeli Government’s crimes, committed with an air of complete impunity.
It should now be crystal clear to the Minister, as it is to so many across the world, that the Israeli Government are not interested in the slightest in peace, or indeed in the fate of their hostages.
In that light, I have two questions.
First, what military and intelligence assistance will we provide to the Qataris to allow them to defend themselves against further attacks?
Secondly, will the UK add its voice to the growing calls across the world for the formation of an international protection force to enter Gaza and enforce a peace?
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s first point, we are committed to Qatar’s security and defence—we have a close relationship with the Qataris on both, and we are of course in constant discussions with them about the importance of that collaboration.
On his second point about a protective force—and here I will take advantage of the question asked by  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell) , who was Secretary of State for International Development when I was posted in South Sudan with a chapter VII UN peacekeeping force, which at that time had the most far-reaching mandate to protect civilians—we in this Chamber cannot pretend that UN peacekeeping forces are able to impose peace where there is none.
There must be a ceasefire negotiation.
In Juba I saw, as did the world, the horrifying ethnic cleansing that followed the inability of the UN mission to protect people.
We must have a ceasefire.
It is easy to get distracted with other alternatives, but the truth is that only a ceasefire will protect civilians in Gaza.
Given that, under article 51 of the UN charter, any pre-emptive strike is normally regarded as justified only when a threat is imminent; that article 2(4) states that “all Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state”; and that article 51 states that “measures taken by Members in the exercise of this right of self-defence shall be immediately reported to the Security Council”, does my hon.
Friend agree that international law and the preservation and strengthening of the rules-based system is vital to the peoples of the region, the wider world, our ally Qatar and the UK?
Will he make it clear to Israel that we expect it to obey international law?
We expect Israel, alongside all of our allies, and indeed every state, to abide by international law.
My hon.
Friend sets out the relevant tests of  self-defence and imminence.
As I have said, the UK is supporting a motion for an urgent session of the Security Council this afternoon on this question.
Members have already outlined how Israel has violated international law by attacking Qatar.
Will the UK Government lay therefore down a motion at the UN to condemn the actions of Israel?
As I have said, the UK is supporting a motion for a session of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
If that motion is granted, the session is expected to take place this evening—our time.
Israel is a rogue state that blatantly disregards international law.
This bombing was a blatant attempt to scupper peace negotiations.
Pleading with Israel will do no good, so how many more war crimes or violations of international law are necessary before the Government impose the tough sanctions on Israel that are needed to force it to stop this?
I think I covered the point about sanctions earlier.
I was surprised and disappointed that there was no word from the Secretary of State in relation to the terrorist attack in Jerusalem on Monday, where terrorists opened fire on a bus, killing rabbis and women.
The reality is that Hamas’s leadership not only condoned the attack, but praised it.
Does the Minister agree that it is essential that we get to the point of having a ceasefire that allows for the release of all the hostages without conditions, and for Hamas to surrender their weapons and agree to demilitarise Gaza?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the attack in Jerusalem, which I condemn utterly and outright.
It was barbaric and, as he says, women and rabbis were killed.
The UK has no truck with it and we condemn it outright, just as we condemn all such activities by Hamas, including the taking of hostages, the events of  7 October  and the long litany of terrorist attacks that they are responsible for and glorify.
Benjamin Netanyahu’s extrajudicial killings against a sovereign western ally expose his rejection of peace and deliberate escalation of atrocities in a clear violation of international law and diplomacy.
He has destroyed the peace talks and acts with impunity.
The UK Government have rightly condemned these actions, but when will they uphold international law, call out the Israeli Prime Minister as a warmonger and perpetrator of genocide, end arms sales to Israel and impose the severe sanctions that his conduct demands?