rose— I presume there is a constituency link.
On behalf of my party, I welcome the Secretary of State to her place.
On the other side of the highlands in the royal burgh of Cromarty—it is an adjacent seat, Mr Speaker—we have an appalling situation.
I have in my constituency an old lady with a heart condition who had no means of communication whatsoever for days on end.
Will the Secretary of State have a word in the right ear to sort out this desperate situation?
If the hon.
Gentleman sends us the details, we will make that issue a top priority.
As we build the country of the future through jobs, growth and transforming public services, we cannot deliver for everybody in every part of the country unless they have the broadband coverage they need.
Three of the seven new contracts that BDUK has signed this year are in Scotland, with funding of—I believe—£287 million.
We want value for money, and the hon.
Gentleman wants to deliver for his constituents.
Together, we will make it happen.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Online Safety Act 2023 in reducing children’s exposure to harmful online content.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Online Safety Act 2023 in reducing children’s exposure to harmful online content.
Protecting children from harmful content online is a top priority for this Government and for me personally, because it is a deeply concerning issue for parents and children across the country.
Since implementing the Online Safety Act this summer, 6,000 sites have taken action to stop children seeing harmful content online, but I will be paying close attention to what is working and will not hesitate to go further if necessary.
Indeed, on Monday I added self-harm material to the list of priority offences in the Act, so if companies do not take down content that promotes self-harm or actively stop it appearing, they will face enforcement action.
I hope this shows the House my determination to take all necessary steps on this issue.
It is so gratifying to see a Watfordian at the Dispatch Box.
In my constituency of Watford, parents and families are rightly pleased with the protections being afforded to children and vulnerable people through the Online Safety Act 2023.
We would not allow a child to get into a car and drive down the road, to go into an off-licence and buy tobacco or alcohol products, or to go into an adult entertainment establishment, so does  the Secretary of State agree that children and vulnerable people need protections in the virtual world, just as they do in the physical one?
I absolutely agree, and that is why I am determined to do everything necessary to remove illegal content and to protect children from online harms.
Many years ago, when I was a member of the Science and Technology Committee, as part of a report we were doing, I spoke to children in secondary and primary schools in my constituency to see what they felt were the benefits and difficulties of being online.
It is an issue I have been concerned about for many years.
I am determined to take action, not just for the fabulous people of Watford, but for children and young people right across the country.
I also welcome my right hon.
Friend to her place.
Does she agree that Reform’s reckless plans to scrap the Online Safety Act would fail a generation of young people, including all the parents and children in my constituency of Kensington and Bayswater who have joined my local campaign to protect children online?
Yes.
If Reform Members are so concerned about the Online Safety Act, why are they not here in the Chamber asking me questions about it?
Reform wants to scrap the Act, which would mean ripping up protections that crack down on revenge porn, violent misogynistic content, and posts encouraging self-harm or suicide.
I commend my hon.
Friend on his campaign.
Families in his constituency want action, and that is what we intend to take.
Finally, we are putting child safety first by taking down illegal content, taming toxic algorithms and making age-inappropriate content harder to access.
We will go further if we need to.