When it comes to holding tech companies accountable for using copyrighted material on their platforms without consent, the Government’s Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 let down our creative industries.
The Department’s new working groups on AI and copyright include just one British tech firm, alongside a host of foreign tech competitors.
Will his Government now give our tech sector and creative industries the proper voice they deserve?
Our technology sector, our entrepreneurs and our creators are close to my heart, as I spent most of my professional life—prior to coming to this place—in those contexts.
We have consulted, we have listened and we continue to listen as a new team.
Across the board, we will look closely at the evidence and make sure that we are backing this country’s entrepreneurs and creators.
Over the last 10 days in my constituency, there have been five of the most appalling and violent acts by self-styled vigilante groups.
In each case, they livestream on Facebook Live and TikTok LIVE.
Those videos disappear, and the creators remain anonymous.
There will be a criminal justice response, but may I ask the Minister to relook at the protections for those who continue not only to abuse and act racistly in our society, but to do so under the cloak of anonymity?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point.
I am sorry and disappointed to hear of the instances he mentions.
This is an incredibly important issue.
We will look closely at the evidence base and if, under the codes of practice for illegal harm already published and implemented by Ofcom, there are found to be deficiencies in practice by any of the firms he mentions, we will, I am sure, take appropriate action.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am delighted to join the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
This is a crucial area for our country, providing  opportunities for jobs and work, and to improve our public services.
As Secretary of State, I am getting to work straight away.
As I said on Monday, I have strengthened the law to add further protections from dangerous self-harm material online.
Social media companies now have to take action to not just remove that material but prevent it from coming up in the first place, so that the internet can live up to its real potential as a place of opportunity where everyone can learn, connect and be creative, free from fear.
I, too, welcome the right hon.
Member to her place.
Her predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Hove and Portslade (Peter Kyle) , warned that losing control of artificial general intelligence would be catastrophic, yet he failed to deliver legislation to protect the public.
Will the new Secretary of State deliver on an artificial intelligence Bill, and ensure that the British people benefit from the advantages of AI, without becoming its victims?
I want to ensure that people, businesses and creatives throughout the country can benefit from the huge opportunities that technological developments in AI promise, and that people are protected, too.
It is early days in this job, and I am listening carefully to all those involved, but wherever action is required, I will take it.
What  conversations have taken place with UK Research and Innovation on the support and development of new sustainable transport technologies, and on how they might benefit constituencies such as mine, Crawley?
My hon.
Friend will know that the UK is a world leader in research and innovation.
Over the spending review period, we are delivering £86 billion for research and development—a record amount.
UKRI invests more than £300 million a year in transport innovation, and sustainability is a key focus.
Projects include work to develop new aviation fuel production technologies that could reduce emissions by up to 80%.
There is more that we can do.
I know he is passionate about this issue, and either I or my Ministers will be very happy to meet him to talk more about what we can do.
We now come to the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome her to her new position.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the new Secretary of State to her place and, of course, I welcome her stellar team.
The Minister of State, Department for Science, Innovation and Technology,  the right hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray) , is so hot that he snared two jobs from the guy who just fired him.
The Tech Secretary replaces the Ozempic of Whitehall,  the right hon.
Member for Hove and Portslade (Peter Kyle) , who claimed that his digital plan would shear £45 billion of fat from the Government.
By how much did it cut the civil service?
I believe that using tech and AI to modernise our public services enables the people who work in the public sector to spend more time on the things they want to spend time on—serving the users of  public services—and less time on red tape and bureaucracy, much of which was put in place by the hon.
Lady’s Government.
I fully agree with the right hon.
Lady, but the number of civil servants has risen to a 20-year high under Labour.
If somebody in the private sector led a reverse efficiency drive, they would get sacked; Labour made the person responsible Business Secretary.
For a welfare meltdown, you get to be the Minister for the future, but while AI is screaming for cheap electricity, the Prime Minister cannot sack his failing Energy Secretary.
Why should the tech sector believe that this is a Government of delivery?
Because this Government believe that science, technology and innovation are how this country will seize the opportunities of the future.
Unlike Opposition Members, we are determined to deliver that change for people in every part of the country, no matter where they live, because our people are our best asset.
We want to grow the economy, transform our public services, and sort out the mess left by Opposition Members.
Too  many of my constituents in Lichfield, Burntwood and the villages are struggling with appalling mobile signal.
It is a problem we see across the country, and it is often worse in rural areas.
What steps are the ministerial team taking to ensure that the Government’s review of the mobile market leads to a faster roll-out of 5G?
We cannot ensure that everybody in this country benefits from being online and from developments unless everybody is joined up to fast broadband.
We have put £1.8 billion over the spending review period into making connectivity work.
I am working closely with Building Digital UK; if my hon.
Friend has concerns about his constituents, he should come and meet me and Building Digital UK to get them online, because that is how they will seize the opportunities of the future.