We come now to shadow Foreign Secretary.
This is clearly a very, very serious moment for the middle east.
No one in this House wants to see a spiral of escalation of hostilities.
Both Israel and Qatar are important and valued strategic partners for the United Kingdom, and we value and recognise the extensive efforts by the Qatari Government to secure the release of hostages and work towards securing a ceasefire.
It is tragic, as the Minister has highlighted, that security guards were killed in this attack, but there are some fundamental issues here, and many of these points have been made from the Dispatch Box time and again.
This is a moment for our country.
Britain must contribute and provide the British expertise necessary for conflict resolution and support strong regional initiatives, including backing Qatar and the Qataris on releasing the hostages and achieving a ceasefire.
On top of that, of course, we must work with our allies in the United States, and next week’s visit from President Trump is a crucial moment.
There can be no more equivocation, as this issue continues to afflict the region day after day after day.
It is also true that we certainly should not be mourning the Hamas leaders who have been killed.
Hamas have held innocent hostages in terrorist captivity for over 700 days, and they were responsible for the atrocities of  7 October 2023 , which also killed British nationals.
In recent months, Israel has been removing terrorist actors across the middle east—the leadership of the Houthis, Hezbollah and malign individuals in the Iranian regime too.
That means that our Government must play a strong role and stand firm on degrading Iran’s nuclear capabilities and that malign influence in the region.
In recognising the sensitivity of the situation in the Gulf, will the Minister confirm what actions he and the FCDO will take to stabilise efforts to secure the release of the hostages; what proactive steps are being taken to degrade Hamas and their capabilities; and, of course, how we can work constructively with our partners in the region to drive the right outcomes, including achieving a ceasefire?