The Government are committed to transforming public services through the adoption of new technologies.
At the June spending review, Departments published their plans to deploy technologies to achieve efficiencies, but we are yet to see the detailed and fully funded road map for delivery promised by DSIT for this summer.
Will the Secretary of State commit to publishing a road map that sets out what will be delivered, who will deliver it and by when, and how much it will cost, before her appearance before my Committee as part of our digital centre of government inquiry in November?
I have a feeling that will be one of the gentler questions that my hon.
Friend asks me over the coming months.
I am a passionate public service reformer and I believe there is huge potential for technology and AI to deliver better outcomes for the people who use services and better value for taxpayers’ money.
I will definitely provide her with more detail on the questions that she asked, but let me give a fantastic example from my previous role.
In our jobcentres in Wales, there were big queues for work coaches who were helping people do their CVs.
They used AI, and it was better for the people who used the service and freed up the work  coaches to spend time with the people who most needed help.
That is a small example; we have to do more, and I will absolutely commit to setting out our further plans.
What steps her Department is taking to hold technology companies accountable for the content on their platforms.
What steps her Department is taking to hold technology companies accountable for the content on their platforms.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Through the Online Safety Act 2023, platforms now have a legal duty to protect users from illegal content and safeguard children from harmful content.
Ofcom has strong powers to hold firms to account, including fines of up to 10% of qualifying worldwide revenue.
Ofcom has made it clear that it will act where platforms fall short, and has already launched 12 investigations into suspected non-compliance.
I assure my hon.
Friends that we will continue to review this area carefully and will not hesitate to go further.