The Prime Minister cannot answer any questions.
That is not the behaviour of someone who has full confidence.
The ambassador should be in the White House, talking about how we respond to an incursion into NATO airspace; instead, he is giving interviews about himself to The Sun.
This is a man who has already had to be removed from Cabinet twice, and now we learn that he was brokering billion-pound deals with Jeffrey Epstein while he was Business Secretary.
I did not get a proper answer.
The Prime Minister is talking about process, but this is not about process; this is about judgment.
Just last week, I told him that he should sack his Deputy Prime Minister.
Labour Members were all cheering and congratulating themselves, but she was gone two days later.
His phase 2 is broken, and he has a wholly new Front-Bench team.
I will ask him again: will he ensure that these documents are published?
Will he actually instruct Peter Mandelson to publish all his correspondence with Jeffrey Epstein?
The Leader of the Opposition says that the ambassador should be in the White House, discussing NATO; he is.
We all are discussing that—we did so through a number of international calls this morning—as well as Ukraine and the attack in Doha yesterday.
I see that she is finally catching up with the questions that she should have asked last week about the Deputy Prime Minister.
In the meantime, we have opened up a new school-based nursery; on Monday, we had the defence industrial strategy; and on Tuesday, we published NHS league tables to push up standards.
We reopened Doncaster Sheffield airport yesterday, and today we have set out how we are repairing the concrete in our hospitals.
A load of waffle and whataboutery.
All Labour Members are interested in right now is their pointless deputy leadership election, while the country out there is suffering from an economic crisis.
The Prime Minister has an ambassador mired in scandal, not focusing on NATO.
He lost his Deputy Prime Minister just last week for evading taxes.
He has a new Home Secretary and a new Foreign Secretary who are just learning the ropes and not able to help with this issue.
We have strikes crippling our capital city and damaging our economy.
He could use the minimum service legislation that the Conservatives introduced to make the lives of the people out there better, but he will not, because he does not have the backbone to face down the unions.
The unions are running the Government; all the deputy leadership candidates are chasing after them.
With this Government, it is more strikes, more scandal and more chaos.
Is not the link between all this his bad decisions, his bad judgment and his total weakness?
Our deputy leader contest started this week and ends on  25 October .
The Conservatives’ leadership contest has been going on for months, and will continue for a very long time.
[Interruption.]
All this noise from the arsonists while we are putting out the fires that they left behind!
Interest rates and waiting lists are down.
Wages, investment and deportations are up.
Now we are stepping up defence spending, creating new jobs, driving up standards in our NHS and rebuilding our crumbling schools and hospitals.
This is a Government of patriots fighting for working people.
This Labour Government are getting our NHS back on its feet; there are 20,000 fewer patients on waiting lists at my local trust since the election, but there is still more to do, including making it easier to see a GP.
Will the Prime Minister set out how the Government will give my constituents in East Worthing and Shoreham access to the healthcare that they deserve?
I am pleased that we have made progress on the NHS.
We promised 2 million extra appointments in the first year of a Labour Government, and we have delivered not 2 million, not 3 million, but over 4 million extra appointments, with 2,000 extra GPs.
We are clearing up the dangerous reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in our hospitals.
The national league tables that we published this week will ensure that investment goes where it is needed most, and our 10-year health plan will see neighbourhood health centres in every community, treating patients closer to home.
There is more to do, but we have made a lot of progress.