I have said this before, but so many constituents from Yeovil—some as young as 11—have told me that they are so frustrated that Britain is not doing more.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that the Government are doing all they can  to make sure that these strikes do not break down the peace process completely and that enough aid gets into Gaza now?
The hon.
Gentleman’s young constituents are absolutely right, and I can reassure them that we are doing everything we can to try to ensure that the mediation continues, that progress towards a ceasefire is made and, of course, that aid gets into Gaza.
Blessed are the peacemakers, or so we are told—so it seems particularly wicked that Israel can deliberately target the country that is doing more to promote peace than any other in the region.
Is the tragedy of the middle east not that the Palestinians in Gaza and the Israelis in Israel are governed by deeply unpopular extremists who have no interest in peace, on either side?
After this week’s appalling murder at a bus stop in Jerusalem, the Israeli Government imposed collective punishment on the villages where those terrorists came from, removing hundreds of work permits and proceeding to start demolishing many homes.
Does Netanyahu’s decision to bomb Qatar not prove beyond doubt that he does not care about the hostages, that they are collateral damage as much as any Palestinian child, and that Israel is now a rogue state?
Must not the UK put in place severe sanctions against this rogue state to prove our word?
I am glad to be answering questions from my hon.
Friend again, as he has been a persistent advocate on these matters.
There is deep concern about events.
The attack in Jerusalem was horrific, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) .
The developments in the west bank, both over the summer and before, are deeply concerning, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising them.
We will continue to keep all measures under review, as he would expect.
We have taken far-reaching actions, with three waves of sanctions targeted in particular on violent settlers.
We will continue to keep such options under review as developments proceed.
Let us look at the facts behind Israel’s strike.
We have a bunch of terrorists who have been sitting in the safety of Qatar for years, organising and financing acts of terror, including the mass murder of civilians in Israel this week, and boasting about their involvement in it.
Is it not an advance that those people are eliminated and it is made clear to them that they will face the consequences of the terror that they organise?
Is showing them that they will be pursued and punished, and that they will not win, not more likely to drive them to the peace table than to continue their acts of terror?
We have condemned the strike, and I do so again.
It violates Qatar’s sovereignty.
Obviously, the question of the facts of the strike will now be contested, and, as I said earlier, the Qatari Government are releasing those facts as they conduct a full investigation.
Regardless of anybody else, there were Qatari officials killed in the strike, and it was a violation of Qatar’s sovereignty.
For that reason alone, it is worth condemning.
What security information is now shared with Israel?
Is the information collected by the more than 600 Royal Air Force flights over Gaza being used to guide the Israeli bombardment  of buildings in Gaza City and other places?
Are we still continuing security co-operation with a country that has bombed almost every neighbouring state over the past year?
For reasons the House will understand, I will not give a lengthy commentary on security and intelligence matters, but I can confirm to the right hon.
Gentleman that we do not provide any information to aid in targeting strikes in Gaza in the way that he described.
As a seasoned diplomat, does the Minister recognise that there is a danger that we are holding Israel to a different standard?
When the Americans reached out into Pakistan to snuff out Osama bin Laden, the architect of 9/11, we were taking them to the bar; when Israel reaches out with a precision decapitation strike on the leadership of Hamas, we want to take it to the bar of the international court.
The hon.
Gentleman does make me feel rather seasoned, as I was in Pakistan at that time.
As I said earlier, the tests in international law are self-defence and imminence.
Not every state agrees on the thresholds for those tests, but it is the expectation of the British Government with all our partners and allies—indeed, with every state—that they demonstrate how they are complying with international law regardless of who they are.
I am pleased to have the Minister’s confirmation that, despite yesterday’s egregious actions by Israel, Qatar will continue its commitment to pursue the peace that we all long for in the middle east.
To that end, the Government have said that they would commit to recognising a state of Palestine before the United Nations General Assembly if Israel failed to meet certain conditions.
Has Israel failed to meet those conditions, and will the Government recognise Palestine as a matter of urgency?