I join the Prime Minister in sending our condolences to His Majesty and the royal family on the death of the Duchess of Kent.
I also echo the Prime Minister’s condemnation of Netanyahu’s attacks on Qatar.
Those are not the actions of a leader truly focused on getting hostages home.
I hope that the Prime Minister will say that directly to President Herzog later today.
On World Suicide Prevention Day, I thank all who are working to prevent suicides, from professionals to charities like the Samaritans.
When I talk to parents of disabled children, there is one complaint about Government that comes up time and again: all the hoops that parents must jump through, be it dealing with EHCPs, the DWP or HMRC.
Caring is exhausting enough without all the forms, and the rules that show no understanding of the realities of life as a carer.
That is something that Emily
and I know well, and something that the former Deputy Prime Minister brought attention to last week.
Will the Prime Minister work with carers across the House to overhaul systems for family carers, so that Government works much better for people looking after their loved ones?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman; there are too many hurdles and too many hoops that have to be gone through.
That is why we are simplifying the system, and we will, of course, work across the House with all those who want to achieve that outcome.
May I also thank those dealing with suicide prevention?
Probably everybody in this House knows someone who has taken their life.
It touches all of us and we must do everything we can, together, to prevent suicide.
Moving on, as the Leader of the Opposition said, Lord Mandelson has admitted to continuing his relationship long after Epstein was convicted, and that there are more embarrassing details that we do not yet know.
People will be surprised by the Prime Minister giving Ambassador Mandelson such strong support today.
Will he tell the House whether he has asked the ambassador what other compromising material the Trump Administration might have on him as he leads Britain’s negotiations with the White House?
As I have made clear to the House, full due process was gone through when the appointment was made.
My constituent Connor Edwards lives with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and craniocervical instability, which, in his words, means his head is slowly falling off his body.
Having once enjoyed fishing and mountain biking, at the age of 30 Connor is now largely bed-bound and says his condition has destroyed his quality of life.
He is having to crowdfund for treatment in Spain because the NHS cannot give him the help he needs.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that I, Connor and EDS charities have a meeting with the Minister to discuss what more we can do to give thousands of people like Connor their freedom back?
I have read through the details of Connor’s case, which has just been summarised.
It is heartbreaking.
I thank my hon.
Friend for consistently campaigning and championing all those affected.
I will make sure that he gets the meetings he needs so that we can hear from Connor and others and learn from their experience.
Gaza is a graveyard.
Yet rather than end arms sales, extend sanctions and stand by international law, the Prime Minister will today welcome into his home—a home entrusted to him by the people of these isles—the man who called for the collective punishment of the Palestinian people  and who signed the artillery shells that destroyed their homes, their families and their friends; a man who will ignore every word the Prime Minister says.
Would he invite Vladimir Putin into No. 10?
Would he invite Benjamin Netanyahu into No. 10?
What does it say of this Prime Minister that he will harbour this man while children starve?
For the record, we have suspended arms that could be used in Gaza, we have sanctioned extremists and we have suspended trade talks.
The point the right hon.
Gentleman raises is a very serious one.
We all want an outcome that ensures that there is peace, that the hostages get out, that aid gets in and that there is a two-state outcome.
It is the only way we will get peace in a region that has suffered conflict for a very, very long time.
I will not give up on diplomacy—that is the politics of students.
Let’s talk about fracking.
It contaminates the water table, it causes air pollution and the test drilling in Lancashire led to earthquakes.
Will the Prime Minister stand up to the climate deniers?
Will he ban fracking once and for all?
Does he agree that those who are backing it are supporting fracking stupid reform?
We will ban fracking for good, and let us be absolutely clear that the biggest risk to energy prices is staying hooked on volatile international fossil fuel markets.
In stark contrast, Reform is ignoring local communities, putting green jobs and investment at risk and committing to higher bills by warning renewable companies not to invest.
That is shocking.
A few short weeks ago, a constituent of mine died in a tragic fire at the Lady Bailey residential park in Winterborne Whitechurch.
The fire was attended by 50 Dorset and Wiltshire firefighters and others.
This summer alone, 900 grassland, woodland and crop fires have equalled the busiest year on record for that fire service, and I extend my thanks to all of them for all that they do.
The Prime Minister will be aware that rural funding is always an issue and that the delivery of rural services is always a challenge.
Will he arrange for the relevant Minister at the Home Office to meet me and senior officials in that fire service to discuss the needs of our rural area to ensure that my constituents and those across the counties of Dorset and Wiltshire are kept as safe as they possibly can be?
I am very sorry to hear about the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises, and I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the friends and family of the constituent that he referenced.
Indeed, our thoughts are with all those affected, particularly farmers, and I want to join him in thanking our firefighters, who have worked tirelessly to keep people safe.
We have provided Dorset and Wiltshire fire and rescue authority with an increased budget of almost £75 million, but I will ensure that he gets the meeting he has asked for to ensure that we can properly support our firefighters and protect our farmland.
This morning, I spoke to the parents of a young man who is unemployed in my constituency.
There are  20 people on the dole in my area for every job that is advertised.
Unemployment is a personal crisis and a social crisis.
Will the Prime Minister join me in reminding the House that unemployment is not a price worth paying, which the Conservatives clearly believe, and will he indicate that he will break with the failed economic orthodoxy that suggests that such a thing is true?
I am pleased that the employment rate is up, that inactivity is down and that we have created over 380,000 jobs since we have been in power.
Going further, I know that my hon.
Friend, as a proud Yorkshireman, will welcome the reopening of Doncaster Sheffield airport just yesterday, which was made possible by the decisions we have made.
That is a Labour mayor working with a Labour Government to create jobs across the country.
Fifty-one Israeli arms companies are exhibiting at the Defence and Security Equipment International arms fair in London this week, and some of them even boast that their products are battle tested.
We all know what that means: that they have been used to kill men, women and children.
This Government often ask us what more we expect them to do when it comes to Gaza.
Here is one thing: will be Prime Minister stop Israeli arms dealers parading their Gaza-tested weapons on UK soil?
We have very clear and strict rules in relation to this, and we have taken action in relation to arms sales.