The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary then and now have been clear that the Prime Minister will make a determination in advance of the UN General Assembly high-level week, in accordance with the language set out in the statement of July.
The right hon.
Member makes important points about what the previous Foreign Secretary said about Hamas.
We must remember that Hamas are not in favour of two states; they are in favour of one state from the river to the sea, and that is not the position of the British Government, and nor is it should we take the decisions outlined in July.
We all want to see peace, the hostages returned and an end to the man-made famine in Gaza, but this attack on a sovereign nation so closely tied to the peace talks undermines all that.
It is as awful as it is counterproductive, so what can we do to ensure that the pursuit of peace is more than just lip service for the Netanyahu Government?
My hon.
Friend has been a persistent advocate on these questions, and I look forward to continuing to answer his questions from the Dispatch Box.
He should not, though, be more pessimistic about the prospects of continued mediation and the Qataris themselves, particularly given that they are very much on the closest edge to this issue.
We will continue to support them in their efforts.
They are vital and, for all the reasons we have discussed this afternoon, the only way through.
We keep talking about a ceasefire, but how can one be achieved if one side is intent on killing the negotiators from the other?
Attacking peace negotiators is simply reprehensible and undermines any possibility of the only thing—dialogue—that has any chance of bringing a resolution to the horrors in Gaza.
It is not the action of a state seeking peace; it is the action of a rogue state operating with impunity completely outside international law, crossing red line after red line.
I ask the Minister again: given that repeated crossing of new red lines, what action will he match his condemnation with?
Will he stop all arms sales, all military co-operation, all intelligence-sharing and all defence deals, current and future, with Israel?
Will he sanction Netanyahu and all officials complicit in the war crimes and genocide in Gaza?
I have set out already in this session our condemnation of the strikes, the sanctions taken against extremist figures in the Israeli Government and the other measures we have taken.
In relation to action that follows from the strike on Doha, the Foreign Secretary will shortly be in touch with her E3 colleagues, and we hope that there will be a Security Council session this evening.