Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 23, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 29

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on Ukrainian culture in wartime.
RHOB-2359

JUNE 4

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine supporting Georgia's

sovereignty and democracy.
TBA

JUNE 5

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the budget of the

Federal Highway Administration.
JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF LORAIN COUNTY'S BICENTENNIAL

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Bicentennial of

Lorain County, Ohio.
The perseverance of pioneers and settlers to

overcome the challenges faced during the early years of the county's

history has persisted throughout the past 200 years.
The hard work and

spirit shown by generations of county residents have made Lorain County

an outstanding example of American ingenuity.
In 1822, the Ohio Legislature enacted legislation creating Lorain

County; however, the county became judicially independent in 1824.
The

original proposed name for the county was ``Colerain'', but the final

name ``Lorain'' was chosen by Heman Ely, who had previously founded and

named the City of Elyria.
The county's name is based on the former

German and now French province of Lorraine and encompasses roughly 923

square miles.
The county is an asset to the great State of Ohio through

its many contributions in the fields of manufacturing and agriculture.
Mr. Speaker, by remembering the 200th Anniversary of Lorain County,

community members recognize the outstanding achievements, maintain the

pioneer attitude, and strive to better their county through the

principles on which it was founded.
Thank you and congratulations to

Lorain County on this significant milestone.