Title: CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF NAPERVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
89

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF NAPERVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Naperville Fire

Department as they mark 150 years of dedicated service across the

Naperville community.
With more than 200 employees, ten active fire

stations, and six consecutive years of international accreditation, the

department is an outstanding model of excellence in its field.
Established in 1874 after Naperville's first purchase of firefighting

equipment, the department has pursued its mission of responding to

calls and promoting public education programs.
Over the years, the

Naperville Fire Department has evolved to meet the changing needs of

the community, adopting new technologies and techniques to ensure the

highest level of safety and protection for its residents.
The Naperville Fire Department has played a crucial role in educating

the public about fire safety and prevention.
Through its various

outreach programs and initiatives, the department has empowered

residents with the knowledge and skills needed to protect themselves

and their families in the event of a fire.
This commitment to public

education is vital and has undoubtedly saved countless lives over the

years.
As we celebrate the Naperville Fire Department's 150th anniversary,

let us take a moment to recognize and appreciate the tireless efforts

of its employees.
Their dedication to the community is truly inspiring,

and we are grateful for their unwavering commitment to keeping us safe.
I am proud to represent such a distinguished department, and I ask my

colleagues to join me in commending the Naperville Fire Department for

its outstanding service and dedication to the community in their

remarkable 150 years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT LAI CHING-TE

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the American people extend

congratulations to the Honorable Lai Ching-te on being sworn in as

President of Taiwan on Monday, May 20, 2024.
His successful 28-year

career in politics as Vice President and Premier under President Tsai

Ing-wen, Chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), 1st Mayor

of Tainan, and Member of the Legislative Yuan demonstrates his ability

to be a strong leader for the people of Taiwan.
Additionally, the vibrant democracy of the Republic of China (Taiwan)

has elected Hsiao Bi-Khim as Vice President.
During her four terms in

the Legislative Yuan, she focused on agriculture and transportation in

her district of Hualien, along with championing issues such as gender

equality, foreign affairs, and human rights.
My appreciation of the people of Chinese heritage is personal as I am

the only member of Congress serving as the son of a Flying Tiger in

World War II to liberate China.
My father, First Lieutenant Hugh

deVeaux Wilson with the U.S. Army Air Corps developed a great affection

for the people of China.
Lai Ching-te's presidency extends the rule of the DPP, which China

views with skepticism, as the party promotes Taiwanese nationalism and

identity, and supports the people of Taiwan's right to decide their own

future.
Taiwan continues to face rising threats from China, as almost daily,

military warplanes and vessels are sent toward them, many of which

crossing the median line in the Taiwan Strait.
Sadly, incursions into

Taiwan's air defense zone nearly doubled in 2022 and continued at a

high pace in 2023 with 1,738 incursions.
In December of 2022, 71

Chinese aircraft flew

into Taiwanese airspace, the largest breach in history.
On May 15,

2024, Taiwan's National Defense Ministry reported 45 Chinese military

aircraft around the island, in just one day.
With these growing

tensions, the pressure on President Lai to balance security risks with

promises of protecting the independence of Taiwan are high.
Though the United States does not have official relations with

Taiwan, the people of Taiwan have our unwavering support.