SAM HILL AND MRS.
LILLIAN HILL

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Sam Hill

and Mrs. Lillian Hill for their lifetime of service to their community.
Throughout their lives, Dr. and Mrs. Hill have dedicated their time

and energy to serving their community.
Throughout their career in the

field of education--Dr. Hill as the provost of Northern Virginia

Community College and Mrs. Hill teaching students who are deaf and hard

of hearing--they continuously provided students with guidance and

instruction that prepared them for their next steps.
Along the way,

they have also volunteered with countless local organizations, donated

their expertise and time as board members of various organizations, and

have been involved with the Hylton Performing Arts Center since its

inception.
Their commitment to service is clear and worthy of

recognition.
Their devotion to the betterment of their community, and the selfless

mentality they bring to their volunteer work, serves as a shining

example that we all can strive to follow.
To pay tribute to Dr. and

Mrs. Hill for their years of dedicated service, the Hylton Performing

Arts Center honored them both at their 14th Anniversary Gala.
It is my

pleasure to congratulate Dr. and Mrs. Hill on this well-deserved

recognition of their legacy of public service and commitment to

education in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating and thanking Dr. Sam Hill

and Mrs. Lillian Hill.
Their contributions to the Commonwealth of

Virginia will continue to uplift our neighbors for generations to come

and I look forward to celebrating their continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GARY GREEN

HON.
LOIS FRANKEL

Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to

congratulate Gary Green, a long-time constituent of Palm Beach County,

for being inducted into California's Music Hall of Fame and Museum.
Mr.

Green, known as the ``Outlaw Folksinger'' created music with an

important message.
Mr. Green's artistry in lyrics served as a rallying cry for social

change and inspired a generation of writers to utilize music as a tool

for organizing and activism.
Mr. Green's albums are a part of the

Smithsonian Institution's Folkways Collection.
His musical significance

and impact as a musician were recognized when the late Pete Seegar

said, ``There should be a ballad of Gary Green.''
In turmoil times,

where speaking out on social issues was frowned upon, Mr. Green

continued to press forward.
He is a true trailblazer, performing music

of inclusive and transformative lyrics, at civil rights, labor, anti-

war, and LGBTQ+ movements.
I am honored to congratulate Mr. Green for his successful

contributions to both the art and social movements.
I am confident that

he will continue his life path of exceptional work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRESTON SHARP

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very special

young man, Preston Sharp, for his passion, commitment, and

accomplishments in honoring our nation's veterans.
Preston is a resident of Shasta County, a loving son, and grandson

with a heart of gold.
His hard work and devotion to honor veterans in

our community and our country will be felt for generations.
On Veterans Day in 2015, when Preston was just 10 years old, he

visited the grave of his grandfather, a Navy veteran, at a local

Redding cemetery.
He placed a flag and flowers on his grandfather's

headstone to thank him for his sacrifice.
As he looked around, he was

troubled by the lack of flags and flowers at the gravesites of all the

other veterans.
With encouragement from his loving mother and

grandmother, Preston used that compassion to make a positive change in

the world.