On May 15,

2024, Taiwan's National Defense Ministry reported 45 Chinese military

aircraft around the island, in just one day.
With these growing

tensions, the pressure on President Lai to balance security risks with

promises of protecting the independence of Taiwan are high.
Though the United States does not have official relations with

Taiwan, the people of Taiwan have our unwavering support.
We remain the

island's most significant arms supplier and international backer,

having approved over $8 billion in military aid last month in the

National Security Supplemental Aid Package to support Taiwan and other

key allies in the Indo-Pacific confronting Chinese aggression.
President Lai's priorities for Taiwan align with his predecessor Tsai

Ing-wen, with plans to boost defenses, including increasing military

budgets, improving its military force structure, and concentrating on

economical mobile weapons systems and more vigorous civil defense.
Domestic reform is one of his top priorities, including social spending

for the improvement of national health insurance and redirecting

economic policy from motives for certain industries to developing more

service sector jobs and encouraging domestic consumption.
Lai has retained the majority of the Tsai team, including her foreign

minister, Joseph Wu, who now leads his National Security Council, and

former NSC head Wellington Koo, who now is the defense minister.
He

also recruited several private-sector executives for his cabinet,

prominently JW Kuo, chair of Topco.
Along with the Lai administration,

I look forward to working with Taiwan's ambassador to the U.S.,

Ambassador Alexander Yui.
The inauguration of President Lai Ching-te at the presidential office

building in central Taipei featured an overwhelming amount of support

for him, as crowds, including a show of marching bands and performers,

gathered in a nearby plaza to show their support and listen to his

inauguration speech.
A bipartisan delegation of former senior U.S.

officials, including former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage,

also attended the inauguration.
Sadly, we are in a war we did not choose, between dictators with Rule

of Gun invading democracies with Rule of Law.
We must stand firm to

protect the borders of Taiwan, Ukraine, Israel, and the United States.
I am confident in the leadership of President Lai Ching-te as Taiwan

continues to face adversities to keep their allies who acknowledge them

as a sovereign nation, amidst pressure from the Chinese Communist

Party.
I look forward to working with President Lai Ching-te on achieving

Peace Through Strength, advancing our shared interests, strengthening

our longstanding informal relationship, and maintaining stability

across the Taiwan Strait.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DENTON COUNTY CHAMBERS WASHINGTON, D.C. FLY IN

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the members of

the Denton County leadership delegation who are visiting Washington,

D.C. this week.
The Denton County Chambers come to visit every two

years, and I am once again honored to host them this year.
I value these trips as they give our local leaders an insight and

first-hand experience of what's happening here on the Hill.
Legislation

that we work on highly affects our communities back home.
I am pleased

to offer this opportunity and welcome the members of the Denton County

Chambers to our Nation's Capitol.
I would like to thank them for their continued collaboration with my

office in ensuring the economic prosperity of Denton County, making

Texas the best place to live, work, and raise a family.
I would like to include in the Record the following names of the

Denton County delegation:

Lisa Carignan, Doug Carignan, Erin Carter, Lori Fickling, Nina

Hernandez, Kelly Heslep, Cindi Howard, Jon Kixmiller, William Meredith,

Jim Moll, Kelly Murray, Scott Murray, Claire Powell, Sally Quezada,

Ingrid Rex, Ryan Schroer, Kristi Tucker, Elliott Tucker, Ben Utley,

Lori Walker, Neal Walker, and Charlotte Wilcox.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
SAM HILL AND MRS.
LILLIAN HILL

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.