Quite a celebrated accomplishment.
Preston is now planning on taking his cause overseas to Normandy for

the 80th anniversary of D-Day.
He will be placing 17,000 American flags

and red carnation flowers at every gravestone, saying each veteran's

name out loud, and thanking them for their service.
This young man reminds us that we all have a sacred duty to honor and

remember those who served and sacrificed for our nation, no matter how

old we are.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF KEN AXELSON

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ken

Axelson; a World War II veteran and cherished member of the Wanamingo

community, who passed away on April 11th, just a week after celebrating

his 100th birthday.
Ken graduated from Red Wing High School in 1943, and afterwards--like

many in the Greatest Generation--he answered the call to serve his

country.
As a combat medic for the U.S. Army, Ken landed on Omaha Beach on D-

Day, and was later transferred to the 101st Airborne Division.
During

the Siege of Bastogne, he and his unit were held captive by German

forces for five months before they were liberated by U.S. troops.
When he returned home from the war, Ken married his wife, Billie, and

raised their six children in Wanamingo, where Ken was active in the

community, working as a carpenter, building inspector, and

photographer.
When he wasn't doing what he loved--spending time outdoors--Ken was

giving back to those around him.
He served on the Wanamingo City

Council, while also giving his time to the volunteer fire department

and the Wanamingo VFW.
Ken was a true embodiment of who we are in southern Minnesota.
He

served his country, put his family first, and was never too busy to

lend a hand to a fellow neighbor.
He leaves behind a legacy that will long be remembered.
May he rest

in peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE HOUSEHOLD GOODS SHIPPING CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Household Goods

Shipping Consumer Protection Act.
This bill would give the Federal

Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) more authority to protect

consumers from fraud in the interstate transportation of household

goods.
Specifically, this bill would give FMCSA the authority to assess

civil penalties against unregistered shippers and against entities that

hold consumers' personal goods hostage, give FMCSA the express

authority to reimburse states for enforcing federal consumer protection

laws related to the transportation of household goods and establish

requirements to ensure that motor carriers, brokers and freight

forwarders that seek registration are operating legitimate businesses.
Representative Mike Ezell is co-leading this bill with me.
FMCSA receives thousands of complaints every year from Americans who

are the victims of fraud in the shipment of household goods.
Fraudsters

have launched moving companies with fake 5-star online reviews to draw

in customers, intending to overcharge customers or to hold their

personal goods hostage until an additional fee is paid.
After receiving

negative reviews, fraudsters open a new moving company under a new name

and a new FMCSA license.
FMCSA lacks the authority to prevent and

punish these types of fraud.
In 2019, a Department of Transportation Administrative Law Judge

(ALJ) ruled that FMCSA lacks authority to assess civil penalties for

violations of commercial regulations and registration requirements,

including unauthorized brokerage and for failure to return household

goods to consumers.
Under current law, as interpreted by the ALJ's

decision and final agency order, FMCSA may not assess civil penalties

for violations of commercial regulations.
Instead, the Department of

Justice must initiate an action in federal court.