BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a notable

constituent from my district, Mr. Darren Corson of Newtown,

Pennsylvania who is retiring after over 40 years of dedicated service

as a Public Servant.
Darren graduated from Temple University with a bachelor's degree in

accounting.
After graduation, Darren made the decision to devote his

career to public service and joined the Department of Treasury's

Internal Revenue Service (IRS) where he remained for over 40 years.
During his career, Darren spent time working in many parts of the

IRS, including Criminal Investigations Division, Exam, and Problem

Resolution.
In 2000, Darren joined the Taxpayer Advocate Service after

Congress ordered the creation of a Taxpayer Advocate as an independent

organization within the IRS.
Since then, he has worked tirelessly to advocate for the rights of

taxpayers facing individual and systemic issues.
However, after forty

years of dedicated government service and leadership, Darren is

retiring.
Today, I am proud to recognize Darren Corson as an individual who has

devoted his career to public service in an organization that impacts

all Americans across the country.
We are incredibly grateful for the

impact Darren Corson has made throughout his long career at the

Internal Revenue Service.
As an avid sports fan, he will enjoy spending

more time rooting for the Phillies.
We are all incredibly grateful for the positive impact Darren has had

through his long career, and we wish him countless blessings during his

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MINNESOTA STATE UNIVERSITY MANKATO MAVERICKS

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize this year's NCAA

Division Two Men's and Women's Basketball Champions: the Minnesota

State University Mankato Mavericks.
Both Mankato's men's team and women's team took home this year's

championship trophy--making the Mavericks the first school in forty

years to win a double national championship.
In fact, it's only the

third time in history that any school won both the men's and women's

championships in the same season.
Under the leadership of Coach Matt Mergenthaler, Mankato's men's team

earned their first national title by defeating Nova Southeastern 88 to

85, finishing with a 35 and 2 record, while Coach Emilee Thiesse's

women's team defeated Texas Woman's University 89 to 73, securing their

second-ever national title and ending the season with a record of 32 to

5.
Thanks to the tireless leadership and encouragement from the teams'

coaches, staff, families, classmates, and community--these talented

young men and women earned a state championship title and all of us

across southern Minnesota are incredibly proud to call them our own.
Congratulations to the Mavericks on an unbelievable season.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 23, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 29

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on Ukrainian culture in wartime.
RHOB-2359

JUNE 4

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine supporting Georgia's

sovereignty and democracy.