In 2019, a Department of Transportation Administrative Law Judge

(ALJ) ruled that FMCSA lacks authority to assess civil penalties for

violations of commercial regulations and registration requirements,

including unauthorized brokerage and for failure to return household

goods to consumers.
Under current law, as interpreted by the ALJ's

decision and final agency order, FMCSA may not assess civil penalties

for violations of commercial regulations.
Instead, the Department of

Justice must initiate an action in federal court.
This bill would

reverse the ALJ's decision and provide explicit authority for FMCSA to

adjudicate and assess civil penalties for unfair business practices and

consumer protection violations, as well as give FMCSA authority to

enforce roadway safety regulations against fraudsters.
This bill would also provide explicit authority to FMCSA to withhold

registration from any applicant that fails to provide a valid principal

place of business or disclose common ownership with any other

registered entities at the time of registration.
Household goods

carriers, brokers and freight forwarders have registered

with addresses where no legitimate operations take place, often

designating their official address as a retail package store, vacant

parking lot or business address unrelated to the registered entity.
FMCSA already requires motor carriers to designate a principal place of

business and disclose common ownership.
However, FMCSA may only take

enforcement action after the entity is already registered and refuses

to cooperate with investigations at the designated address.
This bill would also permit states to use Motor Carrier Safety

Assistance Program and High Priority program funding to conduct

commercial regulatory and consumer protection standard reviews and

enforcement actions against household goods motor carriers, brokers and

freight forwarders.
It would also clarify that states may retain the

penalties and fines imposed in proceedings relating to violations of

household goods statutes and regulations.
These provisions would

support states in their efforts to protect the American people from

predatory practices.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER

Mr. RUPPERSBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I had to miss yesterday's vote due to

being stuck in traffic.
During that time, I was unable to make Roll

Call vote No.
219.
Had I been present, I would have voted in the

following manner: YEA on Roll Call No.
219, On Motion to Suspend the

Rules and Pass, as Amended, the Federal Disaster Tax Relief Act.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BERNIE RICKE

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Bernie Ricke,

former president of UAW Local 600, based in Dearborn, Michigan, for his

hard work on behalf of workers across Southeast Michigan.
Mr. Ricke joined UAW Local 600 as a member in 1973 when he was hired

at Ford Motor Company's Detroit Parts Distribution Center.
He rose

through the ranks of the union's leadership, serving in many roles

including Financial Secretary, Bargaining Committee-person, and Vice

President before holding the role of President from 2009 until 2023.
Mr. Ricke played a key role in negotiating national labor contracts for

Ford laborers over the past twenty years, amassing gains for workers

and keeping jobs from being eliminated.
He drew experience from his

start as an hourly worker while keeping an eye towards the future to

lead with compassion and advocate for the workers' best interests.
Please join me in recognizing the numerous and remarkable

contributions of Mr. Bernie Ricke to Southeast Michigan, and Michigan's

12th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DARREN CORSON'S RETIREMENT AFTER 40 YEARS OF SERVICE WITH

THE IRS

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a notable

constituent from my district, Mr. Darren Corson of Newtown,

Pennsylvania who is retiring after over 40 years of dedicated service

as a Public Servant.
Darren graduated from Temple University with a bachelor's degree in

accounting.