Promote readiness: Accessible modernized fitness facilities sufficient to enable all Midshipmen to maintain physical readiness standards required of USN Reserve officers; NCAA- standard facilities for all athletes; Health and wellness center.
Facilitate leadership development: Weapons range; enhanced waterfront facilities; band facility.
Attract a diverse pool of applicants to ensure USMMA enrolls the best and the brightest.
Provide continuing education and industry engagement facilities: Maritime Center of Excellence for research, innovation, and policy development; MSCE accreditation required post-graduate continuing education opportunities; Maritime industry leadership conference capability.
Maintain a secure facility and a safe environment: secure campus at a level necessary to protect a federal facility; centralized security/access control at main gate and academy facilities; fencing and monitoring of campus boundaries; cyber-secure, modernized IT network.
Master Planning Process and Principles: The 82-acre campus is a unique, historically significant property.
Our plan is designed to modernize the campus without expanding its current footprint.
The Education District includes the original 1943 academic buildings, barracks, and administrative offices that form the hub of the campus.
The Waterfront District includes Eldridge Pool, the Memorial Arbors, the Chapel, Yocum Sailing Center, the USCG Station, Samuels Hall and Crowninshield/Cressy Pier.
The Physical Training and Athletics District includes all the Academy's athletic facilities.
The Community District encompasses all of the McNulty Campus, including faculty housing and the museum.
A second community district south of the Education District includes senior staff housing, the Patten Health Clinic, and the Midshipmen Activities Center.
Program Cost Summary: Construction: Academic Center $116M; Activity Center $42.2M; Aquatic Readiness Center $65.6M; Leadership Development and Readiness Center $133.1M; Parking Structures $50.7M; Federal Maritime Center of Excellence $49.1M; Senior Staff/Faculty Housing $12.2M; Crowninshield Pier Replacement $31.7M; Waterfront Sailing Center $19.2M. New construction subtotal: $519.8M. Facility Renovation & Upgrades: Samuels Hall Renovation Completion $8.8M; Campus Security and Waterfront Improvements $28.3M; GIS and Upgrade Academy Utilities $95.4M; Main Gate and Campus Security Upgrade $53.9M; Bowditch Hall and Steamboat Road Improvements $76.4M; Existing Building Renovations $94.8M. Facility Renovation/Upgrades Subtotal: $357.6M. Design: $91.1M. Program Management: $51.3M. Total Program Cost: $1019.8M. Maritime Security Infrastructure Council Members: John D. Cameron, Jr., P.E. Managing Partner, Cameron Engineering & Associates, LLP: Mr. Cameron oversees the firm's consulting engineering services, which specializes in public and private sector engineering such as site development, energy management; water quality management planning, waterfront protection and resilience; roadway, drainage, utilities and infrastructure improvement; planning; building systems; building department services, and construction management.
The firm's work has included major mixed use, residential, commercial and industrial projects as well as brownfields and waterfront projects.
He is a frequent spokesperson on regional planning, sustainability, economic development issues for Long Island and beyond.
LTG

Bill Grisoli (Ret.)
Distinguished Chair of Civil Engineering and Chair of the Civil Engineering Advisory Board, USMA: LTG Bill Grisoli is currently serving as the Distinguished Chair of Civil Engineering and Chair of the Civil Engineering Advisory Board at USMA.
He spent 39 years on active duty and retired in 2015 as the Director of the Army Staff.
Prior to his retirement, LTG Grisoli held a wide variety of engineer command assignments at the Company, Battalion.
Brigade, and Army Corps of Engineers Division level.
His staff assignments include Director of the Army's Business Transformation Office and Director of Program Analysis and Evaluation Office, G-8.
LTG Grisoli was born in NYC and graduated from USMA in 1976.
Lloyd C. Caldwell, P.E. SES, US Army Corps of Engineers (Ret.):
Mr. Caldwell served until 2020 as the national Director of Military Programs responsible for the policy and technical functions of the Corps' worldwide program for engineering, design, construction, real estate and environmental activities.
He was responsible for military construction and installation support at the USMA and the USAFA.
From 2005 to 2010, he was the Director of Programs for the N. Atlantic Division responsible for military and civil works and the Director of Programs for the Gulf Region Division in Iraq.