Hartsfield-Jackson, he was pivotal in the airport's growth and its recognition as the world's busiest and most efficient airport.
Under B's leadership the airport completed numerous major capital projects, making use of transformative investments totaling billions of dollars and positioning Hartsfield-Jackson as the model of success for all large airport hubs across the nation.
B oversaw pivotal projects such as the creation of the airport's fifth runway, the Consolidated Rental Car Center, the Maynard H. Jackson International Terminal--the most extensive hold baggage screening system in the country, and countless other terminal renovation projects.
B's expertise in the airport and aviation space has been invaluable as he and I worked closely to deliver future projects through the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to continue to grow Atlanta's airport.
But it's not just the billions of dollars he helped deliver to the airport that made B a great General Manager, it was B's leadership and the ability to reinforce his mission and vision to over 63,000 employees at Hansfield-Jackson and the 400,000 jobs supported by the airport.
His mission was to bring all those directly or indirectly employed to see themselves as one team, delivering excellence while connecting our community to the world.
During unprecedented times like the COVID-19 pandemic, B's leadership and management were critical.
He weathered the operational and commercial challenges that came with the pandemic through close coordination with airline partners and his team.
B understood what made Hartsfield-Jackson the busiest and most efficient airport in the world was a commitment to an excellent customer experience.
He delivered on that even through the challenges of a global pandemic.
His philosophy centered around three P's: ``People, Purpose, and Performance.''
B's philosophy helped make Hartsfield-Jackson the largest employer in the state of Georgia and contributed to a regional economic impact of 66 billion dollars.
Numbers can't tell the whole story of B's impact, and for the past two years, Hartsfield-Jackson has been awarded the ACI-Airport Service Quality award for the Best Airport in the world for arrivals.
Today, I honor and celebrate B's service, commitment and contribution to the Fighting Fifth, and while I will miss our conversations and his physical presence in the airport, I want it to be known in the halls of Congress that our success in the district was made possible by my friend and Co-Conspirator for Justice, Balram ``B'' Bheodari.
Please join me in recognizing B's outstanding career in service to HartsfieldJackson Atlanta International Airport and Georgia's Fighting Fifth Congressional District.