Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Carlos `Slinger' Berdecia of the United States Air Force upon his retirement from the U.S. Military after more than 23 years of service.
Colonel Berdecia was born and raised in Bayamon, Puerto Rico, and graduated from the University of North Carolina with a Bachelor of Science in marketing.
He also holds a Master of Business Administration from the City University.
Colonel Berdecia began his flying career in 2003 at Joint Base Lewis McChord in Washington State, flying the C-17A Globemaster III with the 8th and 10th Airlift Squadrons.
He quickly upgraded in the `Mighty Moose' from Co-Pilot to Instructor Pilot in just four years, flying combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
After his assignment at McChord, Colonel Berdecia taught the newest C-17A pilots in the 58th Airlift Squadron at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma.
There, he was accepted to the United States Air Force Weapons School, where he graduated in 2009 and earned the callsign `Slinger.'
After his time at Altus, Colonel Berdecia moved to Charleston, South Carolina, and became a member of the Special Operations Low Level community in the 16th Airlift Squadron, where he executed missions in support of the Combined Joint Chiefs.
In 2014, he was selected to work as the AFRICOM J3's Executive Officer in Stuttgart, Germany, and in 2017, was chosen to return to Altus and Command his previous Squadron, the 58th Airlift Squadron `Rat Pack.'
Due the trust and confidence his leadership had in his ability to lead, Colonel Berdecia was selected as a Secretary of Defense Executive Fellow with Team Rubicon in Los Angeles, California.
After his time in Los Angeles, Slinger was assigned to the Pentagon, and after a tour on staff with the Joint Staff, he was brought back to the C-17A.
His final assignment in the Air Force was that of the 437th Operations Group Commander at Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina, leading the men and women of Air Mobility Command's Premier Operations Group.
Colonel Berdecia's exemplary service to the United States Air Force spans more than 23 years and 5,000 hours in airlift aircraft.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my Congressional colleagues and a grateful country, I extend our deepest appreciation to Colonel Carlos `Slinger' Berdecia and his wife Eva for their dedicated service to the United States Air Force and our country.