Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of an extraordinary Marylander, John ``Paul'' Molloy, who we lost two years ago this week.
Paul was a public servant and a former Capitol Hill staffer with a storied career in both the House and Senate, having helped craft and pass such landmark laws as the National Rail Passenger Act of 1970 establishing AMTRAK, the Resource Recovery and Conservation Act of 1976, the nation's bedrock law governing the safe disposal of solid and hazardous waste.
He was always committed to bipartisanship and insisted on celebrating the passage of every bipartisan law with the teams--Democrats and Republicans alike--who made them happen.
Even in the midst of all these professional achievements, all was not as it seemed.
In 1975, Paul found himself living on the streets, divorced and alone because of his stubborn battle with alcoholism.
Fortunately, Paul was able to seek help and begin the long road to recovery.
He checked himself into a Montgomery County-run halfway house in Silver Spring.
This started a new chapter in his life that would in turn come to touch the lives of so many others in similar situations.
When the County-run halfway house closed, Paul joined with his fellow residents to take over the house's management.
They all agreed: they would split the rent and utilities equally; they would all contribute to the cooking and cleaning together; and they would accompany one another to treatment.
If anyone relapsed, they would have to leave to protect the health of their fellow residents.
They called this new sober-supportive living environment ``Oxford House,'' and began a new addiction recovery model that would spread across the country and the world.
Today, there are over 3,300 Oxford Houses helping people maintain their sobriety in a supportive environment.
The reason the first Oxford House wasn't the only Oxford House is simple--one of its cofounders was a congressional staffer.
Paul had the knowledge, experience and contacts that proved instrumental in passing provisions in the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 that created a revolving loan fund for supportive sobriety models like Oxford House.
This fund was instrumental in establishing the network of recovery residences that has spread across the country.
From the 1980s until the end of his life, Paul found renewed purpose as the Director of Oxford House, overseeing its resident-driven expansion into new neighborhoods and new states.
Even as Paul carefully stewarded the expansion of new Oxford Houses, he was