Title: COMMEMORATING THE INVESTITURE OF DR.
HARRISON KELLER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
178

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE INVESTITURE OF DR.
HARRISON KELLER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the investiture

of Dr. Harrison Keller, Ph.D., as the 17th president of the University

of North Texas.
Dr. Keller received his bachelor's degree from the University of

Notre Dame and earned a master's degree and Ph.D. in philosophy from

Georgetown University.
He began his career as a legislative aide in the

Texas House of Representatives and Senate before becoming Director of

Research and Senior Education Advisor.
Dr. Keller also taught courses

at the University of Texas at Austin, Georgetown, and St. Edward's

University.
He later served as the Deputy to the President for Strategy

and Policy at UT Austin as well as Vice Provost for Higher Education

Policy and Research and Executive Director of the Center for Teaching

and Learning.
In this role, Dr. Keller developed several educational

initiatives, including OnRamps, to provide high school students with

the opportunity to earn college credit to UT Austin at low cost.
Prior to arriving at UNT, Dr. Keller served as Commissioner of Higher

Education and chief executive officer of the Texas Higher Education

Coordinating Board.
Under his outstanding leadership, the Board

advocated for policies and programs to help low-income and first-

generation college students be successful.
Moreover, Dr. Keller worked

with state legislators to improve access to financial aid and workforce

education.
His tenure as commissioner allowed Texas to lead nationwide

in higher education and university research.
I am pleased to recognize

Dr. Keller today for his dedication to student success and commitment

to strengthening UNT's status as a Tier One Research University.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of this historic occasion.
Congratulations to

Dr. Keller, and I wish him the very best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MICHELLE BAKER

HON.
GREG LOPEZ

Mr. LOPEZ.
Mr. Speaker, Colorado high school women's volleyball coach

Michelle Baker was recently awarded the Horizon Award from the Colorado

High School Athletics Association.
This award is presented to Michelle

for the significant improvements to Wiggins High School's volleyball

program she has brought about over the past few years.
Her dedication

to her team and the women's volleyball program at Wiggins High is an

inspiration to all.
Every student deserves the opportunity to compete in sports.
Coaches

like Michelle make that possible by coaching their players towards

success on and off the court, teaching them skills like discipline,

teamwork, and work ethic that will benefit them for years to come.
It is my distinct privilege as the United States Representative of

the 4th District of Colorado, to congratulate Michelle for her hard

work in achieving this award, and for improving Wiggins High School's

women's volleyball team.
Her dedication to the development of Colorado

athletics cannot be understated, and I encourage Michelle to continue

cultivating the best women's volleyball program at Wiggins High for the

betterment of her players and the school at large.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE CHEYENNE WELLS FOOTBALL TEAM

HON.
GREG LOPEZ

Mr. LOPEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Cheyenne

Wells Football team for winning the A6 State Championship with an

undefeated record.
Their overwhelming victory over Stratton, who won the past two A6

state championships, is a testament to the teamwork and determination

of each and every member of the team.
I say thank you to all the

players for setting an example that will serve as an inspiration for

future generations of high school athletes.