I often say that

representation itself begins with listening, which is why I am so

grateful that our own ``Dear Abbey'' has lent her considerable talents

to me--and our entire community--for the past three years.
Abbey

upholds the very foundation of our democracy by ensuring every

Minnesotan who has an idea, question, or criticism to share is treated

with compassion, receives a response, and is invited to continue a

thoughtful dialogue with my office--no matter their politics.
Abbey embodies the spirit of radical hospitality, is quick to

internalize and act upon strategy, and has capably forged a new path in

congressional communications.
Abbey creatively transformed our email

and mass communications program into a branding superpower and is the

only communications professional we know to have received unprovoked

thanks from constituents on the receiving end of mass emails--high

praise in the age of digital spam.
Her innovative approach to

congressional communications has been identified by the Chief

Administrative Officer of the House as best-in-class and helped propel

me to a leadership position on the House Democratic Policy and

Communications Committee in 2022.
In addition to her outstanding work products, Abbey is a thoughtful

and supportive teammate--always willing to lend a hand when needs

arise.
She is bright, energetic, and always looking outside the box to

accomplish the goals of the office.
Abbey brings optimism and a can-do

attitude to whatever projects she is a part of.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I

wish Abbey all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for

almost four years of faithful service to this Nation in my office.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DIRECTOR OF ADVOCACY, TAYLOR MILLS, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK

ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Director of

Advocacy, Taylor Mills, for her work on behalf of every constituent in

Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I am thrilled that the end of

my time in Congress will not be the end of Taylor's service to the

district, as she will now become the District Director for my

successor, Congresswoman-Elect Kelly Morrison, and I could not be more

proud or grateful for her service.
Born and raised in Minnesota, Taylor earned a double major in

Political Science and Justice and Peace Studies with a concentration in

public policy analysis and advocacy from St. Catherine University and

the University of St. Thomas.
After college, she was offered the job of

a lifetime in the Office of Governor Mark Dayton and (then) Lieutenant

Governor Tina Smith.
Her passion for constituent services and community

engagement were fostered there until Governor Dayton's retirement.
In

early March of 2020, she was called upon to return to the Governor's

Office, as the Director of Constituent Services and Public Engagement

for Governor Tim Walz and Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan.
While

there, she helped lead the team through multiple crisis situations

including: COVID-19, the murders of George Floyd and Daunte Wright, and

unprecedented numbers of constituent correspondence, casework, and

community feedback.
Transitioning from State Government to Federal,

Taylor has brought a wealth of experience with her as she continues to

build bridges in my office as the Director of Advocacy.
Taylor is a seasoned professional with sound judgement, and her broad

experience has proven invaluable.
She is a problem solver and creative

thinker--eager to rethink systems and processes that are no longer

serving their purposes.
Taylor is a thoughtful and caring manager who

invests her time helping her team grow professionally while also

getting to know them personally.
Taylor is a fierce defender of the first amendment and capably

coached my team members through moments of protest and celebration.
Taylor is a natural in the community, building productive relationships

and holding space for diverging viewpoints.