Taylor is a thoughtful and caring manager who

invests her time helping her team grow professionally while also

getting to know them personally.
Taylor is a fierce defender of the first amendment and capably

coached my team members through moments of protest and celebration.
Taylor is a natural in the community, building productive relationships

and holding space for diverging viewpoints.
Her approach to getting to

the heart of the matter is most admirable as she does so in a gentle

yet determined way.
Taylor is Radical Hospitality in action--when you

talk to her, you have her full attention.
Taylor's bright spirit and

warmth was a welcome addition to our office in a time of uncertainty

and we instantly benefitted from her skills as a team-builder, morale-

booster, and candy-dish-stocker.
Those who know Taylor well know that she is the biggest ``Swiftie'',

the proudest of dog moms to her goldendoodle Ruthie (named in honor of

her idol, Ruth Bader Ginsburg), and is fiercely passionate about making

positive change in the world.
She is incredibly kind, a listening ear

to anybody who needs it, and a powerhouse in this work as a servant

leader.
She is a true professional in this field, and it has been a joy

and an honor working with her over the past year and a half.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and I'm extraordinarily happy that

she will continue to do this work and serve the Nation and the people

of Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I wish Taylor all the best

in her future endeavors and thank her for her service to this Nation in

my office--and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JULIAN A. PURDY

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the service of Julian A.

Purdy, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Policy of Veterans' Employment

and Training Service (VETS) in the U.S. Department of Labor.
The Deputy

Assistant Secretary previously served on our Committee's staff, and has

proven his dedication to America's veterans, servicemembers, and their

families over his impressive career thus far.
Mr. Purdy's career began with his time as a Counterintelligence Agent

and Human Intelligence Collector in the U.S. Army Reserves from 2004-

2012.
During this time, Mr. Purdy deployed in support of Operation

Iraqi Freedom.
He balanced his obligations in the Reserves with

service-oriented civilian careers, including working as an instructor

for future military intelligence Soldiers.
Following his military service, Mr. Purdy began a career within the

Federal Government, first with the House of Representatives.
As a

Legislative Assistant for Rep. Adam Smith (WA-9), he managed a diverse

portfolio of policy issues, including veteran affairs, gun reform and

criminal justice.
While serving as a Professional Staff Member on the

House VA Committee's Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, Mr. Purdy was

responsible for policy related to veteran transition, education,

employment and housing.
Since arriving at the DOL, Mr. Purdy has led numerous critical

projects, including overseeing President Biden's White House Initiative

on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity

through Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
Further, he

spearheaded the DOL signing MOUs with HBCUs to ensure veterans

attending HBCUs leverage the programs available through American Job

Centers.
Additionally, Mr. Purdy led the Office of Strategic Outreach in

aligning with the White House's Defense Industrial Base strategy by

addressing critical labor shortages.
This effort included supporting

the Department of the Navy to strengthen national security through

workforce solutions for building submarines and warships.
I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Mr. Purdy for his

outstanding professional achievements and his dedicated service to our

Nation and its Veterans.