I

thank Sean Morgan.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MINNESOTA HOUSE REPRESENTATIVE JOHN PETERSBURG

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of

Minnesota House Representative John Petersburg.
First elected in 2012

to represent District 24A, Representative Petersburg has served the

people of Minnesota honorably in the State House for the past twelve

years.
John grew up on a farm and has exemplified a profound willingness to

serve throughout his career.
Many know him to be a dedicated father and

husband, as well as a respected leader in his community.
The priorities of the people of Waseca and Steele counties have

always been at the forefront of Representative Petersburg's service in

the Legislature, particularly through his continued leadership in the

many House committees on which he has served throughout the years.
Representative Petersburg has done an exemplary job of leading on

issues--most notably, his instrumental work on the completion of the

historic U.S. Highway 14 corridor between New Ulm and Rochester.
All of us across southern Minnesota have been wellserved by

Representative Petersburg's time in office, and I wish him the warmest

congratulations on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RABBI IRVING ``YITZ'' GREENBERG

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Irving ``Yitz'' Greenberg,

a visionary scholar, teacher, author, and lecturer whose career

spanning more than 65 years has profoundly influenced Jewish thought

and practice while relating deeply to universal human values.
His

pioneering work, grounded in the core value of choosing life and

improving society through goodness in every action, carries insights

that resonate far beyond any single religion or tradition.
Rabbi Greenberg envisions a future shaped by a profound reverence for

life in all its forms, inspiring us to build a more unified,

compassionate, and humane world.
Central to this vision is the

traditional Jewish belief in Tzelem Elokim--the conviction that all

humans are created in the image of God, underscoring the inherent

dignity and worth of every person.
Rabbi Greenberg's contributions extend far beyond ideas and

scholarship to the institutions he has created and shaped, institutions

that continue to embody his vision, often challenging traditional norms

to inspire growth and progress.
As leader of the Soviet Jewry movement,

rabbi of a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Riverdale, and co-founder of

SAR academy, a day school in my district of the Bronx, Rabbi Greenberg

has served the Jewish community in numerous capacities.
He has been a

professor and chair of the Jewish Studies Department at City College of

New York, president of CLAL and the Jewish Life Network/Steinhardt

Foundation, and executive director of the President's Commission on the

Holocaust.
His leadership extended to chairing the U.S. Holocaust

Memorial Museum.
In fact, Rabbi Greenberg was among the first to teach

college-level courses on the Holocaust in the mid-1960s.
As a Modern Orthodox philosopher, Rabbi Greenberg has addressed the

profound challenges posed by the Holocaust, framing it as a

transformative moment that altered the relationship between man and

God, and shattered the Jewish world, one that had to rebuild itself and

create a new, life-affirming reality.
His narrative of Jewish life in a

post-Holocaust

world emphasizes resilience, responsibility, and the power of moral

action.
He described this period as the ``Third Great Era'' in Jewish

history--an era marked by Jewish self-determination.
This era would be

defined by Jews taking full responsibility for their own destiny, from

the establishment of the State of Israel to the creation of new

Diaspora institutions that would celebrate and sustain the full

spectrum of Jewish religiuos and ethnic identity.
Now, at 91, Rabbi

Greenberg explores this core principle of Tzelem Elokim in ``The

Triumph of Life: A Narrative Theology of Judaism'', a profound magnum

opus that encapsulates the breadth of his teachings.