Jim attended law school at the

University of Mississippi and obtained his LLB degree.
His academic

achievements earned him president of his senior class while in law

school, and his job as assistant to the Business Manager of Athletics

encouraged his love of sports.
As an outdoorsman, Jim took his love for sports to the field.
From

hunting and fishing to playing tennis, Jim enjoyed all sorts of sports.
Of all the sports, Jim loved tennis best.
He was known across

Brookhaven for his willingness to teach young students how to play

tennis.
His children and grandchildren also received hands-on

instruction from Jim on the sport.
As a hunter, Jim received the Ducks

Unlimited Award in 1987 for his contributions to waterfowl

conservation.
The great outdoors gave Jim a deep love for the Lord and his

creation.
Jim was an active member of Faith Presbyterian Church in

Brookhaven.
While a member, he jumped at opportunities to serve and

give back to the Lord.
He served as a deacon, chairman of the

deaconate, Sunday school teacher, president of the Men of the church,

and served as an advisor to the Senior High Fellowship.
The time he

spent both outside and in service to the church was with deep purpose

and conviction.
Jim was a devoted family man who loved God above all.
His legacy of

service will live on throughout the communities that he impacted.
He

never shied away from meeting with people and setting an example of how

to love others well.
Jim was always generous with his time and presence

to those who knew him.
I know that he is missed by his family and

community.
I am honored for a chance to remember a lifelong

Mississippian who loved his community and invested in those around him.
I hope people across the Third District of Mississippi will see the

value in serving the community around them as Jim did.
I am thankful to

serve a district that is home to people like James ``Jim'' William

Elliott, Jr.

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEPUTY COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, ABIGAIL FUCHS FOR HER

EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Deputy

Communications Director, Abigail Fuchs, for her work on behalf of every

constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I could not be

more proud or grateful for her service.
Abbey grew up in Minnesota's Third Congressional District in the

suburbs of Minneapolis (Maple Grove and Edina, Minnesota).
After

graduating from Edina High School, she went on to attend the University

of St. Thomas where she played on the Women's Soccer Team, ran track,

and graduated with a degree in marketing.
Abbey worked in campaign

finance right out of college and then transitioned to my office in 2021

where she began as a Legislative Correspondent, was promoted to

Constituent Communications Specialist, and finally held the title of

Deputy Communications Director.
Abbey is a team player at work and in

her personal life, where she uses her athletic and leadership skills to

inspire the next generation as a youth soccer coach.
Like my grandmother, the legendary advice columnist Dear Abby, I

believe in the transformative power of listening.
I often say that

representation itself begins with listening, which is why I am so

grateful that our own ``Dear Abbey'' has lent her considerable talents

to me--and our entire community--for the past three years.
Abbey

upholds the very foundation of our democracy by ensuring every

Minnesotan who has an idea, question, or criticism to share is treated

with compassion, receives a response, and is invited to continue a

thoughtful dialogue with my office--no matter their politics.
Abbey embodies the spirit of radical hospitality, is quick to

internalize and act upon strategy, and has capably forged a new path in

congressional communications.