The Flying

Cloud, launched in 1927, was known for its advanced hydraulic brakes,

which set a new benchmark in automotive safety.
The 1931 REO Royale

featured a streamlined design that made it a true trendsetter in

American car design.
Although REO ceased car production in 1936 to focus exclusively on

truck manufacturing, the company remained a force in the industry.
During World War II, REO Motor Car Company contributed to the war

effort, supplying trucks to U.S. allies in a time of great need.
REO

continued to produce trucks until 1975, ending more than 70 years of

innovation and service in the automotive industry.
Today, the legacy of REO Motor Car Company is preserved by the R.E.

Olds Transportation Museum in Lansing.
The museum stands as a tribute

to both the company and its visionary founder, Ransom E. Olds,

displaying a collection of rare and historic vehicles that allow

visitors to appreciate the craftsmanship and ingenuity that defined

REO.
Through these exhibits, the museum ensures that the company's

contributions to the auto industry are remembered and celebrated.
As we recognize the 120th anniversary of the REO Motor Car Company's

founding, let us acknowledge not only the vehicles it produced but also

its impact on the city of Lansing and generations of residents.
It is

with great respect that I honor the REO Motor Car Company here in the

United States House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF OMER NEUTRA

HON.
ANDREW R. GARBARINO

Mr. GARBARINO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my sadness at the

devastating news that Long Island native Omer Neutra, 21, was among the

47 Americans slaughtered by Hamas during the brutal October 7th

massacre.
Growing up on Long Island, Omer was a cherished and active

member of his community at the Schechter School of Long Island, Midway

Jewish Center, and as a participant in Jewish youth summer programs.
Those who knew Omer will miss his magnetic, fun-loving personality and

joyful spirit.
My heart is with Omer's parents, Ronen and Orna, and his

brother, Daniel, who have fought tirelessly to bring Omer home.
May

Omer's memory be a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND REMEMBERING FELLOW MISSISSIPPIAN JAMES ``JIM'' WILLIAM

ELLIOTT, JR.
HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember a

Mississippian whose infectious personality and energetic spirit will

always be remembered by those who knew him.
James ``Jim'' William

Elliott, Jr. from Brookhaven, Mississippi, lived the embodiment of the

American Dream.
He loved God, family, and cheering for his favorite

sports teams: the Ole Miss Rebels, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta

Braves.
Jim was generous with his time and found his greatest joy in

connecting with others.
No matter how busy life was, Jim was there to

lend a listening ear and take time to enjoy family.
Born in Jackson, Mississippi, in 1931, Jim graduated from Central

High School in 1949.
After graduation, he attended the University of

Mississippi where he excelled in academics and extracurricular

activities.
He was a member of the Kappa Alpha Order, president of the

Cardinal Club, president of the School of Liberal Arts, and a Cadet

Colonel of the Air R.O.T.C.

Jim served his country for two years in the United States Air Force

as 1st Lieutenant and a legal officer.
His time in the Air Force taught

him the value of serving his country and what it means to uphold life,

liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Jim attended law school at the

University of Mississippi and obtained his LLB degree.
His academic

achievements earned him president of his senior class while in law

school, and his job as assistant to the Business Manager of Athletics

encouraged his love of sports.
As an outdoorsman, Jim took his love for sports to the field.