That's why I nominated

her not once, but twice to the Air Force Academy.
The Academy itself

recognized her potential and asked her to attend the U.S. Air Force

Preparatory School.
Ava successfully completed that program this May, and she was home

for just a short break before heading off to basic training and

beginning her next chapter at the Air Force Academy.
Our staff had

spoken with her about her abbreviated summer break and could hear in

her voice how excited she was to start a career in service to her

beloved country.
While kayaking with friends on Grapevine Lake, Ava's life was taken

in a senseless, preventable tragedy.
Our entire office is heartbroken

about her loss and grieved for Ava's

family, friends, coaches, and teammates.
I am grateful local and

federal law enforcement took swift action to apprehend those

responsible, as that was the bare minimum we owe to Ava and to every

American family trying to raise children in peace and safety.
I had the privilege of speaking with Ava's father, a man of great

faith, kindness, and forgiveness.
Even in the face of unimaginable

loss, he told me he was remaining hopeful and positive, because, in his

words, ``that's how Ava would have wanted it.''
That tells you

everything you need to know about the kind of young woman Ava was, and

the family who raised her.
They chose to honor her life not with sorrow, but with a coming home

memorial, a celebration of how she stood as an incredible example for

all those around her.
This past week, Ava was laid to rest with full

military honors, as family and friends gathered to celebrate her grace,

dignity, character, and strength.
Our Nation is at a loss with Ava's passing.
She was leading a life of

service as a young woman whose dream was to protect and defend the very

freedoms we enjoy in this country today.
She was taken far too soon.
May we honor Ava by remembering the incredible young woman that she

was and may God bring peace to her family knowing that though her time

on earth was cut short, her legacy and her example will last with all

of us.
We ask the Lord to bless and receive His servant, Ava Moore.
She

has come home.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING E.J. BASLER CO.
HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize E.J. Basler Co.

in Schiller Park, Illinois.
E.J. Basler Co., a family-owned manufacturing company, has been based

in Schiller Park since 1957.
The company was built on the core values

of quality and customer service, founded by Erv and Anne Basler,

children of immigrants.
Now in its third generation of family

leadership, E.J. Basler Co. is run by Dennis and Brian Basler.
Their

ongoing commitment to responsive service and high-quality manufacturing

has supported strong, long-term relationships with clients and vendors

in Illinois' fifth district and across the globe.
E.J. Basler Co. has

achieved lasting success by staying true to its original values while

evolving with current times.
E.J. Basler Co. offers precision machinery services that leverage

different techniques, cutting-edge technology, and expertise to create

the most cost-effective solutions for customers.
They manufacture from

iconel, brass, steel, plastic, and copper.
Manufacturing is crucial to

the global economy, and E.J. Basler Co. delivers high-quality solutions

across industries, working with the best of agriculture, plumbing,

automotive, industrial, defense, and medical companies.
The close

proximity to E.J. Basler Co. and its valuable services offer companies

in Illinois' fifth district a competitive advantage and drive economic

development within the district.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

longstanding dedication and success of E.J. Basler Co. I am honored to

have such an exceptional company in my district.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL GOODWIN

HON.