It has lifted up local Black institutions like Crispus Attucks

High School and the Madam Walker Manufacturing Company, while promoting

civic engagement and public health.
In recent decades, the Recorder has continued to evolve under

visionary leadership.
From William G. Mays' preservation of its legacy

to Shannon Williams' modernization of operations, and now under Robert

Shegog, the Recorder has expanded its reach through digital innovation,

multimedia platforms, and award-winning journalism--earning over one

hundred honors in just the past few years.
Today, with more than 120,000 weekly readers, the Recorder is not

just a newspaper--it's a living institution.
Through initiatives like

Recorder Charities, the JAWS youth journalism program, and the Minority

Business Review, it continues to invest in the future of media and

enrich civic life in Indiana.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the

Indianapolis Recorder Newspaper on its 130th anniversary.
May the

Recorder's legacy of truth, service, and advocacy continue to inspire

and inform for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JOE MOORE

HON.
JOHN W. ROSE

Mr. ROSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life of

Joe Moore.
who passed away in late March at the age of 90.
Moore lived

a life dedicated to agriculture.
I, along with many other current and

former Tennessee FFA members, consider him to be a mentor, a role

model, and indeed a hero.
The Time Magazine cover was published after he was named the FFA Star

Farmer of America in 1955.
Appearing in the October 24, 1955, issue, it

shows a 21-year-old Joe Moore, the only active FFA member to make

TIME's cover.
At the FFA convention that year, judges were impressed by his farming

operation conducted in Jackson County, Tennessee, which I am honored to

represent today.
He had a net worth of $37,000 at the time--a great

deal for someone his age in the mid-1950s.
At that time, he was farming

505 arches, 85 of which he owned personally.
I often say farmers are our Nation's original conservationists.
Joe

Moore is a shining example of why I believe that to be true.
The TIME

article noted how he incorporated modern farming techniques to combat

erosion and improve soil health.
He carefully monitored the diet of his

livestock to keep them healthy.
He showed great attention to detail and

inspected his animals closely, which enabled him to detect any health

issues early.
Over the years, his family farm has taken a bit of a beating.
Very

little care was taken to where row crops went into the ground.
No

remedies for erosion had been taken.
But Joe was determined to restore

the land to richness.
He tackled years of abuse and the less-than-ideal

terrain, arguing that his rocky slopes could be as fertile as flat land

with the right amount of care.
The article even says Joe viewed

misfortune as a test of faith.
Mr. Moore found success off the farm as well.
He was the owner and

operator of the Upper Cumberland Oil Company in Cookeville,

which sold and distributed Texaco petroleum products for almost 30

years.
He also believed in giving back.
He was one of the founders of the

Granville Museum in his home community and served on its Board of

Directors.
He also served as an elder of the Liberty Church of Christ

and was a longtime supporter of FFA in Tennessee.
He is survived by his wife of more than 68 years, Ann, along with a

son, a daughter-in-law, and two grandchildren.
I want to end, Mr. Speaker, with a quote from Moore from 1955,

``farming is the closest thing to the Lord you can do.''
I could not

agree with him more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LORI TRAHAN

Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on June 10,

2025.