From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LORI TRAHAN

Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on June 10,

2025.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
162

and NAY on Roll Call No.
163.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMANDA BARLOW ON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Amanda Barlow, for the 30 years of service she has given to the Federal

Government at the Department of Health and Human Services'

Administration for Children and Families.
Ms. Barlow has been with ACF since 1994, when she joined the agency

as a presidential management intern, and then as a budget analyst.
She

became the Director of Budget in 2009 and has served as the Director of

the Office of Legislative Affairs and Budget since 2017.
Ms. Barlow has

also served in an acting capacity for several of ACF's executive

leadership positions, including the acting ACF Commissioner from

January to November 2021, and the acting Assistant Secretary for ACF

from February to May 2017.
Through her work overseeing a budget of more than $70 billion for

ACF, Ms. Barlow has played a key role supporting the programs and

services that provide critical assistance to vulnerable populations,

including Head Start and Child Care services for millions of children

and families, and the heating and cooling of millions of households

through the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program.
Over the last 30

years, these programs have helped millions of children and families

achieve prosperity and independence.
In addition to overseeing the 60-plus programs ACF administers, Ms.

Barlow has also served as ACF's liaison to the Committees on

Appropriations.
She has been an indispensable resource to the

Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education.
Her

budgetary expertise and round-the-clock responsiveness has helped the

Subcommittee to draft annual appropriations bills and emergency

supplementals--for which I am deeply grateful.
In 2024, Ms. Barlow earned the Presidential Rank Award for

Meritorious Service, one of the most prestigious awards in the Federal

career civil service, which recognizes members of the Senior Executive

Service for a sustained record of exceptional professional achievement.
It was aptly awarded and richly deserved.
I thank Ms. Barlow for her tireless public service--which often

included long days, evenings, and weekends--as she worked to ensure

that critical economic and social services programs funded through the

agency had the necessary resources to serve millions of children and

families in communities across the country.
Her talents and

contributions will be sorely missed.
I congratulate Ms. Barlow on a distinguished career and wish her the

best in her upcoming retirement.
I hope her retirement gives her more

time with family, including her husband and two children, and much

success with her community garden plot.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AVA MOORE

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor

a tremendous young woman from the Texas 24th Congressional District,

Ava Moore.
Ava was an exceptional individual.
She was a leader, a patriot, and a

bright light in our North Texas community.
From the first time we

reviewed her application to the U.S. Air Force Academy, it was clear

she was destined for greatness.
Her academic excellence, leadership,

and dedication to serving our nation stood out.
That's why I nominated

her not once, but twice to the Air Force Academy.
The Academy itself

recognized her potential and asked her to attend the U.S. Air Force

Preparatory School.
Ava successfully completed that program this May, and she was home

for just a short break before heading off to basic training and

beginning her next chapter at the Air Force Academy.