These events serve as a testament to the Chamber's

unwavering commitment to building community through commerce.
Moreover, the Orion Chamber has demonstrated exceptional dedication

to workforce development by connecting residents with meaningful

employment opportunities.
Through job postings and partnerships with

member businesses, the Chamber continues to support a robust and

resilient local labor market--contributing directly to the economic

stability and prosperity of the Orion area.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize and commend the

Orion Area Chamber of Commerce for 75 years of extraordinary service,

leadership, and impact.
Their tireless efforts to uplift local

businesses and strengthen community ties have left an indelible mark on

the region.
I extend my sincerest congratulations and best wishes for

continued success in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF DR.
BARBARA J. FINLAYSON-PITTS

HON.
JAY OBERNOLTE

Mr. OBERNOLTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Dr. Barbara J.

Finlayson-Pitts who was recently recognized as the North American

laureate of the 2025 L'Oreal-United Nations Educational Scientific and

Cultural Organization (UNESCO) For Women in Science International

Awards.
Each year, the L'Oreal-UNESCO For Women in Science International

Awards acknowledge five exceptional women from each of the world's

major regions.
Barbara was selected from an impressive pool of 466

nominees for her pioneering contributions in the realm of environmental

science and atmospheric chemistry.
On June 12, Barbara will join the

additional four laureates at the UNESCO Headquarters in Paris, France

for an official recognition of her groundbreaking research.
Barbara embodies the very best of our community's values through not

only her consistent dedication to better understanding the world around

her, but also through her passion for preparing future generations of

researchers as a professor within the University of California,

Irvine's Department of Chemistry.
Barbara holds a bachelor's degree from Trent University, and both a

master's and doctoral degree in chemistry from the University of

California, Riverside.
Barbara is a long-term resident of Big Bear

Lake--and in her spare time--she enjoys observing Big Bear Lake's

resident eagles, Jackie, Shadow, Sunny, and Gizmo.
Heather and I thank Barbara for her years of service and significant

contributions to the scientific community.
I ask my colleagues to join

me in commending Barbara on this monumental achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF CHIEF MASTER SERGEANT SHARMA J. HAYNES

HON.
JASON CROW

Mr. CROW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished

career and dedicated service of Chief Master Sergeant Sharma J. Haynes

on the occasion of her retirement from the United States Air Force.
Chief Master Sergeant Haynes has served our Nation with unwavering

commitment for over two decades, leaving an indelible mark on both the

Air Force and Space Force.
Chief Master Sergeant Haynes served as the Senior Enlisted Airman for

Space Base Delta 2 at Buckley Space Force Base in my home state of

Colorado.
In this crucial role, she was the principal advisor to the

installation commander, overseeing the morale, welfare, training,

climate, readiness, and professional development of over 1,000

personnel.
Her leadership was instrumental in ensuring the effective

execution of critical missile warning and intelligence, surveillance,

and reconnaissance missions worldwide.
Moreover, she played a vital

role in supporting the numerous wings, mission partners, and personnel

stationed at Buckley, as well as the extensive retiree community.
A native of Greenville, South Carolina, Chief Master Sergeant Haynes

entered the Air Force in 2003 and quickly established herself as a

dedicated and capable leader.
Her diverse background in financial

management included positions as Flight Chief, Enlisted Force

Development Manager, and Superintendent, with assignments and

deployments spanning the globe, from Japan and South Korea to

Afghanistan and the Pentagon.
Chief Master Sergeant Haynes' commitment to professional development

is evident in her extensive education, culminating in a Master of

Business Administration degree and completion of numerous prestigious

leadership courses.