A native of Greenville, South Carolina, Chief Master Sergeant Haynes

entered the Air Force in 2003 and quickly established herself as a

dedicated and capable leader.
Her diverse background in financial

management included positions as Flight Chief, Enlisted Force

Development Manager, and Superintendent, with assignments and

deployments spanning the globe, from Japan and South Korea to

Afghanistan and the Pentagon.
Chief Master Sergeant Haynes' commitment to professional development

is evident in her extensive education, culminating in a Master of

Business Administration degree and completion of numerous prestigious

leadership courses.
Her dedication to excellence is further highlighted

by her numerous awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal

and the Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
She has

also been recognized with multiple Airman and Noncommissioned Officer

of the Year awards throughout her career.
Chief Master Sergeant Sharma J. Haynes embodies the highest ideals of

military service.
Her leadership, dedication, and unwavering commitment

to the men and women under her charge have been exemplary.
On behalf of

the Sixth Congressional District of Colorado and a grateful Nation, I

extend my deepest gratitude to Chief Master Sergeant Haynes for her

exceptional service and wish her a long and fulfilling retirement.
Her

contributions to our Nation's security will be long remembered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TYRA YOUNGBLOOD

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Tyra Youngblood has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. Youngblood was a strong advocate for bringing in government

and non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Tyra Youngblood has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all

strive to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TYRONE YOUNG

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Tyrone Young has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, he helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Tyrone was a strong advocate for bringing in government and

non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Tyrone Young has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for his service.
May we all strive

to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.