Title: CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF THE ACADEMY FOR INTERNATIONAL DISASTER PREPAREDNESS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
101

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF THE ACADEMY FOR INTERNATIONAL DISASTER

PREPAREDNESS

HON.
CARLOS A. GIMENEZ

Mr. GIMENEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a decade of

excellence at the Academy for International Disaster Preparedness at

Florida International University.
Over the past decade, AIDP has trained and graduated more than 500

students in disaster preparedness, emergency management, and

humanitarian response.
These programs have successfully prepared students to work in local,

tribal, state, and federal government as well as in Fortune 500

companies and the private sector.
AIDP's curriculum aligns with FEMA's Next Generation Core

Competencies, focusing on four phases of emergency management:

mitigation, preparedness, response, and recovery.
Through hands on training, students, along with experts in the field,

use the frameworks of the Incident Command System and the National

incident Management System to experience complex, real-world disaster

environments.
FIU and AIDP are setting the standard for the next generation of

emergency management professionals, and I am proud to recognize their

service and leadership today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ADDYSON PANNELL ON BEING NAMED BEST STEM STUDENT BY

CONSTITUTING AMERICA

HON.
CRAIG A. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

commend an exceptional young student from my district, Addyson Pannell,

for being named Best STEM Student by Constituting America.
Addyson's achievement reflects not only her academic excellence, but

also her passion for the principles that form the foundation of our

Nation.
By combining her talents in science, technology, engineering,

and mathematics with a deep understanding of civic responsibility,

Addyson embodies the kind of engaged, thoughtful, and innovative

citizen our future depends on.
Constituting America is a nonprofit organization dedicated to

educating students about the U.S. Constitution and the importance of

civic engagement.
Addyson's recognition as Best STEM Student highlights

her outstanding contributions to promoting these values through

creative, STEM-based solutions and projects.
Her commitment to

excellence and civic education is an inspiration to her peers and a

source of pride for her community.
On behalf of the 12th Congressional District of Texas, I am proud to

recognize Addyson on this prestigious accomplishment.
I am confident

that her future holds even greater achievements, and I look forward to

seeing the continued impact she will make.
I congratulate Addyson on

this well-deserved honor and for serving as a shining example of youth

leadership in America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 130TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDIANAPOLIS RECORDER NEWSPAPER

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize an extraordinary

institution in American journalism and Black history as the

Indianapolis Recorder Newspaper celebrates its 130th anniversary.
Founded in 1895 by George P. Stewart and Will Porter as a two-page

church bulletin, the Recorder has grown into one of the most enduring

African American newspapers in the United States.
It has served as a

vital platform for truth, justice, and community empowerment,

particularly for Black Hoosiers, for over thirteen decades.
From its early advocacy against lynching and for voting rights, to

its courageous coverage during the Civil Rights Movement, to dedicated

coverage of issues impacting the Black community and all Hoosiers, the

Recorder has always championed fairness and equal representation for

all.
It has lifted up local Black institutions like Crispus Attucks

High School and the Madam Walker Manufacturing Company, while promoting

civic engagement and public health.
In recent decades, the Recorder has continued to evolve under

visionary leadership.
From William G. Mays' preservation of its legacy

to Shannon Williams' modernization of operations, and now under Robert

Shegog, the Recorder has expanded its reach through digital innovation,

multimedia platforms, and award-winning journalism--earning over one

hundred honors in just the past few years.