Mr. KIM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today one final time in this sacred chamber to thank my neighbors in the Third District of New Jersey for the honor of getting to represent them in Congress over these past six years.
It is an honor that I never thought I would have.
This was the district my parents chose to create a life and build a family.
This was the district that raised me.
I went to public schools in the same area I represent now.
I played little league on the same fields I drive by heading to meet constituents.
It's these places--and these people--that shaped me.
I am forever grateful for that.
As I grew up, I watched my parents--my mother, a nurse, and my father, a medical researcher working to find cures for cancer and Alzheimer's--work to give back to the community that gave us everything.
They had a saying that service isn't just a job, it's a way of life.
And so, it was for my community and for my parents that I served.
If service is a way of life, then it's important that you start by understanding the people you serve.
To do that, I held at least one town hall every month I served--81 in total--to hear directly from the people I represent.
Sometimes, those people didn't agree with me.
Oftentimes, I came away learning something new.
Every time, I walked away with a renewed dedication to working for them--no matter who they supported or how they labeled themselves.
From town halls to small business walks to tours of organizations just trying to help, I carry with me still a million conversations that inspired me.
Whether it was the Superstorm Sandy survivors who just wanted a fair process in rebuilding, volunteers at food pantries who just wanted to make sure that their neighbors didn't go without a good meal, or those military families who were looking for ways to give back after their service was over, I want to say thank you for every constituent who helped give me purpose.
It was that purpose that drove my actions.
Last month, I helped to cut the ribbon on a brand new VA health clinic in Ocean County--one of my first major priorities and a reminder that there should be no mountain too big to move to help our veterans.
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I was proud to deliver wins for our servicemembers, their families, and my own community.
From pay raises to better health care to improved childcare, I would like to thank every person who served and for the honor of getting to work for you as a member of the House.
And it was the purpose I derived from those conversations that helped me start to lay the groundwork for building a brighter future for our state.
From delivering on infrastructure and passing bills like the CHIPS and Science Act and the Inflation Reduction Act to make investments in the jobs of the future, we can better prepare New Jersey to lead in the rest of the 21st century.
If there is one thing I am most proud of during my six years representing my community in the House, it is the seemingly small acts that made a massive difference to our constituents.
The thousands of casework cases closed and tens of millions of dollars returned back to our community showed that public service can make an impact.
It doesn't matter if it was a passport expedited so a grandparent could see their new grandchild or critical Medicare or VA benefits secured so someone could put food on the table and pay rent, this work mattered and was our way of giving back.
No member of Congress does this alone.
While our names are on the doors, it's the people behind the doors that work every day to serve and make our communities better.
I want to thank each and every one of them for their hard work--often under very difficult conditions--to give back.
Every win that I have been lucky enough to achieve is theirs too.
As a thank you, I would like to submit their names for the record so that they can be properly recognized for the imprint they've made on this district.
My current team: Elizabeth Antonowicz, Marshall Burkhardt, Thomas Carnes, Amanda Carte, Anna Connole, Anthony DeAngelo, Kristen Foca, Ben Giovine, Danielle Giulino, Gabriela Hartney, Julianna Heck, Jason Ingle, Catherine Melman-Kenny, Hafiza Kazi, Amy Oliver, Amy Pfeiffer, Nikitha Rai, Forrest Rilling, Jerome Townsend, Lynette Whiteman.
Previous staff: Riham Amin, Sharon Anderson, Hillary Caron, Anna Conn, Gianna Djuric, Sophie Friedfeld-Gebaide, Sean Gregory, Sarah Izaak, Benjamin Kamens, Matthew Knowlton, Yujin Lee, Benjamin Olarsch, Susan Pansius, Antoinette Miles, Nathan Riggins, Cecily Scott Martin, Thomas Smith, Tyrus Stokes-Ballard, Virginia Walkey, Maura Weaver.
As I look ahead at my new role getting to serve my state, I do so with excitement and humility.
I look forward to get to serve my community again--this time in the United States Senate--but always remembering the work done, the conversations had, and words that will forever echo from my parents, that service isn't a job, it's truly a way of life.