Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to honor and thank Dr. Angelika Schroeder for her storied career and dedication to serving communities across Colorado, for her commitment to improving educational opportunities for our students, for her advocacy on behalf of our schools, and for her mentorship and friendship throughout the years.
Dr. Schroeder is a lifelong public servant, dedicating more than 30 years to Colorado's education system.
She attended the University of Colorado, Boulder, where she earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics, a master's degree in business administration, and a doctorate in accounting.
Dr. Schroeder then shared her expertise with students as a tax CPA and college professor of accounting.
From there, her passion for education led her to become involved in her daughters' schools at the local, district, state, and national levels.
In 1995, Governor Roy Romer appointed Dr. Schroeder to an advisory board of the State Board.
In 1999, she became a member of the Boulder Valley School Board, where she served as treasurer and vice president.
In January 2009, Dr. Schroeder was appointed to the State Board of Education to fill a vacancy and was later elected to the board in November 2010.
She has since been re-elected twice and will complete her final term in January 2025.
Throughout her career, Dr. Schroeder has also served on the boards and executive committees of the Colorado Association of School Boards (CASB), the Alliance for Quality Teaching, and the Public Education and Business Coalition.
She has participated in the National School Boards Association Federal Relations Network, where she worked with members of Colorado's congressional delegation, including myself, to push for policies that strengthen our education system and make progress on critical issues--supporting bills like the No Child Left Behind Act and Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
In sum, Dr. Schroeder has had a tremendous impact on the people of Colorado, consistently upholding her commitment to enhancing our state's education system and ensuring