Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Policy Advisor and Senior Constituent Advocate, Meg Montgomery, for her work on behalf could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Meg Montgomery was raised in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
After graduating from Robbinsdale Armstrong High School, she moved to North Carolina to attend Duke University where she obtained both a degree in Biology and the ability to be completely insufferable during March Madness.
Meg spent a decade to New York, NY where she completed her Masters in Public Health and worked in a variety of health systems administration roles.
Eventually she returned to Minnesota and began working for me in March of 2019, where she has covered both outreach and legislative activities in a variety of issue areas including healthcare, environment, energy, agriculture, aging, and education.
The only things Meg loves more than health policy are her husband Dan and three children Rory, Montgomery (Monty), and Frances Miller.
As hilarious as she is brilliant, Meg always has a meme at the ready for any, and all situations.
Her quiet wit and good questions always leave an impact on those around her.
She provides invaluable advice on any situation and has the best style around.
Meg is incredibly humble but should be so proud of her work in my office.
She has helped me introduce several bills including: The ADINA Act requiring the same labeling standards for drugs as those that already exist for food; The School Access to Naloxone Act which would provide funding for and training on opioid reversal agents in schools; and The Expanding Health Care Options for First Responders Act which would create a Medicare buy-in program for first responders for the years between retirement and Medicare eligibility.
Meg has an extraordinary talent of turning a compelling constituent story into impactful legislation that will improve lives.
She has created a unique role for herself serving as a policy and outreach staffer from the district office, which allows her the opportunity to leverage deep stakeholder relationships in older to inform the Congressman's legislative initiatives.
Learning the legislative process while in the DC office is one thing, handling from the district is another matter.
Meg is a bridge builder across various constituent groups to gather perspectives and gain valuable knowledge.
She routinely guides me and our team through complex policy issues to make informed decisions.
She is an excellent representative of me in the community and a trusted and high-performing team member.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congiessional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I wish Meg all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for over five years of faithful set vice to this Nation in my office.