Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to and honor the life and legacy of a good friend, Rev. Dr. Timothy J. Bowman.
Dr. Bowman, a retired United Methodist minister who resided in Columbia, South Carolina, was a native of Sumter, South Carolina.
He was the son Dr. Bowman earned an Associate of Arts degree from Sumter Area Technical College and both Associate of Arts and Bachelor of Arts degrees from the University.
He also received a Master of Divinity degree from Gammon Theological Seminary (ITC) in Atlanta, Georgia, and a Doctor of Ministry degree from Columbia Theological Seminary in Decatur, Georgia.
An ordained United Methodist minister, Dr. Bowman was actively involved in both church and community initiatives.
He previously served as Vice Chairperson of the Dorchester County Community Action Agency Board of Directors and was a member of the Dorchester County Head Start Policy Council and the South Carolina Head Start Association.
Additionally, he served on the Jenkins Orphanage Board of Trustees in Charleston, South Carolina, the Medical Ministry Board of Directors, and the Charleston Mayor's Advisory Committee.
During his tenure at Old Bethel UMC, Dr. Bowman developed the Old Bethel UMC Outreach Youth Alternative Program in downtown Charleston, South Carolina.
Dr. Bowman served as a member of the South Carolina Conference UMC Board of Ministry, the Walterboro District UMC Board of Ministry, and the Walterboro District Committee on District Superintendent.
He also served on the Board of Trustees for Gammon Theological Seminary and was a member of its Founders Day Committee.
A lifelong advocate for social justice, he was an active member of the NAACP.
A proud member of the Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., Dr. Bowman was also active in Free and Accepted Masonry.
He achieved the 32nd degree and held numerous positions of distinction, including Master, Royal Arch, Knights Templar, Consistory, Eastern Star, and Shriners.
He was also active with the Lincoln High School Preservation Alumni Association (LHSPAA).