Mr. JACKSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate ATW Health Solutions on their 10th Anniversary of operation.
ATW provides first class healthcare management and consulting services to the residents of the 1st Congressional District and Chicagoland communities.
Founded in 2014 by Dr. Knitasha Washington, DHA, MHA, FACHE, ATW Health Solutions provides unparalleled service and innovation in the healthcare industry.
Dr. Washington has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare field that has allowed her to lead ATW to become one of the top small businesses in our community.
In 2009, Dr. Washington tragically lost her father, Anthony T. Washington, Sr. to a preventable medical error.
This event inspired her to found ATW, and to name it in his memory.
His impact is still being felt through his daughter's work to this day.
Dr. Washington has served as a board member for the National Quality Forum, National Association of Health Services Executives (NAHSE), MedStar System Patient and Family Council for Quality and Safety, and the Franciscan Health Missions and HR Committee.
Through her service she has continued to advocate for equitable health solutions and work with key stakeholders to achieve these goals.
Over the last 10 years, ATW has earned national praise for transforming healthcare delivery systems as a small, minority owned business.
As unjust disparities persist in the healthcare industry, small businesses like ATW continue to strive for a better future for all Americans, no matter their background.
Over the next 10 years the incredible staff at ATW will continue their vital work to deliver healthcare systems and treatments throughout the industry in a more efficient and equitable manner.
As their Congressman, I cannot wait to see what their future holds.
The incredible research team on staff have brought previously unheard voices in healthcare to the forefront of the conversation so that healthcare outcomes continue to become more equitable.
Today, we celebrate their 10th anniversary with them and wish them another 10 years of similar success and achievement.