Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, along with my colleague Congressman Mark DeSaulnier, I rise to recognize 
Senator Steven (Steve) Glazer of California's 7th Senate District for his dedication to public service to our shared constituency.
Steve was born in Sacramento, California, and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from San Diego State University.
His roles in leadership started while he was a student when he served as president of the associated student body and chair of the California State Student Association.
In 1983, Steve began his career in public service as a press secretary for then-Assemblyman Gray Davis.
Steve played a pivotal role in raising awareness for missing children by championing the movement to put their faces and stories on milk cartons, bus stops, and billboards.
In 1989, Steve founded his own public relations, media, and political consulting firm, Glazer & Associates.
Steve served as senior advisor to Kathleen Brown's campaign for State Treasurer and Michael Woo's 1994 race for Secretary.
Steve also successfully campaigned for Proposition 46, which created a trust fund to provide shelters for battered women, low-income senior citizens, and unhoused communities.
An accomplished political strategist, Steve served on the City of Orinda Parks and Recreation Commission from 1997 to 1999.
Steve was later elected to the Orinda City Council in 2004, 2008, and 2012.
He continued his service to the City of Orinda and was elected mayor in 2007 where he served until his election to the State Senate to 2015.
Some of his notable accomplishments during his tenure in the Senate include authoring a truth-in-lending law requiring more transparency in the lending process for small businesses and co-authoring a law banning the sale of flavored tobacco in California.
Steve has remained steadfast to his principles and in his commitment to improving the lives of those in his community.
With the utmost respect for his service and with best wishes for his future endeavors, we extend our deepest gratitude and congratulations to 
Mr. Glazer as he enters this new chapter of his life.
We hope the conclusion of this chapter allows him to spend more time with his wife, Melba, and his daughters, Ariel and Alex.