Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Angie Giancarlo, a valued staff member of the House Committee on Appropriations, who has 25 years of experience working in the federal government.
Her commitment to our country exemplifies the hard work and commitment of an esteemed public servant.
Angie began her government career in 1999 when she joined the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works as a Staff Assistant.
She was eventually promoted to Professional Staff Member.
During her time on the Committee, she had a major hand in securing key legislation, such as the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 and the Safe Accountable Flexible Transportation Equity Act--A Legacy for Users.
In 2011, Angie took her twelve years of policy expertise to the House Committee on Appropriations, specifically the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies, where she would oversee accounts pertaining to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil works program, U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, and Department of Energy's power marketing administrations and petroleum reserves programs.
In September of 2017, Angie became Majority Clerk and Staff Director for the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee.
Her achievements during that Congress include the enactment of the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Year 2018 and Fiscal Year 2019.
When the House Majority switched hands in 2019, Angie continued to serve as Minority Clerk during the 116th and 117th Congress.
In the Minority, Angie fought and secured many conservative priorities in the final full-year bills.
Her extensive experience earned her the position of Majority Clerk and Staff Director of the Subcommittee at the beginning of the 118th Congress.
In times of divided government, her ability to negotiate resulted in significant wins.
Her efforts to find common ground also led to the completion of the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2024.
It is my distinct honor to recognize Angie's significant contributions to the federal government and our Committee as she transitions from her role in Congress to her next endeavor.
Her tireless commitment, characterized by countless early mornings and late nights, has been invaluable to our country.
Her expertise and knowledge on energy and water issues will be greatly missed.
I wish Angie the best in the adventures to come, and I thank her for her dedicated service to the United States.