Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to recognize the Chambers Hill Fire Company on its 70th Anniversary.
The Chambers Hill Fire Company in Swatara Township, Dauphin County, was founded in 1954.
Its charter, espousing that the ``terms of its existence is perpetual,'' speaks clearly and loudly with regard to its tireless commitment to service.
The Company initially bought a 1923 Hahn pumper from Goodwill Fire Company of Enhaut, and a 1942 Mercury ambulance from Steelton to provide the best possible fire protection and emergency medical services to Township residents.
The Company's founding members then built a station on Chambers Hill Road, which the Company has occupied ever since, over time expanding and modernizing the historic building.
From its humble beginnings, the Chambers Hill Fire Company has earned the American Red Cross award for ``Top Shelter in Dauphin County,'' and the Pennsylvania Department of State Keystone Democracy Award for ``5th Precinct of 9,000'' for being an excellent voting site.
In addition to myriad awards and recognitions, the Company performs numerous and varied community services, including--but not limited to--the Bethesda Mission Women's Shelter, Chambers Hill United Methodist Church, Princess Club for disadvantaged girls, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, Paxton Street Home, and the Hershey Medical Center.
The Chambers Hill Fire Company is run by volunteers who selflessly give of their personal time, energy, and treasure while risking their personal safety for the community they love; a long-lasting tradition in America and one that the Company intends to continue.
The Company honors the legacy of many exceptional members they've lost over the years, to include, but not limited to: former Fire Chief Bill Metka; Jiggs Landvater; Earl Caton; former Treasurer Harry ``Bo'' Speelman; former Steward Rick Moyer; and longtime Firefighter, Emergency Medical Technician, and Chief Jack Wolfersberger.
Saving lives and performing countless hours of unpaid service, their mantra that ``Nothing is as strong as the heart of a Volunteer'' is heard strongly and loudly.