Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional dedication and service of legendary coach Phil Robbins, a dedicated football coach in Southwest Virginia who helped build legacies across the district.
As a student-athlete, Coach Robbins played both college football and baseball at Emory & Henry College.
His time at Emory & Henry made an impression on him to continue in the world of sports as a leader, mentor, and coach.
His coaching career started as an assistant coach at Washington County's Patrick Henry High School for four years.
In 1971, Coach Robbins took over the football program at John Battle High School in Washington County.
Later in 1977, Coach Robbins led Christiansburg High School in Montgomery County.
He helped lead the Blue Demons to the program's first playoff game in 1981.
Coach Robbins then went to Powell Valley High School in Wise County, where he would build a strong foundation for a storied football program that achieved monumental success.
From 1983 until the school's final football season in the fall of 2010, Coach Robbins helped Powell Valley claim seven state titles.
During that time frame, his teams accumulated more than 260 wins.
According to Tim Hayes of the Bristol Herald Courier, the 1998 Powell Valley team under Coach Robbins is considered by many as the best prep football squad to play in the coalfields.
His coaching not only produced NFL running backs Thomas Jones and Julius Jones, but countless college standouts over the course of his career and many who followed in his coaching footsteps.
Coach Robbins contributed to other programs, including Powell Valley's track and field program.
Under his tenure, Powell Valley's track and field team produced two state titles.
After his tenure with Powell Valley, Coach Robbins remained in the coaching community.
He spent the past few years helping with the football team at the University of Virginia's College at Wise.
Southwest Virginia communities appreciated all the hard work and dedication that Coach Robbins put into the development of studentathletes in the region.
Last year, the Phil Robbins Field was christened at Wise County's Bullitt Park, where Union High School plays its football games.
With this, we honor Coach Robbins in the most memorable way.
Players and coaches should be inspired by his legacy, defined by a deep personal calling to coaching and athletics in communities across Southwest Virginia.