Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, as the Member of Congress with the most Filipino Americans of any Congressional district nationwide (nearly 200,000), I have been honored since 2019 to co-lead an annual resolution recognizing October as Filipino American History Month.
I have joined many colleagues in doing so once again to recognize and celebrate the great contributions of Filipino Americans to our country, in government and law, music and entertainment, sports, business and countless other ventures.
The first recorded arrival of Filipinos in the continental United States took place on October 18, 1587, when the ``Luzones Indios'' came ashore from the Manila-built galleon Nuestra Senora de Esperanza in Morro Bay, California.
This was followed by the first permanent Filipino settlement in the United States in St. Malo, Louisiana in 1763.
Since those early beginnings, our Filipino American community has grown to nearly 5 million people and is the third largest Asian American and Pacific Islander group in the United States.
Many of the early Filipino immigrants were young men who came to the United States, most to Hawaii, California, Washington, and Alaska, seeking a better life.
This first generation of Filipino immigrants are commonly referred to as the ``Manong generation'' (Ilocano for first-born male).
They worked mostly physically demanding jobs in tough conditions for very little pay.
Over the years, they fought against discrimination, found a way forward, became respected members of their communities and made a better future for themselves and their future generations.
Several generations have thrived upon that foundation.
The history of the Fil-Am community in Hawaii is particularly rich and echoes the national story.
In 1906, the first fifteen Sakada contract laborers arrived in Honolulu from the Philippines aboard the SS Doric, marking the first sustained immigration into our country and the humble beginnings of Fil-Ams in Hawaii.
By 1919, more than 29,000 Filipinos had traveled to Hawaii to take labor contracts.
These first immigrants, those that followed and the subsequent generations eventually became trailblazers in politics and government, the military, business and entrepreneurship, journalism, popular culture, music and the arts and more.
Our resolution honors the tremendous and increasing contribution of Filipino Americans to our country in all areas including music, dance, literature, education, health care, business, literature, journalism, sports, fashion, politics, government, science, technology, the fine arts and other fields.
I include in the Record the names and accomplishments of Filipino Americans, again from my Hawaii: