Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to recognize the life and service of Ukrainian Air Force Major Andrii Pilshchykov, a fighter pilot who tragically lost his life in the fight to defend his country from the Russian invasion.
Mr. Pilshchykov reached the rank of Captain in the 40th Tactical Aviation Brigade of the Ukrainian Air Force, before being posthumously promoted to Major.
Born in Kharkiv only 30 years ago, Andrii fulfilled his life-long dream to fly some of the fastest and toughest airplanes in the world.
From a young age, Andrii was fascinated with airplanes and jets and eagerly took on the little-known hobby of ``Planespotting,'' in which participants track the movement and record photos of desired aircraft all around the globe.
As soon as he could, Andrii enrolled in Ukraine's Ivan Kozhedub National Air Force University.
It was in this academy that Andrii learned to fly MiG-29 fighter jets, which he would go on to fly during the current war to save his country.
Andrii's peers and instructors were so impressed with his abilities that he was assigned to be an instructor for certain classes even though he was still a cadet.
After graduating from the academy in 2018, Andrii joined the 40th Tactical Aviation Brigade at Yasylkiv Air Base, where he would become an Air Force Captain.
During his first year, Andrii traveled to my home state of California, where he completed an internship with the 144th Fighter Wing of California's Air National Guard in the City.
As he learned how to fly F-15 fighter jets, Andrii took his learning experience in California very seriously, earning the nickname ``Juice'' because he would only order juice as he refrained from alcohol.
He took this nickname back home with him, and for a time he was the only pilot in the Ukrainian Armed Forces with an official call sign: ``Juice.''
After leaving the Air Force for only a brief period, Andrii did not hesitate to sign up again for service in February 2022 as the Russian invasion threatened the people and very sovereignty.
It was not long before he resumed flights, fighting to keep Ukrainian skies safe over Kyiv and other major battle areas.
During Andrii's service, he flew over 100 combat missions and destroyed dozens of the enemy's command posts.
In May 2022, Andrii was awarded the Order for Courage (3rd Class) for his valiant service.
Because of his keen interest in promoting the modernization of Ukraine's Air Force, and his proficiency in English, Andrii and a small contingent of his colleagues were sent to Washington, D.C., to illustrate and emphasize the urgent need to supply Ukraine with F-16 fighter jets.
I had the honor of meeting Andrii.
After his visit to Capitol Hill, the Ukraine Fighter Pilots Act was introduced, which I was proud to cosponsor.
I want to express my deepest appreciation for the invaluable service rendered not only to the nation of Ukraine, but in the fight for democracy itself, by Major Andrii Pilshchykov.
My deepest condolences go out to his family, the people of Ukraine and all those impacted by his loss.