The hon.
Lady has a short memory.
The Government in which she served presided over the biggest slowdown in living standards in recent memory, and there are 358,000 more people in work now than there were at the start of the year.
We will keep supporting young people into work and will change the system that we inherited, which had the wrong incentives and a lack of support.
We are putting both of those things to rights.
No surprises there, Mr Speaker; the Prime Minister can put new faces on the Front Bench, but they still do not have the answers.
The right hon.
Gentleman criticised the previous Conservative Government, but we got unemployment down to a 40-year low—a record Labour could only dream of.
The Government do not want to be held to account.
Worse still, the right hon.
Gentleman knows that what he is doing will not work, because the country is looking down the barrel of more tax rises in next month’s Budget, which will kill yet more jobs and opportunities.
Whether it is graduates looking for their first job or older people being made redundant, people are crying out for a Government who are on their side.
What will it take to get the Chancellor to understand that it is businesses that create jobs, not the Government, and does the right hon.
Gentleman not agree that the more the Chancellor damages the economy, the bigger the welfare bill will get?
Since we came into office, interest rates have been cut five times, helping businesses and households.
According to Lloyds, business confidence is at a nine-year high, and there is to be much more private investment, including the £150 billion announced during the recent state visit.
Add to that the trade deals that the Conservatives could not secure—there are reasons to be optimistic about the future of the economy and I hope the hon.
Lady shares them.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce the number of children in poverty.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State co-chairs the ministerial child poverty taskforce, which is leading our work across Government to develop the UK-wide child poverty strategy, which will be published later this year.
We are considering all available levers to give every child the best start in life, building on work that is already under way across all four nations.
Ahead of publication, the Government have already taken action for the whole UK, including introducing a fair repayment rate and improving the adequacy of the standard allowance of universal credit from April 2026.
The Child Poverty Action Group estimates that because of this Government’s policies—especially the two-child cap—more than 100 children are dragged into poverty every day.
That equates to almost 3,400 children between now and the Chancellor’s autumn statement at the end of next month.
Here is a lever: as child poverty in Scotland is falling, why does the Minister not finally listen to reason by scrapping this cruel policy?
Why is he waiting?
Why does he not just act now?
This Government are acting now.
We have already announced that all children in families in England that are in receipt of universal credit will receive free school meals, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty.
We have capped the cost of school uniforms, and introduced a new crisis and resilience fund.
Our Child Maintenance Service reforms will lift 20,000 children out of poverty, and much more will be done when the child poverty taskforce reports later this year.
Despite what those on the far right try to claim, the cost of living crisis remains the main issue that people face.
One way to really help struggling families would be to lift the two-child benefit cap—that would lift hundreds of thousands of children across the country out of poverty,  including many in my constituency.
Is it not the case that the forthcoming Budget should announce that the two-child benefit cap will be scrapped?
My hon.
Friend will understand that I am not going to make policy from the Dispatch Box.
What I would say to him, as I have already said to  the hon.
Member for Aberdeenshire North and Moray East (Seamus Logan) , is that all available levers are under consideration as part of our child poverty taskforce, which will report later this year.
We will do what it takes to bear down on child poverty.
There are many levers that we can look at using to do so; we have pulled some already, and we will continue that work.