The Government have made a promise that those transferring from legacy benefits to universal credit will find themselves no worse off, yet Liberal Democrat colleagues from all over the country are finding that people are worse off.
Will the Minister share evidence of how the Government are supporting the most vulnerable where they find themselves worse off?
Transitional protection is available for people making the transition across, and I spoke earlier about the support being provided through the enhanced support journey to people for whom the transition may be particularly difficult.
I am thinking, for example, about some people on employment and support allowance.
If the hon.
Member is worried about particular cases and would like to send me the details, I am very happy to look at them.
For too long, too many people in the north-east have been left behind due to stubbornly high unemployment, but the economic inactivity trailblazer offers an opportunity to tackle the often complex reasons that sit behind that.
Can the Secretary of State set out how this will work alongside existing programmes such as the new deal for north-east workers to support people into fulfilling productive employment?
People should not be denied the opportunity to work, which is why the Department has backed the economic inactivity trailblazer in the north-east with £10 million this year and a further £10 million next year.
It is testing new ways to help people overcome barriers to work.
We are determined to turn around the situation that we inherited from the Conservative party, and we are working closely with the excellent Mayor of the North East to bring these policies together.
Only 30% of people with autism are in work, compared with nearly 55% of disabled people.
Charlie, who is celebrating his 31st birthday on Saturday, lives in Baltonsborough with his parents, but like many young adults with autism, he has struggled to find employment.
His mother, Jenny, told me yesterday that Charlie is a classic example of wasted talent, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that adults with autism and other special educational needs can find fulfilling and secure employment?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and I agree about the importance of not wasting talent in the future.
That is the reason for the reforms we are introducing.
Earlier this year we set up an expert panel to advise us on how best to support people with neurodivergence into employment, building on the work of Sir Robert Buckland and his review of autism employment in the last Parliament.
We have now received that advice from the expert panel and are considering how to take that work forward.
I still have parents in my constituency coming to me because they are not getting the money their children need.
One constituent reports her ex repeatedly self-declaring employment until the Child Maintenance Service catches up with them, switching on to benefits for a few months, dropping to £7 a week and then returning to self-employment to restart that cycle.
Online forums openly trade tips about how to avoid child maintenance.
What will the Minister do to close these loopholes and ensure that every child gets the support they need?