I recently visited Drake Hall women’s prison in my constituency of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages, which has the brilliant initiative of a Halfords training centre to support people into employment once they leave the prison estate.
It supports people all over the country, not just in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State tell me what conversations are happening with the Ministry of Justice about supporting or expanding schemes like that?
That sounds like an excellent initiative.
Of course, if we are to rehabilitate prisoners, it is important that they get training and the chance to get into constructive employment after their sentence.
I am sure that that applies not just to the prison in my hon.
Friend’s constituency but throughout the country.
Alan Marnes is a constituent of mine in Southoe who has staunchly campaigned since 2002 on the issue of the lack of indexation for pre-1997 pension rights, having been one of 140,000 people who lost their occupational pension.
I wrote to the Secretary of State more than two months ago asking whether the newly revived Pensions Commission will address the issue of failed pension funds and I have still not received a response.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet me and Alan to provide some much-needed clarity on such a long-standing issue?
I am not absolutely clear whether the particular case that the hon.
Gentleman is raising relates to people within the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme or to a pre-1997 indexation within a solvent pension scheme, but if he writes to me with the details I will absolutely make sure that I come back to him.
One in three children in my constituency is growing up in poverty.
With the Budget approaching, what discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer about scrapping the two-child limit—a policy widely recognised as one of the biggest drivers of child poverty in Britain today?
We have already taken action to reduce child poverty, by extending free school meals to all families on universal credit, and we will of course explore other avenues.
We want to reduce child poverty—in stark contrast to the record of the Conservatives.
When my constituents move into new social housing, they find it stripped of perfectly good white goods, curtains, carpets and so on.
What can the Government do to address this?
It is driving my constituents further into poverty and benefit dependency.
It is also environmentally destructive.
Surely there is a way through this issue, so can I call on the Minister to work with others across Government to address it?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
It might be better raised at questions to the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, but as he asks me to pick this up with Ministers across Departments, I am happy to do so.
I can tell him that the crisis and resilience fund—formerly the household support fund—is in place to support people setting up in their new homes, as are grants that are available from housing associations directly.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the future of the North Sea oil and gas industry.
The North sea will be at the heart of Britain’s energy future.
For decades its workers, business and communities have helped to power our country and our world, and they will do so for decades to come.
The oil and gas industry has lost around a third of its entire workforce in the last decade as oil and gas production has declined.
A plan is now needed.
That is why in March we consulted on a framework for building a world-leading offshore clean energy industry in the North sea, alongside managing existing oil and gas fields for their lifespan.
We will respond to that consultation in the coming weeks.
Alongside that, we published our clean energy jobs plan, which sets out that over 400,000 more good jobs are to be created across the UK, including 40,000 in Scotland, by the end of the decade.
That is facilitated thanks to record investments in clean energy as well as over £50 billion of private investment since July 2024 thanks to the certainty our plans have created.
Turning to today’s news, colleagues will be aware that Petrofac Ltd has for some time been working on a restructure relating to its global portfolio.
The restructuring plan failed, following the unexpected termination of a contract by TenneT—a Dutch transmission company.
At 7 am today, holding company Petrofac Ltd announced that it will be entering administration.
While that is obviously disappointing for the company, it is the product of long-standing issues with its global business.
Contrary to misleading reports today, the UK arm of Petrofac has not entered administration and is continuing to operate as normal—as an in-demand business with a highly skilled workforce and many successful contracts.
Indeed, only last month Petrofac’s UK arm extended two significant contracts, demonstrating that the business has a viable future.
Today’s announcement covers only the top-level holding company Petrofac Ltd, which has no employees.
The Petrofac group has faced long-standing challenges, including a high-profile £77 million financial penalty imposed in 2021 following a Serious Fraud Office investigation into bribery.
We understand that there is reason to be optimistic about a commercial resolution that includes the UK arm.
The Government have been, and will remain, in close contact with the company.
I repeat this to the House: the UK business has not entered administration.
It is successful and growing, and it will continue to operate as normal.
Another week and yet another hammer blow to our North sea oil and gas industry, another gut punch to energy workers and another blow to our energy security.
Whatever the Minister says today, the blame lies squarely with this Labour Government.
[Interruption.]
They do not like to hear it, but it is true.
Today, the energy giant Petrofac has entered administration, casting doubt over the future of its 2,000 employees in Scotland—as its global headquarters is in Aberdeen—and the countless more who are supported indirectly through the supply chain.
As the Minister said, this company has had issues for many years, but the hostile environment in the UK continental shelf created by the Government has made operating here nigh on impossible for far too many companies.
Our offshore energy industry has seen thousands of redundancies since the 2024 general election.
Harbour Energy completed a new round of redundancies just last month and, with depressing regularity, we hear of more job losses in the North sea.
Whether at Harbour Energy, Apache, Hunting or Petrofac, each job lost means uncertainty for a family, a mortgage jeopardised, investment fleeing our communities and our world-class supply chains and skilled workforce pushed towards extinction.
How many more will it take for the Secretary of State to change course?
These are political choices.
This is a manufactured decline.
As a direct result of the hostile trading environment, the “closed for business” sign is hanging over the UK continental shelf.
From the energy profits levy extension increase to the ban on new licences and the refusal to defend the Government’s decision on Rosebank and Jackdaw, the odds are stacked against the North sea industry, damaging the business environment, threatening investment, harming our economy and undermining our energy security.
These are political choices that have resulted in job losses.
What steps are being taken to support Petrofac’s HQ employees in Aberdeen?
How many more jobs have to be lost across the industry for the Government to change course?
When will the thousands of jobs promised through GB Energy for Aberdeen and around the United Kingdom materialise?
Will the Minister personally act and ask his boss—the Secretary of State for Energy—to change course, or is he content to sacrifice Aberdeen, the north-east and our energy industry on this vainglorious campaign to destroy our fossil fuel industry?
On Petrofac, the hon.
Gentleman should be careful with his tone.
To come here and try to undermine efforts to find a buyer for the UK arm and to talk down a business, which, as I just outlined, is a successful and growing business in the North sea, is deeply irresponsible.
There have been long-standing issues at the company; he of all people should be well aware of that, given his previous role as a Minister in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.
All of us across the House have a responsibility to support the company at the moment, not to undermine it, and to send a positive message to those workers, the suppliers and the customers that the UK arm is continuing to operate as normal.
All the signs are that there is a viable long-term future for the company, but that will not happen if we have comments like those made by the hon.
Gentleman undermining that business.
On the wider question of the North sea, the hon.
Gentleman should know as well as anyone that we lost over a third of the jobs in the North sea during the Conservative party’s time in government.
He wants to pretend that the transition arrived in July 2024, but he was in government when those jobs were going, and the Conservatives failed time and again to come up with  any credible plan for managing the future of the North sea.
We will not do that.
We will come up with a plan.
That is why we are building the industries of the future on hydrogen, on carbon capture, on offshore wind and on the supply chains—the very investments that he and Conservative Members turn their backs against time and again.
They are turning their backs on the future of the energy story in the North sea as they are more interested in exploiting problems than solving them.
Time and again, they have learned no lessons from their time in government, when they left these workers without a credible plan.
We will not do the same again.
Will my hon.
Friend outline to the House how the Government are delivering the clean energy jobs plan, which will see 40,000 new jobs in the clean energy industries in Scotland by 2030?
I am sure that move will be welcomed around the Chamber.
Will he advise us what support will be given to that plan by the Scottish Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about building up the industries of the future.
I have said on a number of occasions that we should rightly be proud of six decades of oil and gas in the north-east of Scotland, and we should be proud of the work that that workforce has achieved, but we should also recognise that we have been in transition for a long time.
Building up the jobs of the future in carbon capture, hydrogen, offshore wind and supply chains is how we ensure a long-term, viable, sustainable future in the north-east—alongside oil and gas for many decades to come.
The particular work that the Scottish Government need to do in this space is about improving the skills offer so that more of Scotland’s young people can take up the 40,000 jobs we will create over the coming years.
That is a huge opportunity for Scotland’s young people, but only if we improve Scotland’s education system.