I have to remind the hon.
Member that when his party was in government, it supported the acceleration in the rise of the basic state pension age, and that has given rise to some of the questions he raises.
You would not expect me to comment on ongoing litigation, Mr Speaker, and I will not, but I can assure the hon.
Member and the House that we will take all relevant factors into account when considering the process for the future.
Previous to my election to this place, I worked for a homeless charity in Harlow called Streets2Homes.
One of its cases involved a man who was homeless due to delays in getting his state pension.
How is the Department ensuring that delays like that are not commonplace?
We hope that those entitled to the basic state pension receive a seamless and fast service.
This is a pension that people contribute to throughout their life, and when they reach state pension age, we of course hope that they get it as soon as possible.
What steps his Department is taking to assess the effectiveness of the Access to Work scheme in helping to enable long-term career progression for disabled people.
What steps he is taking to improve the Access to Work scheme.
What changes have been made to the Access to Work scheme in this parliamentary Session.
Access to Work does an important job, but current delays with the scheme, and our ambition for an 80% rate of employment, point to the need for reform.
The consultation, launched in the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper, closed on  30 June .
We are reviewing all aspects of the scheme in the light of the responses that we received.
A constituent came to my surgery the other week who felt pretty frustrated that the Access to Work scheme, which once supported him, was pulling the rug from beneath his feet as he progressed in his career.
He has been a model example; he has not let his multiple neurodivergent diagnoses hold him back.
He has worked hard and, with support, has earned a promotion  to a deputy leadership position.
At that point, the DWP decided to reassess him, and it downgraded his support—right at the moment when he felt he needed to maintain that support, given his new responsibilities.
Can the Minister assure us that when the reforms come, they will ensure that people are supported over the progression of their career, as well as into work in the first place?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
Obviously, I do not know the details of the case that he refers to, but it is important that Access to Work and our wider employment support enable people not just to get into work, but to thrive once they are there, exactly as he says.
The Access to Work scheme provides vital support, and it is one of the best forms of support for blind and partially sighted workers, but when their awards come up for review, they find that their support and awards are being significantly reduced.
Given the Government’s commitment to keeping Britain working, will the Minister explain why blind and partially sighted people are seeing their support cut?
Will he agree to meet me and sight-loss organisations to see how we can address some of the challenges with the scheme?
There has been absolutely no change in the policy on Access to Work, but there has been more scrupulous application of the existing policy and guidance over the last year.
That means that Access to Work awards have been more consistent, and I know there have been cases in which support has been reduced.
I am looking forward to attending the forthcoming meeting of the all-party group on eye health and visual impairment, which my hon.
Friend chairs; that might give us an opportunity to discuss the issues she has raised.
On  20 May , I met the Minister to speak about Access to Work claims that were being denied, changed or reduced, all contrary to the guidelines.
The Minister assured me that it was a communications issue, that the guidelines had not changed and that officials were going to fix the problems by speaking to the local jobcentre.
The problems were not fixed.
Since then, both Dawlish Gardens Trust and the No Limits café in Newton Abbot have ceased to provide Access to Work services because the system just is not working and, they said, every claim was being rejected.
That assessment has been mirrored by the Access to Work Collective.
Who changed the guidelines, and why?
Are they simply being ignored to save money at the cost of vulnerable adults?
If the Minister would like more information, I am happy to meet him again.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman again, but I assure him that the policy has not changed.
In fact, just last week we published the spending figures on Access to Work, which went up by 17% in the last year and by 32% in the year before that.
I do not know what happened in the particular case the hon.
Gentleman referred to, but would be happy to look at it further.
Access to Work is vital.
At the high end of the scale, it can sometimes be more expensive.
I have in my constituency a very senior person in the world of theatre who runs Graeae theatre.
She requires Access to  Work support but, even with the right support, there is not enough for her needs, because she needs a British Sign Language interpreter with her at all times.
Graeae theatre is at the pinnacle of assessing what people need, and I would love to invite the Minister to visit it, because staff there are great at supporting disabled people into work, with and without Access to Work support.
I am aware that a big chunk of Access to Work funding goes on British Sign Language interpretation, and it is not unusual for people who draw on that support to hit the cap, which increased last year and is now £69,920 a year.
We will look at that, along with all other aspects of the scheme, in the review we are undertaking.