Back in May last year, while in opposition, the Labour party was outraged to learn that the average processing time for applications to the Access to Work programme was running at 43.9 days.
In fact, so outraged were Labour Members that they made it a manifesto pledge to tackle that problem.
After more than 15 months in government, Labour is far from having slashed waiting times; applicants now have to wait an average of 93.6 days.
That is more than twice the waiting time under the previous Government.
After a year in government, the Labour party has doubled the misery and uncertainty suffered by disabled people—why?
We are fixing the very serious problems left behind by the previous Government.
The number of people who are processing Access to Work applications has been increased by 118 since May last year, but the hon.
Gentleman is right that delays are still a problem.
That points clearly to the need for reform, which is what we are getting on with.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure that post-16 education provides the necessary skills to support the economy.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure that post-16 education provides the necessary skills to support the economy.
Skills are vital to give young people opportunity, for economic growth and to our country’s renewal.
That is why, as part of our youth guarantee, we are increasing short courses for high-demand sectors such as artificial intelligence and construction, expanding the number of youth hubs, and partnering with sports clubs to get help to people where they are in the community.
Last week, we published the skills White Paper, which sets out the next steps for training the workforce of the future.
I still want every young person in Derby to see technical education and apprenticeships as first-class, not second-best, routes to success.
University  technical colleges, from which students are four times more likely to progress on to apprenticeships, are key to unlocking that success.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet Pride Park UTC to discuss its plans to give young people in Derby real choice and real opportunity by rolling out a new technical centre in our city?
My hon.
Friend has spoken often about this, and I believe that he started his career as an apprentice.
As a former Rolls-Royce worker, he will have noted the skills White Paper, and of course he knows all about the importance of that company to the city of Derby.
I congratulate Pride Park UTC on its plans for a new technical skills centre, and I will ensure that he gets a meeting with me or with the relevant Minister.
My Committee’s recent report on further education and skills highlights the poor amount of information on vocational and technical training opportunities, including apprenticeships, available to young people while they are in school.
We recommend that UCAS be expanded to provide a single portal for information on academic, vocational and technical opportunities, so that every young person is aware of how they can train in the skills that they need to access a good job.
Will the Secretary of State consider this recommendation, and work with the Department for Education to deliver it?