Health Equity North recently produced an analysis for the Select Committee that revealed that getting just 5% of people with disabilities or health conditions into employment would yield cost savings of over £12 billion.
What progress is being made with employers to enable sick and disabled people who want to work, and are able to do so, to get into employment?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I agree with her about the tremendous value, for the people who benefit and for the economy more widely, of opening up opportunities in employment in the way that she described.
That is exactly what the Keep Britain Working review, led by Sir Charlie Mayfield, is looking at.
I am looking forward to Sir Charlie’s report, and I am sure my hon.
Friend will find it interesting.
I expect it to be published quite soon.
Four thousand people in Somerset, many of them with disabilities, are being transitioned from employment and support allowance to universal credit.
They were assured that they would not lose out, but one constituent waited three months with no income at all, until an intervention by me and the Department.
Somerset was not warned about this transition, which is causing it huge difficulties with assessing the implications for council tax benefits.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that, just as people were told, they will not lose out in the transition to universal credit?
I am not sure why the news of the transition did not reach Somerset; the plans have been quite well publicised.
We have put in place a careful enhanced support journey for people, including a number of people on ESA, who might struggle with the transition.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a particular case, but if there are other cases where there are difficulties, we are able to provide extra support to ensure that people can make the transition without hardship.
How many people are in receipt of carer’s allowance.
Some 975,000 people are being paid carer’s allowance in England and Wales, including some 900 people in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
We all know that carers give everything to care for their loved ones—physically, emotionally and financially.
The Government received the carer’s allowance report three months ago, and under Lib Dem pressure have agreed to publish it by the end of the year.
Do we know how many carers will be unfairly penalised in the six months between the Government receiving the report and publishing it?
I agree with the hon.
Member’s characterisation of the degree of commitment and sacrifice being made by very large numbers of carers right across the country.
As he has said, the report, which we commissioned from Liz Sayce, will be published by the end of the year, together with the Government’s response—and his question will be addressed in that response.
What steps he is taking to support young people into employment, education or training.
When we came to office, almost 1 million young people were not in education, employment or training.
This Government are determined to offer young people proper opportunities.
Our youth guarantee will ensure that 18 to 21-year-olds are learning or earning, helping to prevent them from becoming economically inactive almost before their careers have even begun.
As my hon.
Friend might have seen, the Chancellor has announced that a jobs guarantee scheme will be a future part of this work.
With one in six young Scots not in education, employment or training, including hundreds across my constituency, I welcome the Government’s youth guarantee to give young people the training or job support they need.
However, with stubborn youth unemployment, the Scottish Government’s swingeing cuts to the college sector and employers warning that Scottish apprenticeships are less favourable than those in England, how will the Secretary of State work to ensure that young people across the UK can benefit from this Government’s ambition?
Not for the first time, we have to point out that the Scottish Government have benefited from the biggest financial settlement since the introduction of devolution.
It should not be too much to expect that at least a proportion of that should be spent on expanding opportunity for young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and throughout Scotland.
Scotland has given so much to the world in creativity and innovation, and it is absolutely critical that the next generation of young Scots get the chance to do the same.
Skills bootcamps in Cumbria have provided a great opportunity: 60 hours of training for young people in disciplines as varied as coding, scaffolding and project management.
The cost to deliver those bootcamps across the whole of Cumbria is £2.7 million—chicken feed compared with the benefit that those young people and their future employers get out of them.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with his friends in the Treasury to ensure that that scheme is maintained and continued?
I am always having conversations with my friends in the Treasury.
I agree with the hon.
Member that flexibility and some short courses in the skills and training system are very important.
Not everything has to be done according to the exact same formula and recipe, and shorter training courses have a big part to play.