The 25-year-old son of one of my constituents unfortunately lost his leg when it was amputated above the knee after a motorcycle accident, but he was awarded personal independence payment and a specially adapted car, and he has been able to rebuild his life.
However, in August he was told that the PIP and the adapted car would be withdrawn from him.
Sadly, he is clearly not going to get any better.
How can we be in a situation where people whose condition is permanent are having their support withdrawn?
I would be very happy to look into the particular case the hon.
Member raises.
Of course, an appeal process is available, so I hope that her constituent has submitted an appeal.
If she lets me have the details, I will gladly have a look at the case.
Earlier this month I visited the Spear programme in north Kensington, which is doing fantastic work in supporting young people back into employment through programmes that the DWP data lab has found to have a significant impact.
Could the Secretary of State outline how evidence produced by units such as the data lab will help guide the trailblazer funding to get young people back into work?
The Spear programme was one of the first organisations to go through an evaluation with the data lab a few years ago.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the findings from that were really positive, and I am delighted that his constituency is located in one of the youth guarantee trailblazer areas.
As we have reiterated several times, it is crucial that we do everything we can to help young people into work and address the issue, which we inherited, of people not in employment, education or training.
Many young care leavers living in supported housing want to increase their hours at work but find themselves caught in the benefits trap.
YMCA Eastleigh tells me that this  is impacting care leavers in my constituency.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues on reforms to the tax and benefit system to make work pay for young care leavers?
There is a problem in the interaction between housing benefit, which provides housing support for people in supported accommodation, and housing support in the universal credit system.
That interaction does cause difficulties, and I think that is what the hon.
Lady is referring to.
We are looking at that at the moment.
We are talking to other parts of government and working with people such as YMCA and Centrepoint to look at the problem and what we can do to fix it.
Many of my constituents are experiencing delays in migrating to universal credit, due to years of Tory mismanagement of our welfare system.
This is a stressful time for claimants and a very busy time for the Department.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Department is taking to ensure it is fully resourced, so that delays are reduced and claims are processed?
The Department is prioritising ensuring that there is adequate staffing resource available to support claimants and deliver migration smoothly and on time.
I am concerned to hear what my hon.
Friend says about the experience of his constituents in Coatbridge and Bellshill.
I will look into this issue further on his behalf and report back to him.
The Trussell Trust recently reported that three in 10 people who were referred to food banks in 2024 were in working households and that the majority, 72%, were on universal credit.
What more can the Government do to ensure that work pays and we can take low-paid workers out of poverty?
I recently spoke at an event in Parliament hosted by that organisation.
I am pleased to say that its report said there had been a small drop in the use of food banks over the past year.
We have put the household support fund, now the crisis and resilience fund, on a proper basis for the next three years to support those families in the most desperate need.
Giving sick and disabled people agency and drawing on lived experience sets the only path to getting policy right, so that they can access work appointments and get out of their homes, avoiding worklessness, health decline and isolation, with their mobility support needs recognised through PIP.
Further to the Minister’s previous answer, will he ensure that any policy reforms to PIP mobility payments are fully co-produced with sick and disabled people?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that the review of the PIP assessment, including the mobility element of that benefit, will be undertaken fully in co-production with disabled people and disabled people’s organisations.
I will be setting out very shortly how the review I am going to be leading will be undertaken.
Business is crying out that the Employment Rights Bill will cost jobs.
Now, the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, the spiritual home of the Secretary of State—  [Laughter.]—says it will cripple the jobs market, especially for young people.
It is not a laughing matter.
What is the Secretary of State’s view?
Will the Employment Rights Bill help his Department to increase employment, or will it cost even more jobs?
It should be no surprise that a Labour party supports better rights at work for people.
History is replete with warnings that better employment rights would result in fewer jobs.
Those were the warnings the Conservative party gave when we introduced the national minimum wage many, many years ago.
Of course, it is important that when legislating on these issues we do it closely in consultation with employers.
That is precisely what we intend to do.
Some 47% of children in my constituency live in poverty.
The Minister mentioned that he will consider all levers.
Does that include speaking with the Treasury to look at a wealth tax to bring in much-needed money to the Treasury to remove the two-child cap?
As we have discussed a number of times, of course we want to reduce child poverty.
My hon.
Friend will not be surprised to hear that, when it comes to tax, that is a matter for the Chancellor and not for me.