This is worrying news.
Petrofac is one of the North sea’s largest offshore contractors, but it is entering administration today after years of financial difficulty.
While I cannot share the desire of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  to ditch the Climate Change Act 2008, I do share his concern for those 2,000 jobs in Scotland and those workers who face uncertainty about their future, so the Secretary of State must act swiftly to find a sustainable path forward, hopefully secure a buyer and safeguard those skilled jobs.
This underlines why the Liberal Democrats have called for an independent just transition commission, putting oil and gas workers and local communities front and centre.
It was good to see the much-awaited publication of the Government’s clean energy jobs plan last week.
However, we know that job creation is not happening fast enough to keep up with job losses in the North sea, so can the Secretary of State and the Minister confirm what will be done to fill that gap in the meantime—in the short term—and to deliver a genuinely just transition that keeps those skilled workers powering Britain’s clean energy future?
First, can I just say what a contrast it is when someone rightly responds to this concerning issue in a serious way and does not talk down the industry?
This is where the House should stand taller and recognise that that company is doing good work and that there are 2,000 workers out in the North sea right now carrying out their duties.
We want to ensure that there is a viable future for the company, and we are doing everything that we can in that space.
All the signs are that it is a growing, successful business, and we should recognise that and talk it up, not talk it down, as the Conservative party seems hellbent on doing.
On the hon.
Lady’s wider point, she is right to say that the future of clean energy involves tens of thousands of jobs across Scotland and hundreds of thousands across the UK, but that we need to ramp those jobs up as quickly as possible and ensure that people can achieve those jobs.
We are doing what we can around looking at the skills framework, but we also ensuring that, through the investments we are making through Great British Energy, those jobs come forward much faster and that people are supported to move from jobs in oil and gas into jobs that have a real correlation in skills.
We are picking this work up after the failure of the previous Government to have any plan.
We are moving as fast as we can, and we will see more on that North sea plan in the coming weeks.
I have to say that this is a very underpowered urgent question.
It is similar to a two-stroke engine attached to a rowing boat—[Interruption.]
Order.
When I decide on an urgent question, I do not need to be questioned about how urgent it is, or whether it is like a two-stroke engine or a 50 cc—actually, some of us think it might be a three litre.
I was, of course, referring to the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , who knows full well that he has missed the story here.
Petrofac went into administration because the Dutch Government cut a contract for offshore wind farm developments.
I dare say that that raises concerns about the viability for finance and the supply chain for the offshore wind farm industry, but as the Minister has pointed out, and as the shadow Minister well knows, Petrofac is successful in the UK.
It has 2,000 jobs in the UK and it has contracts in the UK, so we need less scaremongering from this underpowered Opposition and more assurance from the Minister that he will look after those jobs.
I will just reflect on something that my hon.
Friend said.
This is a global company, and it has not had its troubles to seek for some time.
It was subject to an investigation back in 2017, and it has gone through a number of restructuring routes since then.
Ultimately, that process came to an end when it lost a significant contract from TenneT, one of the Dutch transmission operators.
This is a company that has faced global headwinds for some time, but I repeat to the House that the UK business has a viable long-term future.
It is already growing, it is successful, and we have a responsibility across this House to talk up British businesses and the workers in those jobs, not to talk them down.
May I convey in the strongest possible terms to the junior Minister the anger and anxiety that is felt by my constituents in Aberdeen?
Right now they are providing energy security to each and every one of us on these isles, as well as revenue to his Treasury, yet their only reward, and the only certainty they seem to have on this Government’s watch, is that of looming job losses.
May I ask—[Interruption.]
He shakes his head.
May I ask him to come to Aberdeen and explain to my constituents when he is going to listen to the trade unions, the academics, the workers and the industry and protect that industry, not only for our energy security but for Scotland’s economy?
I am in Aberdeen regularly and do meet constituents of the right hon.
Member who work in renewables, carbon capture and hydrogen as well as in oil and gas.
It is his constituents who will benefit from the investments that Great British Energy will make, for example, which he failed to vote for, and who tell me that after a long period of having no credible plan—[Interruption.]
He can shout me down all he wants; he asked a question— Order.
I brought  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  in early because I thought that was right for his constituents and because he had applied for an UQ,
but I do expect a little respect, even if he does not like the answer.
The right hon.
Member asks a serious question, and I am trying to give him an answer, if he would but listen for a few moments.
We take the issue of job losses seriously—of course we do—but we have to recognise that over 70,000 jobs have been lost over the past 10 years because there has not been a credible plan on the future of the North sea.
We are going to deliver that alongside new jobs in the energy future.
I also say to the right hon.
Member that I am somewhat confused what the SNP’s policy is on this because, as far as I understood it, it is exactly the same as this Government’s policy, which is to look at the licensing position.
If he is telling us now that the SNP’s position has changed, that is news to me and, I suspect, to the House, but of course, the SNP has not published the draft energy strategy, which has been in draft form for two years, so it is hard for anyone to know.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the UK arm of the company, which is an in-demand business with a highly skilled workforce and many successful contracts, has a long-term future in the UK, particularly in the context of our clean energy jobs plan announced last week and, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  pointed out, some of the risks around the development of offshore wind in Holland?
We have obviously been liaising with the company over quite a long period of time on the restructuring; indeed, the previous Government did as well.
We have been looking at this issue and will continue to work very closely with the company to ensure that there is a viable long-term future for the UK part.
But it is an in-demand business and, as I said just last month, it expanded some of its contracts, which  shows that it is successful.
Of course, it has a highly skilled workforce working in a huge range of jobs right across oil and gas.
The wider question about investment into renewables is also one that we should take seriously.
We have a huge opportunity in the United Kingdom to capitalise on the economic opportunities that come from offshore and onshore wind, hydrogen and carbon capture, but that requires consistency and a view that the UK is a safe place to invest—things that were threatened by the Conservatives.
Anyone who has met businesses in Aberdeen will know that they rely on the oil and gas sector.
This Labour Government’s “net zero at all costs” policy is a disaster for high-quality skills and jobs in the north-east and across Scotland.
What urgent action will the Government take to restore confidence and stability in the energy sector?
I reject the hon.
Member’s assertion that this Government are somehow following a course without looking at the evidence.
Clearly, oil and gas is a crucial part of our energy mix and will be for decades to come—we have been clear on that—but so too is building up what comes next.
That means investing in the supply chains that were so often not part of the building of infrastructure that we have in our waters.
We towed things in and switched them on, but had none of the jobs that went with them.
We are determined to change that, but that comes with having a credible industrial strategy and a long-term plan for the future of the North sea, which we did not have under 14 years of the previous Government.
Incredibly, it is now eight months since the Prime Minister announced £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for the industrial future of Grangemouth.
I have had meetings with numerous companies that have proposals and are, frankly, impatient to get started.
When will this money be spent, and when will those jobs come to my town?
All there is to show for it so far are the bones of an unjust transition and industrial devastation.
We have been looking at a number of proposals.
I met the five companies that are the frontrunners for National Wealth Fund investment, along with the Scottish Government Energy Minister.
A number of propositions are to be taken forward, and I hope we will have an announcement to make in due course.
Of course, we have been trying not to just spend £200 million on the first thing that comes along but to find the genuinely long-term, viable industrial opportunities that deliver jobs at Grangemouth, not just for a year or two but long into the future.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that for far too long the site has been the victim of a lack of planning, and it is an example of a just transition done wrongly.
We want to make that different by having a serious plan for long-term jobs on the site.
The NWF has brought companies to the table, and we will deliver an announcement on that in due course.
I accept the Minister’s comments about Petrofac, but it is a very worrying day not just for the 2,000 workers whose jobs  are at stake but for the entire oil economy in north-east Scotland.
Two things are missing that we desperately need in Scotland: one is investment in the jobs and skills that we will need for the renewable industries the Minister talks about, and the other is the reform of the taxation system and the windfall tax to ensure that it is consistent for the North sea area.
What are the Government going to do about those things?
The hon.
Lady is of course right that any announcements like this are worrying not only for those directly involved but for the wider community.
I entirely recognise that point.
She is right that it is critical to invest in the jobs of the future.
We have worked with the Scottish Government—because we do work with them—to deliver joint funding for transition support so that workers can get the direct skills support they need to move from an oil and gas job into a renewables job.
That is really important, but we also need to see much more upskilling of the next generation, who can take advantage of the jobs we will create in the clean energies of the future.
On the question of taxation, I am afraid that is a matter for the Chancellor.
My constituency includes small and medium-sized enterprises and large businesses that work in renewables, oil and gas, solar, onshore wind and offshore wind.
Does the Minister agree that some of the outbursts today from Opposition Members, both Conservative and SNP, will do nothing but undermine confidence for those companies?
Furthermore, can he please reassure me that he is working extensively with colleges and employers in Scotland to ensure that we see a skills transition from oil and gas into renewables, so that people in my constituency can take full opportunity of the investments that the Government are making?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that huge opportunities are coming.
I have said that we should be proud of the history of oil and gas, and we should also be really proud of what the industry is doing to transition into the future.
We need to do much more to ensure that jobs are delivered now, but certainty and confidence that the plan is not going to change overnight is critical for how we get private sector investment into the UK to deliver on those jobs.
That is also why it is so important that we look at skills in the round.
I have to say that, despite the outbursts today, the SNP in Holyrood and the UK Government are working closely on ensuring that the skills opportunities are delivered.
Would I like that to go further?
Of course I would, and I hope we will have a change of Government and can make that happen.
This only works if we have a serious approach to recognising the challenges, building the jobs of the future and ensuring that people can take advantage of the opportunities right across Scotland.
We urgently need to restore confidence and stability in our oil and gas sector, or we will be here again and again as more and more businesses suffer and more and more jobs are lost, whether in my constituency, across north-east Scotland, in Scotland as a whole or in the UK as a whole—there are oil and gas and energy jobs everywhere in the UK.
The future of Petrofac’s 2,000 skilled and expert staff, as well as the indirect jobs that rely on them, are now at risk and reliant on Petrofac being able to find a buyer for its North sea assets.
Does the Minister think that the job of finding a buyer has been made more or less likely, given that the Government have created, in the industry’s words, “the most unstable fiscal” environment “in the world”?
I have enormous respect for the hon.
Lady, but I have to say that this is not the day to be talking down this particular company.
She can make the wider points about this Government’s policy—I totally recognise that—but this is a hugely important moment in which not to undermine a successful and growing company.
We need to ensure that the suppliers, related companies and customers of Petrofac continue to support that business, because as of today it is operating as normal.
It is incumbent on us all to ensure that that continues to be the case.
We are working closely with the company to ensure that that outcome is delivered—the hon.
Lady is right to mention the wider impact—but those 2,000 jobs and the supply chain jobs that rely on them have continued as normal today, and any suggestion to the contrary is just not correct.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is important to speak responsibly, with care and accuracy, about the successful UK arm of Petrofac?
To do otherwise will only serve to undermine the business and job security that we all want to see across the House.
What steps is he taking to ensure that it has a long-term future in the UK?
I rightly expect to be challenged in the House on the Government’s policies.
A strong back-and-forth exchange is important.
In this one instance, however, and separate from any view that Members might have on the wider policies of this Government, it is important that we come together where we can and say that this is a strong, successful, growing company.
It is in all our interests across the House to talk up the importance of that company’s continuing to be successful so that a buyer or another commercial resolution is found and those jobs can be maintained.
That is surely in all our interests.
Every single one of us has been criticising Government policy, not criticising Petrofac, the expertise and workers at Petrofac, or any of the workers in our oil and gas industry.
The Minister says that he has been spending time in Aberdeen.
Does he have any idea how it feels to be in Aberdeen just now, with another hammer blow coming?
And it is because of the Government’s policies; it is because there is this massive gap.
Skilled workers in the oil and gas industry will just go abroad; they will go elsewhere.
It does not matter whether we retrain them; the jobs are not there for them right now.
What is he going to do to plug that gap?
What will he do to keep these skilled workers in Scotland, in Aberdeen and in these islands, and not drive them away?
I take the hon.
Lady’s first point with a pinch of salt, after her second point that this comes as a hammer blow to the community.
There is no hammer blow; those jobs have been protected—today 2,000 workers are waking up and doing the same job they were doing last week.