The apprenticeships and skills budget, like every other budget, demands choices.
We are choosing to prioritise the level that we need in the economy, and the areas where the value is greatest.
That does imply  certain choices, and I am confident that the choices we have made will benefit the workforce as a whole, and future opportunities.
What steps he is taking to support people with health conditions into work.
What steps he is taking to support people with health conditions into work.
We are determined to open up opportunities in work for people with health conditions.
The Keep Britain Working review will be published soon.
In Pathways to Work, we have 1,000 work advisers supporting this group, and we will devolve powers, so that areas can shape their own joined-up local work, health and skills offer.
I recently visited Pluss in Exeter, which supports people living with physical disabilities and mental health conditions back into employment.
I met some of the fantastically committed mentors, who provide tailored training and support, helping hundreds of people who have been long-term unemployed into meaningful jobs, boosting their confidence and helping them rebuild their lives.
Does the Minister agree that under the last Tory Government, disability employment was shockingly neglected?
In contrast, this Government’s recent announcement about Connect to Work funding for Devon will help many more people back into the workplace.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The disability employment gap has been stuck at around 30 percentage points ever since 2010.
What he refers to in his constituency sounds like a great example of exactly the kind of resource we want to draw on in each area to make sure that disabled people have the opportunities in work that they were denied in the past.
The Motability scheme provides a lifeline to people with disabilities, allowing them to get to health appointments, study, maintain employment and so much more.
Cuts to the scheme risk increased health needs and increased unemployment, which are likely to cost much more than any short-term savings.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that before any proposed cuts are implemented, it is vital to carry out a proper impact assessment?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that there will be no changes to the eligibility conditions for the mobility component of the personal independence payment, or indeed other aspects of PIP, until the conclusion of the review, which I will be leading and co-producing with disabled people.
That is expected to report in autumn next year.
When severe mental illness strikes, it can be devastating and totally debilitating, but the problem from the Department’s point of view is that its symptoms are invisible.
There have been reports of people faking mental illness in  order to gain benefits.
Is the right hon.
Gentleman satisfied that his Department has appropriate checks in place?
Yes, appropriate checks are in place.
As I have just mentioned, we are undertaking a review of the PIP assessment, and we will need to look carefully, together with disabled people, at the way in which those decisions and judgments are made.
At a recent roundtable at the Eyres Monsell club for young people in my constituency, parents told me that their young adults with learning difficulties, who volunteered for years, often with major supermarkets, still struggle to secure work.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that young people with high-functioning learning disabilities in long-term volunteering roles can access clear pathways into paid employment?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very good point.
He will have seen, as many hon.
Members will have done, recent publicity about a particular case of this kind.
At the moment, the proportion of people with severe learning disabilities who are in employment is tiny, so we are working with employers and some very good supported internship programmes in the hope of opening up opportunities for work, and I hope we will see many more opportunities in the future.
We appointed an expert panel earlier this year to look at how better to support people with neurodivergence into work, and the panel is coming forward with some interesting proposals.