I note that last year the new Secretary of State for Work and Pensions said that it is open to debate as to whether the two-child limit is harmful.
I note also that this policy has been the most impactful in driving children—more than 730,000 of them—into poverty.
Will the Minister acknowledge that the two-child limit is harmful and work with Treasury colleagues to overturn it?
I am happy to acknowledge the findings of the Child Poverty Action Group, which I think has put forward the statistics that the hon.
Gentleman sets out.
I remind him and all Members of this House that this is not the only lever available to us and that all levers are under active consideration.
I also remind him,  as I have reminded other colleagues, of the steps that this Government have already taken, including the roll-out of free school meals to all families in receipt of universal credit, which alone will lift 100,000 children out of poverty.
What steps he is taking to ensure that skills provision meets the needs of employers.
The skills White Paper, which we published last week, will create more opportunities.
As I said in response to an earlier question, my remit letter to Skills England makes clear the importance of working closely with employers.
Employers have told us that they want more flexibility in the apprenticeships levy, so the growth and skills offer is delivering that, with more foundation courses and short courses launching next year.
At a recent roundtable meeting in my Thornbury and Yate constituency, small businesses told me about the particular challenges they face in delivering apprenticeships.
Given that the Secretary of State’s Department is now responsible for this important policy area, what is he doing to reform apprenticeships to make them easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to deliver, and what support will he provide so that more can do so?
We want apprenticeships to be available to employers of all sizes.
We have reduced the length of time an apprenticeship needs to take, and I think we can go further with short course flexibility, which should be particularly helpful to small and medium-sized employers.
I recently visited Premier Forest Products in Newport to learn more about the vocational training and employment opportunities that the business is offering to care-experienced young school leavers in Newport, with some wonderful success stories.
Will the Department look at the model that company is creating and can the Secretary of State say more about how the Government are working with businesses to make sure that such opportunities are more accessible for people from all backgrounds, including those who are care-experienced?
I am happy to look at the experience of that particular employer.
I enjoyed a recent visit to a different part of south Wales to open an opportunity hub, which is aimed precisely at getting more young people into work, particularly those who have been out of the labour market through long-term sickness issues.
We want to support Wales in doing that, and we have allocated an extra £10 million to this work over the coming year.
If he will take legislative steps to ensure that companies who previously provided indexation of pension rights accrued before April 1997 but have since lapsed, reintroduce indexation from April 2026.
What steps he is taking to help tackle the potential impact of the lack of indexation on pre-1997 pensionable service in defined benefit pension schemes on people affected.
I obviously recognise the challenges facing those without inflation protection, particularly after the cost of living pressures of recent years, and I think that recognition is shared by Members on both sides of the House.
I met a cross-party group of MPs earlier this year to discuss exactly this issue.
Reforms in the Pension Schemes Bill give trustees more flexibility to share surpluses in their DB pension schemes with employers, and to negotiate for members to benefit from any such sharing of surpluses.
That could include discretionary increases to address the issue raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) .
As a result of the efforts of pensioner associations, we know that there have been unintended consequences of the Pensions Act 1995, which made it legal to stop payment of indexation to the pre-1997 pensioners of successful multinationals such as 3M and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, who, having been recruited with the promise of index-linked pensions, are now suffering hardship.
Their pensions have already been frozen for at least 15 years, despite healthy funds and trustees’ pleas.
What will the Minister do to stop this dishonourable practice, so that these companies deliver the financial security that they promised?
I absolutely recognise the issue that my hon.
Friend has raised: any of us in that situation would want those pension increases to continue.
She is aware of the legal background, but I should point out that scheme rules govern when inflation-linked increases can be paid.
They are not changed retrospectively, but the Pensions Regulator has spelt out that trustees should consider those who are not receiving inflation-linked increases when making their decisions, and should also consider the history of making such awards—particularly in some of the examples that my hon.
Friend has given.
As I have said, I think that the provisions in the Pension Scheme Bill give trustees more power to argue for those increases.
I have been contacted by a constituent who, along with her husband, worked for Hewlett Packard.
They accrued their pensions before 1997, and now, along with about 50,000 members of the Pre-97 Alliance, they are facing real financial hardship.
In 10 years’ time, their pensions will be pretty much worthless.
Will the Minister not consider legislating to ensure that these people are not left in poverty, having been promised proper pensions when they started work for the companies concerned?
The hon.
Lady has mentioned a specific company, although a small number of others are in the same position.
I am sure that not only the people running that company but the trustees will have heard the powerful case made by Members on both sides of the House.
These decisions must be made in line with the scheme rules, but no one wants savers to see the value of their pensions fall over time, and I hope that employers will take the case being made in the Chamber seriously.
What assessment he has made of trends in the level of child poverty in Cornwall.
It is unacceptable that 23% of children in Cornwall are living in relative poverty.
We will set out measures to tackle its structural and root causes in our child poverty strategy later in the year.
Child poverty cannot be tackled if children have nowhere safe to live.
One of the most shameful legacies of the last Tory Government was Cornwall being left with more than 700 children living in temporary accommodation, while only 1.4% of homes are now affordable to families receiving the local housing allowance.
What assessment has the Minister made of the extent to which that shortfall in affordable homes is driving child poverty rates even higher, and what urgent steps will he take to reverse it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the appalling living standards and conditions in which some children—and, indeed, some members of the broader population—find themselves living.
My advice to any Liberal Democrat Member would of course be to stop blocking the homes that we so desperately need.
Let me also remind the hon.
Gentleman that this Government have invested £39 billion in the delivery of social and affordable homes, because, unlike the Liberal Democrats, the Labour party is determined to tackle the housing crisis and to “build, baby, build”.
rose— Order.
This is a Cornish question, and I am calling Perran Moon, so I ask others please not to stand.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
I represent the most deprived constituency in Cornwall, which is itself one of the most deprived areas in northern Europe.
Child poverty shot up under the Conservatives.
Today our local further education college—Cornwall college, rated “outstanding” by Ofsted—is turning away young learners in construction and engineering because of a lack of space.
The college has a solution allowing it to expand, but will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the issue and help our amazing young people to break this cycle of deprivation?
I am sorry to hear of the situation that my hon.
Friend has outlined.
If the Secretary of State is unable to meet him, I would be more than happy to do so.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the youth guarantee trailblazer scheme.
The trailblazers are up and running and have been delivering support for young people since earlier this year.
That includes, for example, mental health support and flexible work experience sessions.
We have extended the programme for a further year, bringing the total funding to £90 million.
The insights from those trailblazers will inform the national roll-out of our youth guarantee.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the actions of this Government, in supporting young people, are in stark contrast to the situation in Scotland, where we have had 18 years of SNP neglect, with the college sector suffering a 20% cut over the past five years?
Does he also agree that, as the energy sector in Scotland transitions to greener forms of energy production, the jobs and skills needed to bolster that industry could be taught at those colleges, and that we risk having a double whammy of young people not being able to take on these important jobs, while lecturers are paid off and our colleges are in dire financial straits?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the importance of the energy transition.
As I said, the Scottish Government are receiving the largest spending review settlement in real terms since devolution was established.
We know that young people in Scotland have the talent, but are their Government backing them by giving them the opportunity?
We believe that a proportion of those funds should be devoted to that.
I am pleased to say that, for example, BAE Systems will be a major beneficiary of the £10 billion deal to build Type 26 frigates for Norway—a critical investment in European security, and one that I hope the Scottish Government have got around to supporting.