There should be no part of the United Kingdom in which we do not give young people the maximum opportunity.
I had a good working relationship with the Northern Ireland Executive in my previous post, and I hope to have a good working relationship with them in this post, with the shared agenda of giving our young people the best possible chance in life.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that benefit sanctions are proportionate when considering neurodiverse claimants.
Work coaches are required to tailor work-related requirements to claimants’ capabilities and circumstances, and they can pause them if that is appropriate.
My constituent Ross has neurodiversities and is in employment, working at a garden centre, but his income is supplemented by universal credit.
After inadvertently missing a telephone appointment with a job coach, he was sanctioned, losing out on two months-worth of rent, and he risked being made homeless and losing his job if his parents had not been there to step in.
Can the Minister assure folks such as Ross that they will be powered up by our benefits system, not punished when they make innocent mistakes?
We certainly do want the system to support people such as Ross.
If work-related requirements are missed, the reason for that should be asked for, with seven days allowed for an answer.
There should also be a pre-referral check before a sanction referral takes place.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to send me the details of what happened in that particular case, I will happily look into it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I am very conscious of the responsibilities of the Department, which touches millions of lives in this country every month.
We have joined up skills and employment support in the Department to bring the skills system closer to the labour market, and, as part of our youth guarantee, we have announced that it will include a backstop jobs guarantee.
Together with that and Connect to Work, we are both tackling the incentives in the system and providing critical support, because my priority is to have a welfare state that looks after people when times are tough, but also provides a platform of opportunity to help get them out of welfare and into work.
At the Conservative party conference, the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury called for the state pension to be means-tested.
This has caused deep concern to pensioners in Monmouthshire who have worked hard all their lives and built up modest savings.
Under the Conservative party’s plans, they would risk losing their state pension.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that, under this Labour Government, the state pension will remain available to all?
I am happy to say that what my hon.
Friend says about means-testing is not the Government’s policy, but can the Conservatives confirm whether it is theirs?
The shadow Chief Secretary let the cat out of the bag.
Can she confirm that this is not her policy, or is it that her leader still sticks to the position she set out earlier this year when she said: “We are going to look at means-testing”?
Are they still looking at it, or are they not?
The good thing is that the Government are only responsible for their own problems.
I call the shadow Secretary of the State.
Indeed, questions are to be answered by the Government on this occasion.
The right hon.
Gentleman has an important and not always easy job.
I am sure that we all remember the fiasco before the summer when the Government tried to make welfare savings and ended up legislating for welfare spending.
Since then, the Prime Minister has said that there is a “clear moral case” for welfare cuts, and the Chancellor has said that she “can’t leave welfare untouched”.
Does the Secretary of State agree?
I notice that the hon.
Lady did not want to clarify the position on means-testing the state pension.
Welfare reform is happening all the time.
We passed important changes to the universal credit system that were voted through by the House and, as I said, we are putting in place important employment support to help not only long-term sick and disabled people but young people into work through many of the policies that I have talked about today.
I cannot help but notice that the Secretary of State continues to attempt to deflect from his job of answering the questions.
The fact is, we just heard that he will not commit to making the welfare savings that his Prime Minister and his Chancellor have said they need to make.
I thought the Prime Minister was meant to be in charge.
Getting people off welfare and into work not only saves money; it is morally wrong to condemn people to a life on benefits.
Without welfare reform, this country is stuck on Labour’s broken record of higher taxes and lower growth.
We have even offered to help the Secretary of State, so why will he not commit to making welfare savings?
We inherited a situation that had 3 million people inactive and almost 1 million people not in employment, education or training.
We are putting in place critical employment support to help long-term sick and disabled people into work, we have changed the incentives through legislation on the universal credit system, and we are increasing the number of face-to-face checks in the system, which fell on the Conservatives’ watch.
What do people think it fell by?
Do we think it fell by 10%?
Do we think it fell by 30%?
No, it fell by 90% under the system over which the hon.
Lady’s Government presided.
Many other hon.
Members have today outlined the proven track record of Access to Work in enabling disabled constituents to access employment, in addition to the challenges posed by the current shortfall in funding.
Some £1 billion-worth of additional employment support funding has been announced this year.
Can the Minister reassure the House that Access to Work remains one of the potential avenues for that funding?
Demand for Access to Work has risen sharply.
I mentioned earlier that spending went up by 17% over the past year, but I do not think Access to Work can replace a well-designed support programme.
That is what we are determined to put in place, and the  Department’s new, independent disability advisory panel will help us work out the best approaches to employment support.