I congratulate the Minister on bringing forward this raft of very important changes.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Rochester and Strood (Lauren Edwards) .
I would ask my hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  to address the points raised—I am not qualified—but I imagine that the purpose of new clause 12 is to make technical changes so that the measures are even more effective, which, clearly, we would all support.
In any case, my understanding is that it would require the Secretary of State to bring forward such changes rather than stipulating what those changes are in detail.
Like others, I warmly congratulate  the hon.
Member for Bolsover (Natalie Fleet)  on a very impressive and powerful speech.
I know that the Minister congratulated her in advance on the campaign she has run.
Equally,  the hon.
Member for Knowsley (Anneliese Midgley)  made a very powerful speech.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler)  and my hon.
Friend the Member for Maidenhead made strong cases as well.
I repeat the reminder of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller)  that the primary purpose—this is certainly what I have always said—of custodial sentences must be public protection.
It is on that issue that I wish to concentrate.
My remarks are entirely informed by a case I have been pursuing on behalf of my constituent Tina Nash.
The Minister is aware of this, because I have corresponded with her on the subject.
Tina was horrifically attacked by her former partner in 2012 for a 12-hour period until she managed to escape.
In that time she was battered and had her eyes gouged out and her jaw and nose broken.
It was an appalling beating that she was lucky to survive—and a survivor she is.
The following year her former partner was jailed for life with a minimum term of six years.
However, earlier this year he was moved to a category D prison, with open conditions.
My constituent was not consulted about this and was only informed about it after the decision had been taken.
Bearing in mind that she is blind, it is understandable that she fears that, if she went out shopping, he could be in her company without her knowledge.
She is incredibly scared as a result of the decision.
She had no say in it, and nor was she consulted.
I tabled new clause 17 to urge the Government to accept that victims have a right to a veto in reasonable circumstances for their own protection—not in all circumstances and not in every condition, but we should certainly ensure that they are properly consulted.
As a result of this experience, I think there are a number of other failings in the system that require the Government to ensure belt-and-braces support for victims throughout the process.
Tina wanted to pursue this matter with the Parole Board, but it did not respond to her until my intervention, and then there was an offer of a meeting.
That is not good enough.
It should not be down to a Member of Parliament to force a response.
She was given the support of the victim contact scheme, which I will come to in a moment.
My constituent was given the opportunity to complain—the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman provided her with a complaint form—but months after she had completed the complaint, she was informed that the ombudsman had assumed she was the prisoner, not the victim.
Can that level of incompetence or her treatment throughout the process be believed?
She was treated appallingly, while the process wasted her time and stressed her out.
Her complaint was rejected as outside the PPO’s remit—that fact was not initially communicated to her—which caused her enormous distress and confusion.
Despite circumstances in which she was blinded by her perpetrator, she still somehow has to navigate and overcome all these processes and problems.
Of course, the PPO apologised for its error, but with a lack of empathy for my constituent in an officious response that directed her to the Victims’ Commissioner.
I turn to Tina’s interfacing with the victim liaison officer and the victim contact scheme.
This week, I received further communication from her in which she said that she has been attempting to seek support from the service and made inquiries about the restorative options that might be available, as mentioned by my hon.
Friend the Member for Wimbledon.
I thought it was incredibly brave of her even to consider that in such circumstances, but she was prepared at least to explore what that would mean, how she would go about it and so on.
Tina got a response from her victim contact officer.
In her message to me, she said: “He shouted at me that the perpetrator is scared of me.
So they are now trying to make me feel like I am the perpetrator and the perpetrator is the victim…and they have to protect him.”
That is from the victim contact scheme, which is there to support the victim, not to defend the perpetrator—what is going on?
She continued: “So I have removed myself from the victim contact scheme.
I do not trust them…I am not being supported.”
That simply is not good enough.
What is happening to the system to allow such circumstances to arise?
Hon.
Members might think that my new clause, which would entitle victims to a veto, is an unreasonable request, but something has to be done.
Tina has been appallingly let down by the system.
If a victim who has gone through all that is treated in such a manner, we really do need to strengthen the system and not allow it to continue as it is.
She has been told that her perpetrator is now remorseful and contrite about the whole thing, but I wonder whether psychopathy of people of that nature is fully understood.
They can be as violent as that, and they can also act up and persuade professionals that they are remorseful.
I think it is theatrical contrition and insincere repentance, and I worry that the system is vulnerable to such people.
I urge the Minister to look again at this area and ensure that victims and survivors are properly supported.
Ordered, That the following amendment to the Standing Orders relating to private business be made: in  Standing Order No. 224 —Examination of public bills by Examiners —after paragraph 6, insert— “(6A)
In the case of a public bill in relation to which the Examiner decides standing orders are applicable, or of any additional provision in such a bill, the Examiner will not report that the bill, or additional provision, is non-compliant with a standing order on the ground that the date, or dates, specified in the standing order has, or have, not been complied with, provided that the Examiner is satisfied that anything which was required to be done on, or by, a date specified in that standing order has been done on, or by, a date that is appropriate, having regard to the purpose of the standing order in question.
”—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
Before we begin today’s business, I want to make a short statement on the work of the Speaker’s Conference.
The House knows how seriously I take the security of this House and its Members, staff and families, and so a year ago, I established the conference to consider the security of Members, candidates and elections, and the threats against them.
I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the many Members and Members’ staff who contributed their time and insights to the conference.
Your experiences have been vital in shaping the findings and recommendations outlined in the report.
We published our first report in June, and today we publish our second and final report.
We now come to topical questions to the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
I call Catherine Fookes.
[Interruption.]
I beg your pardon; I have been given the wrong piece of paper.