Just when we think the Government can stoop no lower, they release a sickening detention video, using real-life trauma to show their voters how tough they are.
Who instructed the civil service to produce such a piece?
Can we have an apology from the Home Office for its appalling misjudgment in electioneering with this footage, and a debate on whether the concept of electoral purdah still exists?
If it does, who the heck regulates it?
Meanwhile, the disastrously handled Brexit border checks are causing further chaos, as predicted.
The Leader of the House may have seen the reports from the Sevington inland border facility about lorries with perishable goods, the prospect of rotting food and flowers being binned, compromised biosecurity and, of course, crashed IT systems.
We have confusion, delay and additional crippling costs—otherwise known as Brexit.
I was in the House yesterday for the statement that the Business and Trade Secretary hurriedly brought out, and she seemed to brush aside these failures to prepare as mere supply chain issues, preferring to brag about Brexit.
The thing is, her figures rely on a growth in service exports—City pals are doing very well.
Meanwhile, the British Chambers of Commerce, which knows a thing or two about the issue, describes the much-warned-of mess at Sevington as “the straw that breaks the camel’s back” for many UK businesses.
This is terribly serious for our small and medium-sized enterprises, particularly our farmers and fishers.
Do the Government care?
For the third time, I ask the Leader of the House for an urgent debate specifically on the Tory trade tax so that someone can be held responsible to the House for this cack-handed mess.
Will she take it up?
It seems that business questions have become nothing more than a venue for parading opinions.
As Madam Deputy Speaker had to remind the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House last week, business questions are about the business of this House, so can we leave the scripted opinions on Scotland and her Government to one side for once and have a debate, in Government time, on the unbelievable mess at Sevington and its impact on the wider supply chain?
Or will she, too, just ignore this crisis of her own Government’s making, raise a laugh for her nervous Back Benchers and opine on Scotland instead—a country about which she knows little and cares less?
The first issue that the hon.
Lady raises is a matter of taste about videos that I understand the Home Office has produced, which show, I assume for the reassurance of the British public, that those who do not have the right to remain in the UK will be deported.
There are images of people being put into the back of police vehicles.
Scotland has produced quite a few similar videos—although the people being put into the back of police cars have been members of the SNP.
I will certainly ensure that the Home Secretary has heard the hon.
Lady’s concerns, and that they are taken into account.
The hon.
Lady asserts various things about the border operating model.
Many of the things that she points to are not true.
The system has not gone down, and she is incorrect about the other issues that her party has been reporting.
Some customers are having issues, but they are being resolved.
I really hope that the SNP will one day acknowledge the hard work of Scotland’s business community, including businesses that are providing services and exporting them around the world.
We are the largest net exporter of financial and insurance services, and many of those businesses are in the hon.
Lady’s constituency and the surrounding area.
Edinburgh is the second largest financial centre in Europe, behind only the City of London, which is something to be immensely proud of.
The work that we are doing not just on trade deals, but on our memorandums of understanding—for example, with the United States at state level—means that it is easier for an accountant in her constituency to work on a project in the United States than it is for an accountant in the state next door.
That is something to be celebrated, and has led to our being the fourth largest exporter overall.
I hope that the hon.
Lady might reflect on that and consider it in her exchange with me next week.
I am proud of the work that I and colleagues across the House did, along with our dear, departed friend Sir David Amess, to raise the issue of endometriosis, a terrible  disease that affects millions of women across the country.
It is only since we started to raise the issues around it that its profile has risen.
I am surprised to learn how many young women do not know about the disease, which is not in the sex and health education curriculum in schools.
Can we have a debate, through the Department for Education, on ensuring that gynaecological diseases are in the curriculum for both girls and boys, because if someone does not know a disease exists, how will they know they might have it?