A key sector of the manufacturing economy is the plastics industry, which employs 155,000 people and has an annual turnover of £28.7 billion.
In July 2023, the UK Government began a consultation on the plastic packaging tax and the methodology behind it.
In February, some 14 organisations signed a joint letter to the Government urging the swift publication of that consultation.
When exactly do the Government expect to be able to respond to that long-overdue consultation?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: the UK plastics industry is highly important and contributed £8.2 billion to the economy last year.
I am aware of the consultation, which is led by the Treasury, and I will ensure that he gets a reply.
What recent progress she has made on increasing levels of trade with the United States.
Over the past two years, UK-US trade has grown 35% from £230 billion to £311 billion, while shared investment between our two nations now totals over £1.1 trillion.
In March, following the excellent work of our trade envoy, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bournemouth West (Sir Conor Burns) , I signed a state-level arrangement with Texas.
That means that UK businesses now have memorandums of understanding with eight US states with a combined GDP equivalent to a quarter of the whole US economy.
I am delighted to report that US motorsport giant Andretti has shown a massive vote of confidence in the UK by taking 40,000 square feet of facilities in Buckinghamshire, with another 70,000 square feet on order, and is already employing over 100 people locally in high-tech jobs.
That clearly opens up huge opportunities for automotive and motorsport supply-chain businesses on both sides of the pond, including General Motors.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming Andretti to the UK in its bid to get on to the Formula 1 grid, and what more can she do to ensure that automotive and motorsport supply chains can operate on both sides of the Atlantic?
I was delighted to see my hon.
Friend visit the opening of Andretti Global’s new facility in Silverstone last month.
I wish it luck as it continues its preparations to enter Formula 1.
That investment is another vote of confidence in the world-leading innovation that the UK has to offer.
Andretti Global will also specifically benefit from the MOU that we have signed with Indiana, which will enhance our trade relationship in key areas, including advanced manufacturing.
Whether UK wine companies have sought advice from her Department on preparations for producing wine in pint measures under the Weights and Measures (Intoxicating Liquor) (Amendment) Regulations 2024.
The 568 ml pint quantity is one of several changes to pre-packed wine sizes that are expected to come into force on  19 September 2024 , supporting the thriving UK wine sector by providing opportunities for innovation and greater choice.
In light of those changes, Wine GB—which represents producers—said: “We welcome the chance to be able to harmonise still and sparkling bottle sizes and we are happy to raise a glass to the greater choice that allows UK producers for domestic sales.”
That answer is nowhere near as definitive as the press release that the Minister’s Department put out on  27 December  last year—which is still on the Government website—with the headline “‘Pints’ of wine stocked on Britain’s shelves for the first time ever”.
That headline did not say “will be stocked”, “might be stocked” “could be stocked”, or “to be stocked”; it implied that pints of wine were, and are, available to buy right now in shops across the UK.
Will the Government admit that the reality is that there has been little to no demand for, or interest in, that supposedly glorious Brexit benefit, and that in fact it is entirely possible that pints of wine will never be stocked on UK shelves?
It is never difficult to distinguish the hon.
Gentleman from a ray of sunshine, is it?
Our wine industry is thriving, with over 900 vineyards across Great Britain.
The UK wine industry produced 12.2 million bottles of wine in 2022, and our new post-Brexit powers provide us with new options.
Those include new legislation that aligns existing sizes across still and sparking pre-packed wine so that both can be sold in 200 ml and 500 ml quantities, for which we know there is good demand.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential impact of New Zealand’s proposed Fast-track Approvals Bill on its obligations under the UK-New Zealand free trade agreement environment chapter.
In March, the UK and New Zealand highlighted the importance of our environmental commitments at the first ever environment committee under our new free trade agreement.
We continue to engage with New Zealand on implementing the environmental chapter, and will monitor the proposed Bill that the hon.
Lady mentioned during its passage through New Zealand’s Parliament.
The New Zealand FTA entered into force on  31 May 2023 .
It contains a commitment in article 22 that each party will not “waive or otherwise derogate from, or offer to waive or otherwise derogate from, its environmental laws in a manner that weakens or reduces the protection afforded in that law”.
Is there not a danger that the fast-track approvals will erode those protections?
What steps will the Government take to ensure that New Zealand absolutely upholds its commitments under the FTA?
As I said, we will continue to monitor the passage of that proposed legislation, but the hon.
Lady must recognise that the UK and New Zealand are incredibly like-minded in these areas—on climate, the environment and clean growth.
The environment chapter in our free trade agreement is one of the most ambitious in any FTA anywhere in the world.
It breaks new ground for both the UK and New Zealand in supporting our shared climate and environmental goals, clean growth, and the transition to a net zero economy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Post Office governance is a priority for the Government, and I have said many times that it is vital  that we have the right people leading that organisation.
I am therefore pleased to tell the House that, on Wednesday, I announced the appointment of Nigel Railton as its interim chair.
Having previously been chief executive of Camelot, Nigel brings a wealth of experience of transforming organisations, and I am confident that he is the right person to lead the Post Office through this period.
Nigel Railton will take up his post as soon as possible, and will be invited to give Ministers his views on the future direction of the Post Office in due course.
When will the Government admit that their Brexit dream of people quaffing pints of wine and invoking the spirit of Churchill was always a fantasy, and that the reality is, in fact, a Brexit nightmare of border checks, reduced consumer choice and business closures?
It is nonsense to say that this reduces consumer choice; it actually increases consumer choice.
I cannot imagine why anyone would be complaining about the sale of pints of wine.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not like them, he does not have to buy them.
I know that my right hon.
and hon.
Friends in the Department have been looking into the closure of Kelsale post office, an outreach service in my constituency.
Very recently, we voted through more money to subsidise the Post Office, including £50 million for rural branches.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State make sure that that money is allocated?
I know that the Post Office is trying to cut costs, but that should not be at the expense of customers in Kelsale.