Alongside the despair and financial pressures faced by small businesses, the British Poultry Council recently reported that unreciprocated EU border checks have unfairly saddled UK exporters with £55 million a year in extra costs, while their EU counterparts pay absolutely nothing.
Does the Minister agree that this Government’s failure to negotiate a fair sanitary and phytosanitary agreement with the EU has directly undermined British businesses and exposed our exporters to severe competitive disadvantages?
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman’s question is put that way.
We are trying to make sure that we have a fair and level playing field for UK exporters and EU exporters.
Of course we need checks on the borders on that basis—it would not be fair to UK producers if that was not the case—but what he is pushing for in a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement is what his hon.
Friend  the hon.
Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas)  was pushing for: dynamic alignment with the EU, which would lock us into EU rules permanently.
We do not believe in that.
We believe we have a bright future outside the European Union.
He would lock us back into the customs union and the single market.
What recent assessment she has made of the contribution of the manufacturing sector to the economy.
The UK is a global hub for advanced manufacturing, and according to the OECD, the UK’s manufacturing sector has had the fastest growth in the G7 since 2010.
The importance of the sector was highlighted in the Manufacturing Technologies Association’s recent “The true impact of UK manufacturing” report.
Manufacturing contributed £217 billion gross value added to the UK economy in 2023, and plays an outsized role in the key drivers of growth, including by accounting for over 40% of UK exports.
The UK leads the way in areas such as artificial intelligence, robotics and the internet of things, which are important for our future, especially in manufacturing.
How is that strengthening British businesses and the British economy?
It is well known across the House that my hon.
Friend is a strong champion for manufacturing and advanced technologies.
The Government are also strongly committed to supporting research and development and innovation, because they contribute significantly to our economic growth.
In particular, industrial technologies such as robotics and AI are supporting manufacturing businesses to be more productive and sustainable.
That is why the Government have increased R&D investment to £20 billion a year, and are expanding Made Smarter, our highly successful industrial digitisation programme for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Mainly because of this House’s worship of the false idol of net zero, electricity costs to businesses in the UK are four and a half times higher than those in China and three times higher than those in India.
Can the Minister explain how manufacturing businesses in the UK can compete with that on world markets?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will join me in welcoming the introduction of the British industry supercharger, which reduces electricity costs for major energy-intensive industries.
I hope that it will benefit businesses in his constituency and across the country.