What progress she has made on helping businesses to reach her target level of exports.
What progress she has made on supporting businesses to reach £1 trillion in annual exports.
UK exports were £862 billion in the 12 months to February.
UK services exports reached a record £472 billion in the same period, which is an increase of 10%—they went up by £42 billion.
Businesses, including small and medium-sized enterprises, can access my Department’s wealth of export support at great.gov.uk.
That support includes the UK Export Academy, which has had more than 18,000 registrations; our 160 international trade advisers, who help about 6,000 SMEs each year; and 388 export champions, across every part of the UK.
Are we really the fourth largest exporter in the world?
I am pleased to tell my right hon.
Friend that we are.
There are many, many more good statistics, which he will find in the publication my Department produced at the end of January; it contains further good news stories on UK exports.
The UK is a global exporting superpower and the world’s second  biggest services exporter.
Services exports to the European Union are at a record high and have increased by 36% since 2018.
My right hon.
Friend has just detailed very encouraging data, much of which results from the hard work of SMEs.
Will she give a bit more information about what support is available specifically to SMEs to help them grow and export more of their products and services?
The Department has declared this year the year of the SME.
People often hear news that sounds as though it is just about big business, but SMEs employ most of the people in the UK.
We have a network of 160 international trade advisers and our export support services.
We have also put in place schemes such as a Help to Grow management course, which 5,290 participants had completed by November.
We also have a business support service, which provides support to about 30,000 people in England every year.
Further to those comments about SMEs, in the light of the termination of the trade show access programme, which supported SMEs in gaining international market exposure, what is the Government’s strategy to provide equivalent or enhanced support to ensure UK food products remain competitive within EU markets?
We know that a lot of people are disappointed that we closed the trade show programme, but it was a pilot programme and it did not yield the business successes that we had hoped.
We are investing in those things that are providing success and demonstrating real benefits.
The UK Export Academy is one of them, along with the export support service, as I mentioned, and the international trade advisers.
Many of them will have expertise in food and drink.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to us with a specific case, we will be happy to help.