The Prime Minister’s trade envoys provide invaluable support in progressing the UK’s trade and investment agenda in 61 markets across the world.
The travel costs incurred by the Prime Minister’s trade envoys were: £63,566 for the financial year 2021-22; £226,014 for 2022-23; and £232,325 for 2023-24.
These costs were for flights, for accommodation when the official British residence was unavailable and for other sundry expenses.
There is a great deal of murkiness about the trade envoys.
I note that, in answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) , the Minister point blank refused to deny that at least one trade envoy has explicitly asked for the exclusive use of a house while acting as a trade envoy.
The Minister has point blank refused to publish the breakdown of all the trade envoys and their costs for absolutely spurious reasons.
If a Select Committee visits South Korea, for instance, all the details of the costs are published, but not if a trade envoy goes.
How can we possibly judge whether the £750,000 that has been spent so far in the past three years has been well spent?
Is there any accountability whatsoever, or is this really just a means of providing sinecures for people who are liked in Government?
Well, there is a lot of bluster there and not a few accusations.
The hon.
Gentleman may wish to try to stack these things up a bit.
It is a cross-party programme, not a Government-only programme.
Many Labour MPs, Labour peers and others are members of the programme.
Gifts and hospitality are already published in departmental registers.
If I may say so, Mr Speaker, two qualifications for this cross-party role are diplomacy and discretion, which might explain why not everybody has been asked to do it.
What recent discussions she has had with the Scottish Government on the promotion of Scottish products in overseas markets.
My Department works closely with the Scottish Government and their agencies to promote Scottish products in overseas markets.
We have recently delivered  our Made in Scotland, Sold to the World exporter roadshow in Glasgow.
On top of that, I am pleased to say that the PG Paper Company, a brilliant Scottish business, has just received an award in this year’s Made in the UK, Sold to the World awards.
The value of Scotland’s oil exports to the EU reached £9.4 billion in 2023, with total oil exports up 14.7%, so the value of oil as an export commodity cannot be overstated.
Those billions of pounds in exports can be balanced against the modest £80 million investment that would increase Grangemouth’s profitability threefold, secure its long-term future and save Grangemouth from closure.
Does the Secretary of State accept that it would be absurd for Scotland to be the only major oil-producing nation without a refinery capacity, and will she agree to meet me to discuss this matter further, given that the Scottish Government are otherwise occupied?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this issue.
It is something that we are concerned about and the UK and Scottish Governments are working together to understand all the options for the future of the refinery, and working closely on the issue through forums such as the Grangemouth Future Industry Board.
I am very happy to meet him—as are other Ministers—to discuss this matter further.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, while there has been great progress in promoting and increasing the export of traditional Scottish products, such as whisky, we also need to support new businesses, such as one in South Lanarkshire that is keen to expand electronic vehicle infrastructure into the United States?
Yes, my right hon.
Friend is quite right: our exports need to be about the future, not just about the traditional industries, such as Scottish whisky, which are the pride of Scotland and of the UK.
Electric vehicles are one way that we will hit our net zero target, and this is an area that the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is focused on and that I support in Business and Trade.
If there is anything specific that we can look into for his constituency, we would be very happy to help.
What steps she is taking to support jobs in steel supply chains.
The UK Government’s £500 million grant will safeguard steelmaking in Port Talbot, 5,000 jobs in the company and thousands more in supply chains across the UK that would otherwise have been under serious threat.
The transition board, with a further £100 million of funding—£80 million from the UK Government and £20 million from Tata—will also support those affected.
That funding will help supply chain businesses to strengthen and diversify their customer base, creating sustainable jobs and business opportunities in Port Talbot and the wider region.
When it is finally introduced, the carbon border adjustment mechanism will provide a vital tool to ensure that British steelworkers have a level playing field so that they can compete against heavily polluting steel industries in other parts of the world, but recent media reports have indicated that India is lobbying No. 10 for an exemption from the UK CBAM.
Does the Minister recognise that CBAMs work only if they are comprehensive across all countries and sectors, and if we start giving exemptions here or there the entire policy will unravel?
That is particularly important given that Tata’s plan for Port Talbot is based on importing millions of tonnes of semi-finished product steel from India, a country that produces its steel with significantly higher carbon intensity.
Will the Minister confirm that under no circumstances will India be given an exemption from the UK carbon border adjustment mechanism?
A yes or no answer will suffice.
I was pleased to visit the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency as part of my first round of visits in this new role.
I look forward to meeting him again later this month.
He is right that the Government are committed to ensuring that UK decarbonisation efforts lead to a true reduction in global emissions.
The CBAM policy is still being designed.
The consultation is ongoing, and I recommend that he contributes to it.
Residents in Scunthorpe are particularly concerned about steel supply chain jobs related to virgin steelmaking.
My hon.
Friend’s predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wealden (Ms Ghani) , was very clear from the Dispatch Box that we obviously need a place for virgin steelmaking in the UK, and that that place is Scunthorpe.
Will he confirm that he agrees with her, and that nothing is off the table in his negotiations with British Steel?
I was pleased to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency to meet steelworkers and British Steel management during my visits last month.
I know that she is a passionate and dedicated champion for her community and for steelworkers there.
I look forward to meeting her again next week ahead of the visit of the Secretary of State to her constituency, and to discussing these matters and others.