First, I thank the Leader of the House for her kind words about Lord Stunell of Hazel Grove.
We lost a wonderful friend and colleague, who, until the very end, campaigned for his community and called out injustices across the country.
My sincere condolences go to his family at this time.
We Liberal Democrats have for many years called for tougher controls on UK exports of arms to ensure they are not used in human rights abuses.
We have called for a presumption of denial to apply to countries whose Governments are listed in the Foreign Office’s annual “Human Rights and Democracy” report.
A presumption of denial would mean that the default position of the UK Government is not to permit arms exports.
For many years, the Foreign Office has listed human rights issues arising from action that the Israeli Government have carried out in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
In the light of a possibly imminent humanitarian catastrophe in Rafah, if the Israeli Government are carrying out their threat to attack, may we have an urgent debate in Government time about UK arms exports to the middle east?
I send our thoughts to all Liberal Democrats, who have lost a treasured member of their party.
It is said of Andrew Stunell that he was the activists’ activist, and I know that he will be greatly missed.
On UK arms export control, the hon.
Lady will know that we have stringent policies in this country and that the actions that are taken stemming from those policies are scrutinised by this House.
We take this incredibly seriously.
As for the specifics, I also point her to the fact that we have seen Israel have to defend itself against the most unwarranted and reckless attack from Iran.
It is very important not only that we say that Israel has a right to defend itself, but, because it is one of our allies and partners, that we understand our obligations to enable it to do so.
These are difficult matters and she will know that both the Government’s policy and the procedures in this House to scrutinise the actions that come from this policy are stringent indeed.
“The Long Call” by Ann Cleeves was written about my constituency and filmed there.
Inspired by the Woodyard community centre in the novel, a number of third sector organisations are looking to support and bring together different third sector groups in a safe and accessible space for work, ideally breathing life back into one of the derelict buildings that North Devon has far too many of.
Might  my right hon.
Friend lend her signature to a copy of the novel for the charities involved, in order to help raise much-needed funds?
Will she also help us secure a debate in Government time on how we can ensure that small third sector organisations best work together to share administrative costs?'