Shoplifting cost UK retailers £1.8 billion in 2023, the highest figure on record.
The Government’s £200 shoplifting threshold has effectively decriminalised this offence, which is costing businesses dear.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Home Secretary about scrapping it, as Labour plans to do, so retailers and customers are protected and high street businesses can thrive?
It is not true to say that we have decriminalised thefts under £200.
The hon.
lady needs to speak to police officers and her local chief constable to make sure she understands how this works.
I have worked very closely with the Home Office and the Policing Minister to make sure we have a retail crime action plan, which includes a vexatious offence with more severe sentences for people who assault shop  workers.
We have got an action plan together and it is working well with retailers, and I am very keen to see her support that plan.
Well, it is not working, and the Minister and the Secretary of State should take this seriously, because it is damaging our high streets and causing huge concern up and down the country.
He and the Secretary of State should go and meet those businesses, and hear from them directly.
Turning to another issue, we have seen 14 years of Conservative under-investment in public infrastructure, a failure to provide certainty and a failure to get a grip on the economy.
Business investment has also suffered.
Had it matched the average investment levels of France, Germany and the US, our GDP would be nearly 4% higher today, and wages would have been boosted by £1,250 a year.
Can the Secretary of State outline how she plans to fix this crippling investment gap, and what will she do to make sure businesses get the support they need so that we can get the economic growth this country desperately needs after 14 years of under-investment?
I remember a time when Labour Members were telling everyone that we should not invest in nuclear, and it is under this Conservative Government that we are investing in nuclear infrastructure.
That has only happened under Conservative Governments.
The hon.
Lady asks about the plan.
I would remind her about the global investment summit we had in November, which raised nearly £30 billion in one day.
No one is better than our current Prime Minister at delivering inward investment for this country.
Business investment is rising, and it is rising because of the policies that he and the Chancellor have put in place, such as capital expensing.
Yesterday, I was pleased to meet a number of UK aerospace businesses demonstrating and showcasing extraordinary innovation right here in the United Kingdom, including Safran, which has a significant base in Pitstone in my constituency.
Can I ask my hon.
Friend what the Department has done to ensure that we can increase aerospace exports?