Three members of the Williams family in Gowerton, in my constituency, have had their His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs contact address changed to the same unknown address without their knowledge, consent or authorisation.
As well as raising clear general data protection regulation concerns, that is having huge implications for Department for Work and Pensions issues that they face, and impacting on their credit score.
I have seen the HMRC response to the mother’s complaint—it gave no answers; I have seen all the correspondence.
The family has had phone calls from bailiffs and they are scared.
They are capable, competent people but they are unable to get a response.
Does the Leader of the House share my concerns about this serious data breach?
Will she alert and raise this issue with the relevant Ministers and Departments, and advise me on how to resolve it?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Lady’s constituents are suffering in that way.
The situation sounds completely bonkers and if she gives me further details after business questions, we will get it sorted this afternoon.
Her constituents should not have to put up with that.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith)  seems to be really pleased with the Opposition’s new recruit, but it will make not one jot of difference to their voting figures because  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) , who has moved sides, is rarely in the House.
I have spoken before about my Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022.
It came into force in February last year, and makes it a criminal offence to exploit vulnerable children by arranging for them to be married.
I have spoken to teachers and lecturers who know nothing about the Act.
We must ensure that teachers, lecturers, faith leaders and the police know how to spot the signs of potential forced or arranged marriages.
Will the Leader of the House speak to her colleagues across Government to ensure that we get these messages across much more effectively to communities throughout the country?