The Minister has been clear about the extremely dangerous situation in Sudan.
I have a number of constituents still waiting for the UK Government to process their applications for their family members to come to safety here, and hampered by the inability to travel over international borders.
What conversations has he had with his counterparts in neighbouring countries such as Egypt to allow facilitation of the movement of people through there out of the dangers in Sudan to safety in the UK?
We talk continually to the surrounding countries and have given specific support to Chad in dealing with people coming over the border.
The situation in Sudan that the hon.
Lady describes is absolutely appalling, with nearly 18 million people urgently needing food.
If she wishes to discuss her specific cases with me and the Foreign Office, we should do so straight after Question Time.
This year marks the 120th anniversary of the signing of the entente cordiale with France, 80 years since D-day and 30 years since the opening of the Channel tunnel.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is an incredibly important moment to reinvigorate that important bilateral relationship?
My right hon.
Friend will have seen the stratospheric improvement in relations with France and its President that have taken place under our right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister.
He and I were celebrating 120 years of the entente cordiale at the French residence last week.
I have no doubt that that relationship, especially now, is in excellent condition.
Women are unequally affected in conflict.
We have heard accounts of horrific rapes perpetrated by Hamas, of women assuming heavy care responsibilities due to failing medical infrastructure in Gaza, and of women being trafficked out of Nigeria, to name three recent examples.
Will the Minister comment on the Department’s work to provide a better future for women in conflict zones?
The hon.
Lady has raised a most important matter.
Women bear the brunt of poverty, conflict and starvation.
That is why the British Government have made it clear, particularly in the White Paper, that this matter remains a top priority.
The White Paper announced £38 million of additional spending to support women’s rights organisations.
As we know, women’s rights are under threat all around the world, and we are doing everything we can to support girls and women.
As new heartbreaking testimonies of Hamas’s use of sexual violence and rape come to light from survivors of the  7 October  attack, what assessment has my right hon.
Friend made of the silence of many international organisations, such as the International Red Cross, on that appalling issue?
I hope that my hon.
Friend will draw strength and satisfaction from the fact that the British Government are not silent on that very important matter.
I am sure that the Minister was as shocked as I was by Venezuela’s actions towards Guyana last year.
Will he update the House, and me—I have Guyanese heritage —on what steps the Government are taking to uphold Guyana’s sovereignty?