Since the summer of 2021, when the hopes and dreams of so many women and girls in Afghanistan were snuffed out, we have been struggling to get a strategy together.
For 20 years the UK, international partners and Afghans themselves fought for a more hopeful future for women and girls.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken with international partners to develop a sustained strategy for working in the region so that we can regain a sense of hope for the 40 million Afghans left behind to a future devoid of opportunity?
The hon.
Lady highlights the frustration that we all feel.
We are working closely with international partners at a number of levels to ensure credible monitoring not only of the violence and threats against religious minorities but of the challenges for women and girls across the piece.
We co-sponsored a Human Rights Council resolution extending the mandate of the UN special rapporteur to monitor and report on the human rights situation, to try to make decisions together on how to tackle it.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the UK’s diplomatic relationship with China.
The Government set out their approach to China in the integrated review refresh last year.
We must continue to engage with China to work towards open, constructive and stable relations to manage disagreements, defend our freedoms and co-operate where our interests align.
The Foreign Secretary spoke with China’s Foreign Minister Wang Yi on  5 December  in pursuit of those objectives.
The results of economic modelling from the Rhodium Group, the RAND Corporation and, earlier this month, Bloomberg on the impact on global GDP of either an economic blockade by China on Taiwan or a full-scale invasion, are horrifying.
Am I right that the Government have done their own economic modelling for both those scenarios?
If so, will the Minister publish it?
The hon.
Gentleman highlights the importance of understanding and planning for such economic coercion.
This is an area of policy that sits within my portfolio in the FCDO.
Across Government, we currently have a lot of focus on thinking about how we can build resilience in UK interests and support partners.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Government are pursuing vital British national interest priorities.
We are supporting Ukraine, and the Prime Minster has announced a further package of military support.
We support Israel’s right to self-defence and are working towards a sustainable ceasefire and tackling the  humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
We continue strongly to support freedom of navigation on the high seas and to seek to make progress on Sudan.
We are implementing the international development White Paper, which has been well received around the world.
I continue to deputise for the Foreign Secretary in this House and regularly seek to keep the House updated.
The United Nations special rapporteur on the right to food, Michael Fakhri, said at the weekend that more than 2 million people in Gaza were facing “inevitable famine”.
Now that the Government have opted to halt funding to the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, how do they intend to ensure that the urgently needed humanitarian aid—as called for in the International Court of Justice ruling last week and which was central to the ruling—will continue to be delivered to the innocent men, women and children in Gaza, who must have a right to food?
As I set out, the Government’s highest immediate priority is to ensure that aid and humanitarian support get into Gaza.
We are relentlessly pursuing that objective.
I have set out where we are on UNRWA, but there is no immediate effect on the food that it seeks to deliver in Gaza today.
I understand that my noble Friend the Foreign Secretary will shortly be visiting India, our friend and key ally in the region.
Will the Minister set out what the Foreign Secretary will be aiming to achieve, particularly at a time when we are negotiating a free trade deal and building on the co-operation we already have?
Although I cannot comment in detail on future ministerial plans, I assure my hon.
Friend that the UK Government have a broad and deep partnership with the Government of India.
The Foreign Secretary has ambitions to further strengthen that relationship through trade and wider people-to-people relationships in defence, science and technology.
On  13 November , in his first bilateral meeting, the Foreign Secretary discussed some of these issues with External Affairs Minister Jaishankar.