The Minister has said several times in the last few days that the Government’s decision to suspend funding for UNRWA should not affect that agency’s ability to deliver immediate aid in the region.
If it transpires in the days and weeks ahead that the opposite is the case and the agency is being compromised, will the Government immediately review their decision?
Yesterday, I spoke to the head of UNRWA, Philippe Lazzarini.
I made the point that it is essential that his review—which of course he is not conducting; the UN is conducting it—is completed as fast as possible for the reasons the hon.
Gentleman set out.
I am reasonably confident that it can be conducted within the next two months, and the British Government are watching this carefully.
Will the Minister confirm whether the Government have undertaken any further military action in Yemen since  11 January ?
If so, will he clarify whether the Government’s long-term plan includes committing to sustained military action in one of the poorest countries of the world?
We are careful to ensure that our response to the Houthis in Yemen is proportionate and right.
We are conscious of the importance of getting food into Yemen to feed people who are starving.
That process is hindered by the grossly irresponsible acts of the Houthi terrorists.
Yasin Malik, a political leader of the Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front, was given a life sentence in 2022.
The Indian authorities appealed that sentence last year, seeking the death penalty, and the judgment is due on  14 February .
Given the UK’s long-standing opposition to the death penalty, what discussions has the Minister had with the Indian authorities about this important case?
We always continue to make it clear that we disagree with the death penalty.
My colleague the Minister for South Asia raised this issue most recently on  10 January , and we continue to highlight it.
I know that he would be happy to discuss the case with the hon.
Lady, if she wishes.
The Foreign Office recorded over 500 deaths of UK nationals in Thailand in 2022, some 135 of which were of undetermined  cause.
In 2022 and the 10 years before then, no murders were recorded of UK nationals in Thailand.
My constituent’s son was murdered in Thailand in 2019.
Does the Minister still maintain that UK nationals do not get murdered in Thailand?
We work closely with Thailand, and our officials in the country, led by our ambassador, do a great deal of work around these difficult issues when they arise.
I have picked up some of the consular cases myself.
If there are specific issues that the hon.
Gentleman wishes to raise, I am happy to meet him to discuss them.
I have 10 and 11-year-old constituents—British citizens—who are stuck in the Israeli fire zone in southern Lebanon.
The Foreign Office is urging them to return to the UK, but as their mother is not a British citizen, the Home Office is preventing that.
Will the Minister help me to persuade the Home Office to relent on this issue?
I am happy to look at the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises immediately after Question Time, if that is convenient to him.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region today, not far away from the country that the hon.
Gentleman mentions, and I am sure that we will be able to advance the talks that are going on.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport if she will make a statement on the proposed sale of the Telegraph Media Group to RedBird IMI.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for tabling the urgent question for the second time in as many days.
This is a media-focused day for me, as I will take the Media Bill through its remaining stages straight after the urgent question, so forgive me if one has made me insufficiently prepared for the other, or vice versa.
I am in the frustrating circumstance that I can say only what is publicly known and nothing of the specifics in answer to questions about the ownership of the Telegraph Media Group, which contains two of the world’s greatest newspapers—The Sunday Telegraph and The Daily Telegraph—and, in The Spectator, the oldest surviving weekly magazine in the world.
As hon.
Members will be aware, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has issued a public interest intervention notice in respect of the anticipated acquisition of the group by RB Investco Ltd, further to the notice issued in November in respect of the RedBird IMI media joint venture, which remains in force.
She is leading this process and examining it in great detail and with great care, but it is a quasi-judicial process, involving the Competition and Markets Authority, which looks at jurisdictional and competition matters, and Ofcom, which will be reporting to her on public interest considerations in relation to the media, expressly accurate presentation of the news and free expression of opinion.
Both reports will be returned on  11 March .
My right hon.
and learned Friend, as a very assiduous and diligent KC, is making sure that I, as Media Minister, am absolutely excluded from the process, because that is what it demands.
I am not permitted to know about the scrutiny that is under way, or to interfere with it.
She is also not permitted to take into account any political or presentational concerns in her deliberations, and we would not wish to cause there to be any chink of light here that would leave the process open to judicial review.
That leaves me in an unenviable position: I face understandable expert probing by hon.
Members, to whom I can offer no answer beyond what is in the public domain.
However, this urgent question is as much an opportunity for hon.
Members to make their concerns clear and their views known, as it is an opportunity for me to answer them.
So I say: be heard, loud and clear.
Straight after this urgent question, I will take the Media Bill through its remaining stages and make the case for that legislation in broad terms.
I will argue that a free media, not interfered with by Government or indeed Governments, able to articulate and reflect a broad range of views, free to speak and create, and able to project to the world what democracy, a plurality of views and debate truly mean, is something important that we should value.
In many respects, it underpins  what we mean by a free society.
Of course, we all know that; it is something that we repeat, automaton-like, in a way that risks giving rise to complacency.
However, as I watch the actions of authoritarian states in these times of turbulence; as I see western democracies in a knot of angst over our values; and as I see our populations question, from the safety of these shores, whether our values still matter, I am reminded of the need to make that case again and again.
I cannot speak to the specific media ownership question—I know hon.
Members will understand that, and will help me keep within the tramlines—but I can speak about media freedom; the need for media to be separate from political and Government interference; the importance of a British voice, domestically and internationally; and the pride we can feel in media institutions, such as those in the Telegraph Media Group, some of which date back two centuries and drove changes in this nation as profound as the Great Reform Act.
To this day, those who write for those institutions ask questions of us all with a rare inquisitiveness and preoccupation with truth.
[Interruption.]
I shall finish shortly.
I will be hearing— Order.
Please do not tell me what you are going to do.
I am in charge of the time.
You are way over, and I expect you now to finish quickly.
I apologise, Mr Speaker, for over-speaking.
I will listen to the points made, in the broadest of terms, and I suspect that I may agree with many of them.
Thank you for granting this important urgent question, Mr Speaker.
The Minister hits the nail on the head when she says that this is about freedom from Government interference, although it is quite something for us to start this urgent question knowing that we will get no answer to any of our questions.
We have a proud tradition of a fiercely independent press in our country—a press who hold us to account in this place, and shine a light on misbehaviour and misdoings here and abroad.
Yet a paper of record, The Daily Telegraph, and The Spectator, the longest-running magazine in the world and my personal podcast of choice, will be purchased by a foreign state.
The concern here is about not foreign ownership, but foreign state ownership; in this situation, we cannot separate sheikh and state.
Those are our concerns.
More broadly, I worry that we have allowed our media—critical national infrastructure for our democracy—to fall between the cracks.
Our Defending Democracy Taskforce looks only at electoral concerns, and the National Security and Investment Act 2021 deals with 17 sectors, none of which is the media.
We therefore have no protections against this sort of situation.
I have four questions that I hope the Minister will at least attempt to answer—I appreciate the restrictions that are in place.
First, are there any examples from around the world of a nation with differing media values, to put it politely, acquiring the newspaper of another country?
Secondly, will the Government commit to a national security investigation of these purchases?
Thirdly, do the Government not recognise that their intervention in the United Arab Emirates’ purchase of Vodafone sets a precedent allowing them to intervene in this case?
Finally, will they look either to extend the  Defending Democracy Taskforce or those 17 sectors, to ensure that we can protect our media?
We are dealing with something that will make us vulnerable not for five or 10 years, but for the rest of our lives, and we cannot afford for our media to be undermined.