Today the middle east is in danger of seeing a major escalation of conflict, and whether it is in Gaza, the Red sea, Lebanon, Iraq, Syria or Jordan, we are seeing aggression.
If there is a common denominator in those conflicts, it is the malign influence of Iran, usually through its proxies.
What are the Government doing to disrupt and stop the disruptive activities of Iran?
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary had a meeting recently with the Iranian Foreign Minister to set out Britain’s view of and requirements from the relationship with Iran, and I think that was a most useful contact to have.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region today, trying to ensure that the very points behind this question are accepted and honoured.
We are working extensively with Jordan, Egypt, Qatar, Israel, Saudi Arabia and America.
Those discussions are ongoing, and will address the point that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the UK’s non-military support to Ukraine over winter 2023-24 on the humanitarian situation in that country.
What recent diplomatic support he has provided to Ukraine.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on maintaining support for Ukraine.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the war in Ukraine.
Since February 2020 the UK has committed £357 million of humanitarian assistance to Ukraine.
In response to winter we scaled up humanitarian support with additional funding to provide cash assistance, insulation, and support for energy and heating.
The Foreign Secretary’s first overseas visit was to Ukraine.
He continues to set out the UK ambition to international partners and did so in November during NATO and OSCE gatherings, and most recently at Davos, where he met Foreign Minister Kuleba.
Tim Bamford, our local councillor for Denby Dale, has devoted his own time and expense to making several potentially dangerous excursions, driving a truck to deliver essential humanitarian aid to war-torn Ukraine alongside volunteers from the Yorkshire Aid Convoy.
Will the Minister join me in thanking Tim—who is sitting in the Public Gallery—and all the fantastic team at the Yorkshire Aid Convoy for everything that they are doing to help the Ukrainian people, and wish them a safe journey for their next trip in March?
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in thanking Tim and Tina Bamford, both of whom are in the Public Gallery.
The response of the British people to the tragedy in Ukraine has been remarkable and hugely generous, and we salute the courage and generosity of spirit shown by the commendable actions of the Yorkshire Aid Convoy.
There are many billions of Russian assets frozen by western nations, and there is a strong moral case for Ukraine to use those assets to repel Russia’s aggression and rebuild its own economy.
What progress has the Department made in talking to other nations to make that a reality?
I agree that there is a strong moral case for using Russian assets to repair the damage that Russia has wrought on Ukraine.
We are clear about the fact that Russia should pay, and we continue to assess what legal path there might be to achieving that end.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees recently said: “I think the big difference from last year to this year is that this year…There is somehow a trend towards getting used to Ukrainian suffering.”
It is more than 200 days since the Opposition tabled a motion necessitating Government legislation to bring about the full seizure and repurposing of Russian state assets within 90 days, but no plan has yet been forthcoming.
Why are the Government so out of step with our allies and partners in this regard?
We are not out of step; we are leading the pack, and have been doing so for the last two years.
Our resolve is shown by our own financial commitment but also by our permanent commitment to the UK-Ukraine  relationship, which was demonstrated when the Prime Minister signed the UK-Ukraine agreement on security co-operation at the start of the year.
We are in it for the long haul.
Tomorrow Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary-General of NATO, will meet representatives of the Heritage Foundation, a Republican-leaning think-tank.
He will meet allies of former President Trump in an effort to unlock $60 billion of funding for Ukraine.
What efforts are the Government making to persuade Trump’s allies, and what contingency planning are they doing with our European allies for a scenario in which Trump and his allies are not persuaded?
Ministers engage constantly with counterparts around the world, including those in the US.
When it comes to the NATO response, we have seen NATO expand and grow in the last two years.
Putin thought it was weak, but it is now bigger and stronger than it was in 2022.