The International Monetary Fund estimates that Ukraine needs $37 billion this year just to manage the books.
There is a special European Council meeting on Thursday to sign off a package of €50 billion in aid to Ukraine.
The UK Government have been part of that coalition, so can the Minister assure us that Ukraine fatigue will not set in here?
There is backing across the House for the continuation of these supportive efforts, and surely the most effective way to get aid to Ukraine is to transfer the seized Russian assets to finance for Ukraine’s reconstruction.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we feel no fatigue when it comes to our Ukraine policy.
We have exceeded last year’s commitment in terms of lethal aid, and we will be contributing a huge amount of other aid and economic support.
Since 2022, our total humanitarian, economic and military support has risen to more than £12 billion, which I think demonstrates that our resolve is unflagging.
I share the concern of  the hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord)  about the attitude towards the Ukraine fight, and indeed towards NATO, of certain elements on the American political scene.
Will our Foreign Office team do everything in their power to impress on our American allies that the peace of Europe depends on unquestionable American support for the NATO alliance in the future, just as it did in the past?
We continue to make that point to all our interlocutors.
I should also say that we continue to make the point to all NATO member states that investing 2% of GDP in defence expenditure is a condition of membership.
I met the Leeds Ukrainian community in my constituency this weekend to hear about the desperate needs of war-torn Ukrainian citizens.
With the Hungarian leader Viktor Orbán continuing to veto the EU’s £50 billion aid package to Ukraine, what diplomatic steps is the Minister taking to encourage Hungary to play its part in supporting Ukraine’s fight for freedom?
We are very active in our diplomacy with Hungary and neighbouring states.
I was actually in Slovakia last week, talking about a similar set of issues.
Diplomacy does matter and our judgment is that, in the end, Mr Orbán will do the right thing.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the state of relations between Iran and Pakistan.
The Foreign Secretary has made it clear to his Iranian counterpart that Iran must stop using regional instability as cover to act recklessly.
He and Lord Ahmad have also underlined to Pakistan’s Foreign Minister the importance of avoiding further escalation.
We welcome Iran and Pakistan’s subsequent commitment to dialogue in a joint statement released on  22 January , confirming that ambassadors will return to post, and we continue to monitor the situation.
As the Minister said, diplomatic efforts have eased tensions following the exchange of missiles earlier this month.
However, the Minister will be aware that, over the weekend, Iranian gunmen murdered nine Pakistanis in the Iranian city of Saravan.
The fact that both countries have launched air strikes against each other indicates how fragile the situation is in the middle east, and how interconnected acts of war and violence are across the whole region.
How will the British Government ensure that their own actions do not escalate tensions?
As I said, Iran must stop using regional instability as cover to carry out its reckless acts.
We recognise that it bears responsibility for any further escalation, and we are looking at all the tools that we have to bear down on the Iranian regime, including sanctions.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the human rights situation in Eritrea.
We continue to press Eritrea bilaterally and at the UN Human Rights Council to end human rights violations.
It may come as a surprise to the House to hear that Eritrea is an elected member of the UN Human Rights Council.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Eritrea, I often hear the country described as the North Korea of Africa.
Young people are conscripted indefinitely, and critics of the regime are arbitrarily detained and disappeared.
Does the Minister agree that that perhaps explains why over 90% of asylum claims from Eritreans in the UK are granted by the Home Office?
What more can the Government do to take steps to ensure an end to human rights abuses in Eritrea and elsewhere in the horn of Africa, which are push factors behind irregular arrivals in the UK?
I think the hon.
Gentleman pulls his punches; it is worse than he said.
Eritrea ranks towards the bottom of the world press freedom index.
We urge Eritrea to allow the UN special rapporteur for human rights access to the country, and we also seek the full withdrawal of Eritrean troops from northern Ethiopia, in accordance with the Pretoria peace agreement.
We must not forget the abuses that are happening in neighbouring Sudan.
Over 7 million people have been internally displaced, with 20 million in desperate need of humanitarian aid.
Last night, the International Criminal Court prosecutor told the UN Security Council that there are reasonable grounds to believe that both the Sudan armed forces and the rapid support forces are committing atrocious crimes in Darfur.
What hope does the Minister have that we can end the impunity, stop the rapes, murder and pillage, and bring peace to the people of Sudan?
We are calling for an immediate ceasefire.
There were talks in Addis before Christmas.
We seek progress through the United Nations, where we hold the pen on Sudan, and also through the Troika, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the African Union.
We are doing everything we can to end the appalling situation in Sudan, which my right hon.
Friend has just described with great eloquence.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the situation of the Hazara community in Afghanistan.
The UK works closely with the international community including the G7 and G20 and through the UN to protect the human rights of all of Afghanistan’s people and to co-ordinate a consistent international response.
In December my colleague the Minister for South Asia in the other place raised the recent attacks on Hazaras with the UN assistance mission in Afghanistan.
Last week  the hon.
Member for Bedford (Mohammad Yasin)  and I met members of our respective Hazara communities.
They also regularly attend the all-party parliamentary group on Hazaras, which is chaired by  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Paul Bristow) .
My concern is that the kidnaps, rapes and persecution that the Taliban regularly use against the Hazara women and girls largely go unreported due to a lack of diplomacy or to journalists being unable to access the region.
Would the Minister or a member of her team be prepared to meet those whose families are still stranded in the region and are subject to what is essentially the ethnic cleansing of the Hazara people?
The hon.
Lady sets out some of the shocking issues that we know about.
Indeed, Daesh claimed responsibility for the November attacks and we are continuing to see these challenges.
I will happily take back her question to my colleague, and I am sure that he will be happy to meet them.