From the floods to the fires, from melting ice sheets to ocean heat, the climate crisis is reaching a tipping point.
Labour has a plan at home: doubling onshore wind, trebling solar and ending new oil and gas licences in the North sea.
Labour has a plan internationally: a clean power alliance  of developed and developing countries to drive forward the transition.
Is it not the truth that the Government have no plan and have squandered Britain’s climate reputation to wage culture wars at home?
The reason the Government were able to reduce the size of electricity bills for hard-working families was precisely because we are meeting our targets and will meet our international commitments.
Britain’s international targets and commitments are enshrined in law as a result of the activities of this House.
Internationally we are committed, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows and as was set out to the House towards the end of last year, to spending £11.6 billion on ensuring that we meet our climate targets and produce climate finance.
I would argue that that figure will be nearer £16 billion by 2026.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his international counterparts on a strategy to reduce debt in the developing world.
The Government recently set out our commitments on developing country debt in our international development White Paper.
The main mechanism to tackle the debt crisis, the common framework for debt treatment, is failing due to the low level of participation by private creditors who own around 40% of low-income country debt.
Does the Minister agree that there is strategic need for the United Kingdom to take debt reduction seriously and change its approach, given the crisis in Africa and the growing role of China and Russia in the developing world?
The hon.
Lady is right to point to the considerable difficulties that countries are finding.
Some 15% of low-income countries are in debt distress, and 45% are at higher risk of that.
The African Development Bank says that debt repayments in 2024 are likely to be six times the level of 2021.
That is why Britain is working with other creditors to secure debt restructurings, most often through the G20 common framework, but also through the Paris Club.
What recent steps he has taken to help prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Government are engaging extensively to prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Prime Minister spoke to President Biden last week about that specific issue.
I think we can all understand the anger towards Israel for the way it is systematically demolishing Gaza and needlessly killing so many of the people, as well as the need for it to be properly held to account.
Does the Minister recognise that we must do everything to protect against others joining the conflict,  and that activities such as those against the Houthis must also be proportionate and accompanied by more diplomatic work across the region to stop wholesale killing?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to make clear that all of us seek that there should not be an escalation of this conflict in the middle east.
That is why right at the start Britain moved military assets to the eastern end of the Mediterranean.
More recently, as he alluded to, we are expressing strong support for freedom of navigation on the high seas, stopping attacks by the Houthis.
We are degrading their capacity to carry out their attacks, and have made clear that we will not accept that challenge to international freedom of the sea.
One problem with the middle east is the sense of hopelessness among the Palestinian people, which is fuelling terrorist outrages.
What steps can the Government take with our American friends to try to put pressure on the Israeli state to stop the imposition of new settlements in the west bank, so that we can gradually reduce tensions in the whole region?
Is that not the way forward?
We have made it clear that the settlements are illegal and should not have gone ahead and should not go ahead.
On the wider point, we are working closely with our American friends and others through the superb diplomatic network that Britain possesses, to try to lift people’s eyes and move to the day after, when a political track can start.
That is the answer to my right hon.
Friend’s question—the political track, which can then start to offer hope in resolving this dreadful and long-standing problem.