The Minister will know that there is rising anger in the region about the desperate situation in Gaza, which makes a ceasefire much harder to achieve.
More people are now dying of hunger and thirst than from bombs and bullets.
He said yesterday that the UK is pausing funding to UNRWA, not cutting it, but given its critical role, will he reassure us that nothing will disrupt the supply of aid—not just into Gaza, but through Gaza—now and in the months ahead?
He is right that these are serious allegations and we should be robust about how UK aid money is spent, but it would be unconscionable if we allowed anything to  stand in the way of UK aid reaching those children right now.
Will he promise that the UK will move heaven and earth to get that aid to them?
The shadow Minister for development is absolutely right about the balance that has to be struck.
Of course, we need to investigate rapidly the very serious allegations that have been made against UNRWA, but the assets we use for getting aid and support into Gaza depend on the assets that UNRWA owns—warehouses, vehicles and the other distribution mechanisms.
As such, we need that inquiry to be completed as rapidly as possible.
In the meanwhile, Britain was not intending to give any further support to UNRWA in this financial year; in the next financial year we will consider the position in precisely the way the shadow Minister sets out.
Whether he is taking diplomatic steps to help reduce the risk of conflict in the West Philippine sea.
The UK is committed to the primacy of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea, and to freedom of navigation and overflight.
We oppose any action that raises tensions, or the risk of miscalculation, in the South China sea.
The Foreign Secretary spoke to his Philippino counterpart in December, and the FCDO issued a statement on  11 December , condemning Chinese unsafe and escalatory actions against the Philippines.
I declare an interest, as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for the Philippines.
The Minister is no doubt aware of a large number of videos posted on YouTube and other outlets, showing Chinese gunboats ramming and victimising Philippine fishermen in the West Philippine sea.
This is a vital industry for the economy of the Philippines, which, as she knows, is one of our key strategic partners in the region.
What discussions has she had with her Chinese counterpart to stop those unprovoked attacks and allow those peaceful fishermen simply to go about earning a livelihood to support their families?
I was in Vietnam in October, speaking at the South China sea conference, and I set out very clearly the UK’s position and raised the serious risks, which my hon.
Friend highlights, posed by these instances of unsafe conduct against Philippino fishing vessels.
The UK has provided £6.5 million in funding to support regional partners through an enhanced programme of maritime security capacity building in south-east Asia, which includes training on the law of the sea, and we continue to provide that support to help maintain that free and open Pacific.