The Minister of State was asked— What recent diplomatic steps he has taken to help secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help end the conflict in Israel and Gaza.
What recent discussions he has had with his counterpart in Israel on the number of civilian deaths in Gaza.
What recent diplomatic steps he has taken to help secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
We are calling for an immediate humanitarian pause, in order to get aid in and hostages out as a vital step towards a sustainable, permanent ceasefire.
That is all very well, but the problem is that Netanyahu and the Israeli Government are simply ignoring all the pleas for restraint—those pleas have become empty words.
What will the Government do to put real pressure on the Israelis to stop the unacceptable killings, enter into negotiations for a permanent ceasefire and stop the threats to permanently annex and occupy Gaza?
Has the time come to stop selling to Israel arms that are being used to raze Gaza to the ground?
As I told the House yesterday, the Foreign Secretary is in the region today and will pursue the vital policies that the hon.
Gentleman has set out.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is an absolute priority for Britain to ensure that more aid gets in, but the Israeli Government have the right of self-defence and, as the UK Government continually make clear, they must exercise that right within international humanitarian law.
Like many other Members, I am sure, I have received an extraordinary number of emails from constituents who are deeply concerned about what is going on—these are people who would never normally get in touch with their MP.
We must stop the killing.
My party and I believe that an immediate bilateral ceasefire is the way forward.
What steps are the Government taking with partners in the region and around the world to achieve that end?
All of us want a ceasefire, but it must be sustainable.
That is why the British Government are bent on ensuring that we get a humanitarian pause so that we can get far more supplies into Gaza, and, on the back of that, a sustainable ceasefire.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , we need a pause in order to get aid and support in and the hostages out.
According to the UN World Food Programme, over half a million Palestinians in Gaza are starving.
A famine is imminent.
Allegations against 12 United Nations Relief and Works Agency staff are rightly being investigated, but cutting aid to UNRWA entirely is disproportionate and punitive.
Has the Minister even considered the consequences of those cuts on women, babies and the seriously injured, and does he understand that they would breach the measures issued by the International Court of Justice to ensure that aid flows into Gaza?
As I have set out to the House repeatedly, we are doing everything we can, along with others, to ensure that vital supplies get into Gaza, for the very reasons that the hon.
Lady sets out.
On UNRWA, it would be impossible for any of us to continue business as usual, given the appalling events outlined over the weekend.
That is why we have made it clear that we will not produce further finance until we are satisfied that those matters have been addressed.
With regard to what we are seeking to do through UNRWA now, we have provided additional funding in the past, and that will ensure that aid and vital supplies get into Gaza.
The Government have consistently repeated their commitment to a two-state solution, and that is right, but for 30 years Israel has deliberately undermined that through the settlement of the west bank, in contravention of international law.
Now Netanyahu has come clean and ruled out a two-state solution, so does the Minister agree that, if the UK’s policy is to be seen as anything more than empty words, we need to demonstrate our commitment to a viable Palestinian state by recognising it and by upgrading current Government advice against trade with the illegal settlements to a full embargo?
The Government’s position on the issue of illegal settlements is absolutely clear.
In respect of the two-state solution, I would point out to the hon.
Gentleman that progress has been made previously, in particular after grievous acts of terrible conflict and terrorism; that is when the big leaps forward towards a resolution of this desperate problem have been made.
We hope that on the back of the horrendous events that have taken place on  7 October  and since, additional progress can be made as soon as the political track can be restarted.
The Palestinian Authority’s grip on security control across the west bank has been pushed out by the malevolent forces of Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and local terror groups funded by Iran.
Is it not the case that unilateral recognition of a Palestinian state now would risk equipping those dangerous actors with the trimmings and capabilities of a state?
The British Government have always been clear that we intend to recognise a Palestinian state when the timing is right.
My right hon.
and learned Friend will have heard the comments that the Foreign Secretary made last night, which in no way deviate from that policy; the Foreign Secretary is pointing out how important it is to ensure that people can see that when a political track gets going, real progress can be made.
If we cannot have a ceasefire, a humanitarian pause would of course be very welcome, but it will only be of any use if we can get the aid that is so urgently required into Gaza.
What are the Government doing to overcome what the Foreign Secretary has described as the “ludicrous” checking regime put in place by the Israelis, and what more can we do to stop or avoid crowds of Israelis from gathering at crossings into Gaza, aiming to prevent aid from entering, and so obviate a famine?
On my right hon.
Friend’s second point, I can assure him that we are in regular touch with all the relevant authorities to try to ensure that does not hinder the entry of aid.
On his first point, we should all be aware that the issue is not that there is not enough aid in the region, but that it is not getting in.
That is why the Government, under the Prime Minister’s specific instruction, have been investigating how to get aid in through all means, including from the sea and from a naval corridor.
It is really disturbing that BBC Online is reporting that the Foreign Secretary has changed the UK Government’s approach on recognition of a Palestinian state.
Does the Minister agree that bringing forward and accelerating unilateral recognition of a Palestinian state would be to reward Hamas’s atrocity?
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that there is no question of rewarding Hamas for the appalling acts they perpetrated in a pogrom on  7 October .
The point that the Foreign Secretary has been making is that we must give the people of the west bank and Gaza a credible route to a Palestinian state and a new future, but we must do so when the time is right.