British citizen Vladimir Kara-Murza has been moved from a Siberian prison to an unknown location, having endured four months of isolation.
Why?
Because his voice of freedom is such a threat to Putin.
Vladimir has been poisoned twice and, under Russian law, should not even be in prison.
What progress has been made on locating Vladimir and getting him released, so that we do not see him die in prison?
What have we done to appoint a lead director for arbitrary detention?
As the Foreign Secretary has said, we are deeply concerned about the reports that Mr Kara-Murza has been moved from the penal colony in Omsk to an unknown location.
We are urgently following up to ascertain his whereabouts.
Of course, Ministers have consistently condemned his politically motivated conviction and have called for his release, both publicly and privately.
We will continue to do that at every opportunity.
We have sanctioned 13 individuals in response to this case.
I have met Mrs Kara-Murza and, of course, the Foreign Secretary has offered to meet her to discuss the case with officials in due course.
Yesterday, as the right hon.
Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford) alluded to, an ICC prosecutor said that there are “grounds to believe” that both the Sudanese army and the Rapid Support Forces are committing war crimes in Darfur.
Will the Minister outline what diplomatic steps the Department is taking to help to stop the violence?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right in her analysis of what is happening in Sudan—throughout Sudan, and in particular in Darfur—where there is clear evidence of crimes against humanity being committed.
Britain holds the pen at the United Nations, as I said earlier to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford) .
We work through regional and international alliances.
We are clear that Sudan needs a comprehensive ceasefire and then movement back on to a political track, where former Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok will play an increasingly important role.
Today is World Neglected Tropical Diseases Day and as I am sure the Minister is well aware, malaria affects more than 250 million people every year and causes the death of a child every minute.
Given the news that the British-backed R21 vaccination has gained pre-qualification at the World Health Organisation, what commitment will my right hon.
Friend give towards further support, including through the next replenishment of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance?
Last week, I had the opportunity to visit the Jenner Institute at Oxford to see the remarkable people who made that progress.
Every day, malaria kills entirely unnecessarily more than 1,000 children under five and pregnant women.
Thanks to that brilliant British invention and technology, I hope very much that we will be able to make malaria history within the foreseeable future.
The decision to pull funding from UNRWA, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, the day after the International Court of Justice called for increased aid to get into Gaza has been branded reckless by 21 aid agencies, including Oxfam.
What assessment have the Government made of the number of additional Palestinians now at risk of death from disease or starvation as a result of pulling that funding?
The Government have been very clear about the position with UNRWA.
We cannot overlook the appalling events that have been reported, but we are seeking to ensure that they are properly investigated.
Britain has no additional funding plans for this financial year.
We have already funded UNRWA, as have others, so I have no doubt that UNRWA’s support, getting food to those who desperately need it, will continue, but we cannot ignore the information that was brought to our attention.
I spent yesterday with NATO.
One significant concern expressed to me was the acute need for the US to fulfil its commitment to Ukraine in 2024.
Ahead of the Washington summit, will the Minister assure me that every effort will be taken to leverage political pressure on our allies and to secure the necessary support, for which we are very grateful?
On the road to Washington, we continue to make that point.
The US will continue to be an integral part of European security, as will other European member states of NATO, which should ensure that they commit to their equal and required expenditure of 2%.