I am frustrated with the Minister.
I want to thank her for her answer, but frankly, it was not an answer.
The hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs, asked perfectly reasonable questions, which did not go into the specifics and zoomed out to the general, yet we still have no answers.
A strong and independent free press is a cornerstone of democracy.
We have a long history of that in the UK; The Spectator is the oldest magazine in the world.
It is the responsibility of Government, regardless of their political persuasion or the newspaper under discussion, to safeguard the freedom to scrutinise, to expose wrongdoing and to speak truth to power.
We on these Benches recognise the legitimate public interest concerns raised over the proposed acquisition of the Telegraph Media Group, including about the accurate presentation of news, free expression of opinion in newspapers and the competition issues.
I welcome the fact that the Government have asked further questions, and I await the conclusions of the investigations by the Competition and Markets Authority and Ofcom in full.
But The Telegraph has been up for sale for months—the Secretary of State issued her first public interest intervention notice on  30 November .
This process is ongoing.
Employees at The Telegraph and The Spectator have been left in limbo, and senior journalists have expressed significant concerns.
Can the Minister tell the House why the Secretary of State has granted an extension to the deadline by which she expects to receive reports from Ofcom and the CMA in relation to the PIIN?
I am sure she cannot, but I am just going to ask anyway.
Can the Minister tell the House—this is a general one,
so maybe she can—whether, in the light of the proposed sale, she has any plans to review the existing rules on media ownership?
Has she or the Secretary of State considered that or had any conversations with colleagues about it?
With a general election approaching, in a significant year for democracy across the world and with record numbers of people going to the polls, the freedom of the press has never been more important.
Now is not the time for the Government to have no answers or to be asleep at the wheel.