For what it is worth, the proposal is said to enhance the competitive landscape, not diminish it.
Does the Minister agree that this sort of decision must be made according to legal principles, not politics?
It is not appropriate to consider political posturing from the left or right when deciding this important matter, which is part of the Secretary of State’s quasi-judicial functions.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to say that the Secretary of State will be under specific obligations to consider this matter without politics.
Both the CMA and Ofcom will look at this carefully from a regulatory point of view.
We as politicians should also have a right to some broad views about media ownership as we consider those questions.
The Secretary of State is the departmental owner of culture, media and sport, and will have some considerations about how to ensure a dynamic media landscape.
I am sure that she will carefully apply her legal brain to the application of those principles.
I think the House sees me for what I am, which is a shy and retiring Member.
For years I have been teased in The Telegraph at the hands of Mr Alan Cochrane, and more recently in The Spectator.
But that is democracy; it is the nature of the beast, and it is free speech.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  that there is a national security implication.
I think that the mood of the House is that this is simply not on—we all agree on that.
The message should be passed back to the Secretary of State and to the Government that we will not wear this.
I hope the hon.
Gentleman does not mind me saying so, but I believe that when I last saw him, he was on his way to a Spectator Burns night party, so I hope the relationship is warm and cordial now, with no unkindness towards him from that magazine.
As I said at the outset, this is a useful exercise in making the views of this House known on this matter.
It is an important opportunity for Members to have their say, and I hope that they will be heard.
I must say I was amused by the Minister’s opening remarks, because I cannot recall any judicial review ever being triggered by statements in Parliament—not once.
However, given that she wants a statement, not a question, in the event that the CMA and Ofcom report finds conditionally in favour in any way, she must not take the Murdoch ownership of The Times as an example, because since the sacking of its editor, that has been a failure, not a success.
As my right hon.
Friend will be aware, the decision-making process is not mine.
I will not be the person to make a judgment call on this matter.
The CMA and Ofcom have until  11 March  to issue their initial report.
At that stage, undertakings can be accepted or a second stage can be opened.
I am sure that all these questions will be in the Secretary of State’s mind as she makes that judgment.