Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a very historic occasion for the people of Williams County, ``nestled in the extreme Northwest corner.''
The community will begin a weekend of celebration to commemorate the milestone.
Williams County was named for David Williams, a Revolutionary War hero involved in the capture of British officer Major John Andre.
Originally encompassing a larger area of Northwest Ohio, Williams County was part of territory set aside for Native American people in the Treaty.
Part of the territory was also disputed between Ohio and Michigan, a dispute settled in 1836 which placed the county in Ohio.
The land was part of the ``Great Black Swamp'' and was the last in Ohio to be settled.
Because it was swampland, the earliest settlers faced severe hardship with travel, farming, and insects.
Towering native trees blocked sunlight, and conditions were harsh.
Yet these hardy Ohioans persevered, turning this corner of Northwest Ohio into an abundant fertile watershed.
The Williams County Courthouse, today on the National Registry of Historic places, was completed in 1891.
It replaced an original log structure and one completed in 1845.
The latter was considered the best such structure in Northwest Ohio at that time.
With rail and telegraph came opportunities for trade and development, leading to ``vibrant economic growth of the 1800's and 1900's, through to the diversified local economy of today,'' according to the history.
Today, Williams County is home to 2,399 businesses including 111 manufacturing companies offering solid employment and good wages for a diverse and skilled workforce.
Famously, Williams County is home to Ohio Art--and Etch-A-Sketch--and Spangler Candy which originated and produces Dum Dum lollipops and other nostalgic treats.
Williams County, Ohio is made up of hardy farmers and pleasant towns including Alvordton, Blakeslee, Bryan, Edgerton, Edon, Holiday City, Kunkle, Lake Seneca, Melbern, Montpelier, Nettle Lake, Pioneer, Pulaski, and Williams Center: lovely communities all.
Well known to most Ohioans is the late Ohio State University football coach Woody Hayes.
Coach Hayes said, ``I speak at a lot of banquets in small towns, because small towns have so many great people.''
I couldn't agree with him more.
I have been privileged to represent Williams County and can attest to the character and kindness of its people.
As they take a peek at yesteryear during a weekend of ceremonial and enjoyable events, I know they also look to the future with hope and celebration.
We stand on the shoulders of those who came before us and we build the community forward together.
Onward.