Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great public servant, colleague, and friend, Megan Garrison.
Megan was a staffer in various California state government offices for over a decade before working for me as we served the people of Assembly District 54, starting in 2019, and the people of Senate District 30, starting in 2021.
Notably, Megan helped me transition to my role as a new Member in this very body and served as Director of Operations for California's 37th Congressional District at the beginning of this Congress.
Megan was an exceptional scheduler who brought a wealth of experience to her role.
Throughout many long days and late nights in the California State Senate, she juggled conflicting events and last-minute crises, always ensuring that my staff and I were taken care of.
Her dedication enabled all of us to do our best work for our constituents.
Megan managed a complex and dynamic calendar, scheduled District and Capitol meetings, and coordinated myriad requests that came through the office.
She also handled front desk management and facilitated legislative resolutions, predicting office needs ahead of time so that we would be set up for success.
Megan's keen sense of organization and detail-oriented approach to her job were invaluable assets.
Megan maintained exceptional professionalism through stressful situations.
Her interpersonal skills and her savvy approach to problemsolving made her an asset to the team.
In addition to her excellent scheduling abilities, Megan had extensive knowledge of the California state legislature and the political landscape.
As a former Capitol staffer, she understood the intricacies of the legislative process and could navigate it easily and applied this knowledge to best serve constituents.
Most importantly, Megan's deep sense of public service propelled her to positions of public trust.
Megan's exceptional work ethic and friendly demeanor earned her the respect and admiration of everyone she worked with.
Her positive attitude and ability to maintain a calm demeanor, even in high-pressure situations, made her well-liked by everyone.
Megan was a valuable asset to the team and a trusted friend to many of her coworkers.
Throughout her long career of hard work and many late nights in Sacramento and Washington, D.C., Megan remained dedicated to being there for her family.
It takes a strong woman to juggle the long hours and taxing work of politics while always showing up for her amazing daughters and son.
Megan's dedication to her family life is an inspiration for all of us.
And now, I'd like to congratulate Megan on becoming a new grandmother.
I am truly delighted for Megan and her family.
Megan is back in Sacramento, living her best life with her doting family who look up to her and cherish her intelligence and warmth.
While I miss Megan cracking jokes during the workday, I wish her the best in this new chapter.
I thank Megan for her many years of service and dedication to the people.