Building on this in

2014, the Spina Bifida Program funded the development of a Spina Bifida

Collaborative Care Network to identify and to disseminate best

practices for the care of people with Spina Bifida at all ages.
However, with only $7.5 million in annual funding, there are only

11,000 patients in the national registry, limiting the ability of

medical professionals to glean knowledge that would advance research in

areas critical to improving quality of life.
Even modest increases to

this funding would make an enormous difference.
Additionally, we should urge NIH to work collaboratively across their

many divisions to better understand Spina Bifida.
As Spina Bifida can

affect every organ and every system in the human body, a collaborative

effort undertaken by NIH could result in research that would lead to

better care for both this generation and future generations of Spina

Bifida patients.
Moreover, the new designation of those with

disabilities as a health disparity creates a new opportunity to harness

federal resources for the Spina Bifida community by ensuring their

representation in NIH research and thereby recognizing those with this

complex condition in a new and critical light.
We are so fortunate today that our country is benefiting from the

talent and contributions of the first generation of adults living with

Spina Bifida.
Today, I honor and celebrate all of them, along with

their care partners, and also remember those we have lost to this

condition.
I urge my colleagues to not only increase funding for the

National Spina Bifida Program, but to work together so that these

Americans receive the care and treatment all of us want for our

families and loved ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VAN RAALTE FARMHOUSE

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commemorate

the 150th anniversary of the Van Raalte Farmhouse.
The Van Raalte

Farmhouse has been a staple of our West Michigan community for

generations, and we thank the City of Holland for preserving not only

this site but the legacy of the Van Raalte family.
The farmland was purchased by the founder of Holland, Reverend

Albertus Van Raalte, in 1847.
The Reverend split the land between two

of his children, Albertus and Benjamin, as a gift for their valiant

service during the Civil War.
Benjamin, a soldier in the Union Army who

served in Michigan's 25th Infantry, purchased his brother's half of the

land and constructed a beautiful neoclassical farmhouse on the property

in the early 1870s.
Benjamin cultivated the land for the remainder of

his life, producing peaches and peony flowers.
The farm became known as

``The Maples'' due to the large sugar maples grown on the property.
The farm stayed in the family for multiple generations until it was

sold in the 1980s to the city of Holland, Michigan.
Holland helped

transform the farmhouse and its land into a beautiful park.
In 1989,

Van Raalte Farmhouse was placed on the National Register of Historic

Places.
Today, community members continue to enjoy hikes and picnics as

well as cross-country skiing and sledding in the winter at the park.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating 150 years of history at

the Van Raalte Farmhouse as the Van Raalte family's story and the

farmhouse's beauty continue to inspire the people of Michigan's Fourth

District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COOK OUT BEING NAMED ONE OF THE TOP TEN FAST-FOOD RESTAURANTS

IN THE COUNTRY

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Cook Out on being named one of the top ten regional fast-food

restaurants in the country according to USA Today's Readers Choice

2023.
Cook Out opened in 1989 in Greensboro, North Carolina and has since

spread nationwide, operating more than 300 locations across the

Southern United States.