Vera's recognitions included Florida's Outstanding Young

Educator in 1966 and was ranked fourth at the national level.
She attended the University of Tampa for her bachelor's degree and

subsequently earned a master's degree from the University of South

Florida.
In her classroom, Vera strived to teach her students the

values of respect and friendship along with phonics and counting, and

her selfless service is manifested in the good principles of my Tampa

Bay neighbors.
Her tenacious determination as an instructor to future

generations shaped much of her perspective and identity, but her work

as a caregiver extended beyond the classroom.
Many knew Vera for her work advocating for Tampa's Latino heritage,

protecting and preserving the Centro Asturiano de Tampa's original

cemetery and its 121-year-old building.
Vera took the role of president

for the historic social club for immigrants and their descendants,

making her the first woman to hold that position at the ``Centro.''
She

and her husband, attorney William F. ``Willie'' Garcia, devoted their

later years to the preservation of the ``Centro.''
Earlier in their

lives, Vera and Willie were active in state and local politics, running

campaigns, attending rallies and always supporting Democratic

candidates at the local, state and federal levels.
At home, they would

adorn Christmas gifts with handmade themed ornaments that they would

spend months creating.
Their marriage was filled with love and support

for each other, accompanied by humor that made their bond stronger.
The eldest of three girls, Vera was born to Francisco ``Pancho'' and

Honorina ``Nora'' Tamargo.
She and her two sisters, Junis and Sandra,

shared a room as children and their lives as adults.
Her devotion to

her family was shown in her commitment to spend Christmas together with

her two sisters and cousin Mary Louise.
Vera was beloved by her many

nieces, nephews and cousins who could call or stop by her home to say

hello, help with a chore, or take her to a family gathering.
For her two sons, William and Joseph, Vera was that unshakable

support who got them where they needed to pursue their interests from

swim meets to Scouting camping trips.
Her grandchildren called her

``Bueli'', and they will remember her love and the way she lit up just

hearing their voices.
Vera is survived by her sons, daughters-in-law, grandchildren and

many loved ones to whom I extend my deepest sympathies.
She will be

remembered not only for her many years of selfless service, but also

for her genuine compassion and kindness.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my sincere condolences to Vera's

family and friends.
She impacted the lives of countless members of the

Tampa Bay community and her steadfast leadership and patient mentorship

undeniably enhanced the lives of my neighbors.
Tampa Bay is grateful

for her contributions and the legacy she leaves.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WHITNEY ANDERSON'S APPOINTMENT TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF

THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF FEDERALLY-INSURED CREDIT UNIONS

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Whitney

Anderson on her recent election to the Board of Directors of the

National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions (NAFCU).
Credit

unions play a vital role in our nation's banking ecosystem allowing

more people to access capital, obtain mortgages, and receive other

financial tools that are otherwise difficult to obtain.
Additionally,

I've seen firsthand in my district, how credit unions provided vital

services during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure that the smallest of

businesses received the necessary aid to assist during such trying

times.
Whitney currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Elements

Financial, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.