Title: COMMEMORATING OCTOBER AS NATIONAL SPINA BIFIDA AWARENESS MONTH; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
176

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING OCTOBER AS NATIONAL SPINA BIFIDA AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
JERROLD NADLER

Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate October as

National Spina Bifida Awareness Month, to recognize the approximately

166,000 Americans living with this condition, and to draw attention to

the critical challenges we must address to ensure that each and every

one of these individuals can achieve their full human potential and

have the quality of life they deserve.
According to the Spina Bifida Association of America, Spina Bifida is

the most common permanently disabling birth defect compatible with

life.
Literally translated as ``split spine,'' Spina Bifida occurs when

a baby's neural tube fails to develop or close properly.
Typically

occurring within the first 28 days of pregnancy while the neural tube

is forming, Spina Bifida often develops before a woman even knows she

is pregnant.
Children born with Spina Bifida typically undergo dozens of surgeries

before they reach the age of 18.
And during their lifetime, someone

with Spina Bifida will face at least a $1 million in medical expenses,

including multiple surgeries.
Despite these challenges--and thanks to advances in research and

medicine, along with policies supportive of children with this

condition--nearly two-thirds of Americans currently living with Spina

Bifida have made it to adulthood.
And while these strides are certainly

worth celebrating, people with Spina Bifida--particularly adults--

continue to face a crisis of care that could be largely prevented with

the right resources and policies.
While we have a coordinated system of care designed to treat children

with Spina Bifida in the U.S., there is no equivalent for adults.
The

result is that adults face a ``care cliff'' and enter a very fractured

medical system where they are unable to find physicians willing or even

knowledgeable enough to provide treatment, as Spina Bifida is stil

largely taught in medical schools as a pediatric condition and

education has failed to keep pace with the rapid rise in the adult

Spina Bifida population.
Thousands of adults are left with few options

other than to seek care in the emergency room or continue to see their

pediatric care team until insurance will no longer cover their care

because of their age.
And to make matters worse, many of these adults

rely on Medicaid as their insurance provider, so even if they have the

means to travel to an adult specialist, if they are located in another

state--as is often the case--their coverage is denied.
Across the

country, there are more than 100 pediatric clinics devoted to caring

for children with Spina Bifida.
There are only 20 whose focus is on

adults.
At the federal level, we could make dramatic improvements in the

ability of adults with Spina Bifida to access quality care by

increasing the funding of the CDC's National Spina Bifida Program--the

only federal program tasked with improving the care and outcomes for

people living with Spina Bifida.
In 2008, the Spina Bifida Program

created a National Spina Bifida Patient Registry to collect the

scientific data needed to evaluate existing medical services for Spina

Bifida patients, and to provide clinicians, researchers, patients, and

families, a window into what care models are effective and what

treatments are not making a measurable difference.
Building on this in

2014, the Spina Bifida Program funded the development of a Spina Bifida

Collaborative Care Network to identify and to disseminate best

practices for the care of people with Spina Bifida at all ages.
However, with only $7.5 million in annual funding, there are only

11,000 patients in the national registry, limiting the ability of

medical professionals to glean knowledge that would advance research in

areas critical to improving quality of life.
Even modest increases to

this funding would make an enormous difference.