He has encouraged his congregants to practice faith in

action, serving the needs of people through several worship and

outreach ministries.
Pastor Johnson is married to his loving wife Nakia, and together they

are blessed with five children.
Supporting his spiritual and charitable

journey, he holds a Master of Arts degree in Human Services from

Lincoln University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in celebrating the 10th

Pastoral Anniversary of Pastor Conway C. Johnson.
His leadership,

service, and dedication to the church and community are truly deserving

of this body's recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 26, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 31

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine the national security

supplemental request.
10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety

To hold hearings to examine AI and the future of work.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland.
NOVEMBER 1

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the science of extreme event

attribution, focusing on how climate change is fueling

severe weather events.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine small businesses and

America's outdoor recreation economy.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold hearings to examine ongoing threats to election

administration.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine research at the Department of

Veterans Affairs.
NOVEMBER 2

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Martin

O'Malley, of Maryland, to be Commissioner of Social

Security.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Harry

Coker, Jr., of Kansas, to be National Cyber Director,

Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial

Officer, Department of Homeland Security, and Suzanne

Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel

of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
NOVEMBER 7

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine causes of roadway safety

challenges and possible interventions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPINA BIFIDA AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Spina

Bifida and Hydrocephalus Day, as well as October as National Spina

Bifida Month.
Spina Bifida impacts families across these United States, my own

included.
My sister and niece have lived with Spina Bifida since

childhood.
Spina Bifida is a birth defect which results from a hole in the

spiral cord that fails to close properly, which allows nerves and fluid

to form a sac outside the body.
This defect means that a child must

undergo dozens of surgeries before adulthood, and even then, they face

a multitude of mental and physical health issues.
Each condition is

unique, and no two children will be affected the same way.