Covenant Care grew from humble beginnings in southwest Detroit when a

doctor and pastor joined forces to with the simple idea of providing

free healthcare access to the uninsured.
The doctor delivered on her

promise to provide free healthcare to the uninsured and many more

rallied behind the cause, creating Covenant Community Care in 2000.
The

need for more resources was evident, and Covenant Community Care has

been steadfast in its mission to remove barriers to high quality

healthcare services.
Over the years, Covenant Community Care has

leveraged partnerships with other medical service providers and now has

several locations across metropolitan Detroit.
I had the honor of securing House-appropriated Community Project

Funding for Covenant Community Care in FY2023 to support the

construction of their newest clinic to provide critical services to our

community.
Covenant has operated a small health clinic at 18917 Joy Rd

in Detroit for nearly eight years that has limited their ability to

expand services.
This project will be impactful not only tripling the

clinical footprint in the community but providing accessibility to

essential care like primary medical, dental, and behavioral health

services to the Cody-Rouge neighborhood and surrounding communities.
I am always incredibly honored to serve as a partner for the Covenant

Community Care team and appreciate the ongoing high level of care and

compassion you provide to our communities across the district and

region.
We offer congratulations and wish them well on the opening of

their new clinic.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FORMER COCONUT CREEK CITY OFFICIAL MIKKIE BELVEDERE

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Coconut

Creek City Official Mikkie Belvedere for her many years of public

service.
Born in Tel Aviv to German parents who fled Nazi persecution, Mikkie

emigrated to the United States as a teenager.
Elected to the Coconut

Creek City Commission at 72, she has a long history of serving her

community in Coconut Creek.
Mikkie served three four-year terms, during

which her fellow commissioners elected her Vice-Mayor and then Mayor of

Coconut Creek.
Her public service extends far beyond city government, becoming

active in various local groups, from helping establish and grow the

Coconut Creek Multicultural Circle to serving as President of the

Wynmoor Democratic Club.
She is also an active member of her synagogue

congregation.
In her retirement, Mikkie remains intent on staying

positive and helping her community, encouraging everyone she meets to

``Keep Smiling.''
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in recognizing former Coconut

Creek City Official Mikkie Belvedere for her outstanding service to the

people of Coconut Creek in Florida's 23rd Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 10TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF PASTOR CONWAY C. JOHNSON

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Conway C.

Johnson as he celebrates his 10th Pastoral Anniversary at Sharon

Baptist Church of New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Pastor Johnson continues

to provide outstanding spiritual leadership and fellowship to the

greater New Brunswick community.
Elected as pastor of Sharon Baptist Church on June 8, 2013, Pastor

Johnson brought with him a wealth of experience when he began leading

the congregation on August 4, 2013.
Pastor Johnson entered the ministry

at 18 and began his pastoral ministry at 28.
Prior to his call to serve

Sharon Baptist Church, Pastor Johnson led New Hope Baptist Church of

Manitou Park for 10 years.
Under his leadership, the membership of Sharon Baptist Church has

grown immensely.
He has encouraged his congregants to practice faith in

action, serving the needs of people through several worship and

outreach ministries.
Pastor Johnson is married to his loving wife Nakia, and together they

are blessed with five children.
Supporting his spiritual and charitable

journey, he holds a Master of Arts degree in Human Services from

Lincoln University of Pennsylvania.