Thank you Governor Youngkin for your initiatives to fight

the precipitous rise of anti-Semitism in these United States

and around the world.
Your very timely visit with us so

shortly after the October 7 terrorist Hamas vicious attacks

on Israel's innocent civilians near the Gaza border is deeply

appreciated along with ordering the lowering of the flag

throughout the Commonwealth.
We turn to our shared one God of

life's blessings who always brings us together to be one

caring family, gratefully united and gloriously diverse, ever

harkening onto the divine commandments of loving-kindness.
At this painfully trying time of excruciating anguish and

an over-whelming sense of violation by heartless enemies of

humanity and civilized society, evoking terrifying images of

the Holocaust deeply seared within us and to which I can

personally testify as son of Polish survivors who lost

hundreds of murdered relatives, and one who spent his early

childhood in Europe's transit and DP Camps, later growing up

in Haifa, Israel and serving in the IDF in the 1960s.
Just as we did not allow ultimate victory to Nazism rooted

in historical anti-Semitism, so we shall defeat, whatever the

cost, those who now shamefully delight in the barbaric

slaughter of Jewish babies and their shocked parents, mowing

down hundreds of youth celebrating peace at a music festival

along with rape and torture; dragging to cruel captivity the

young as well as frail Holocaust survivors who had found

refuge in the world's only sovereign Jewish state and the

Middle-East's only democracy.
We shall never abandon our

beloved Israeli sisters and brothers heroically fighting for

the very survival of their ancestral homeland which they have

already honored with remarkable accomplishments benefiting

all humanity.
We are uplifted and reassured at this fateful hour of

existential threat to Israel's very well-being by the

incomparable Israeli-American alliance of shared values and

interests that, no doubt, makes a critical difference for the

defense of the entire free world.
The Ford and Eisenhower

strike groups whose homeport is Hampton Roads are truly a

source of swelling pride.
The recent historic strides toward

lasting Middle East peace with the major inclusion at last of

Saudi Arabia, likely pushed Iran and its proxies--the enemies

sanctifies life and living--to this inhuman cowardice massive

assault on a holy Jewish day--50 years and a day since the

other traumatic surprise of the Yom Kippur War--with total

disregard for basic human norms.
They will be held accountable.
Perhaps it was also a failed

attempt of divergence from the Ukraine tragedy.
Restoring

Israel's damaged deterrence is a must priority.
The internal

Israeli bitter divisions around misguided Judicial Reform

were perceived to reflect a weakened society, though Israel

unites in a national security emergency, but a heavy price is

nonetheless exacted by an enemy tragically neglecting and

sacrificing its own Palestinian people.
Oh God sustain our sacred resolve to face evil and subdue

it with Shalom's eternal blessings that we shall not

compromise over, of healing, hope and harmony.
Rabbi Dr.

Israel Zoberman is founder and spiritual leader of Temple Lev

Tikvah in Virginia Beach.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COVENANT COMMUNITY CARE

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Covenant Community

Care, a well-known and trusted healthcare provider, as they celebrate

the grand opening of their newest health clinic on Joy Road in Detroit

in the 12th Congressional District.
Covenant Care grew from humble beginnings in southwest Detroit when a

doctor and pastor joined forces to with the simple idea of providing

free healthcare access to the uninsured.
The doctor delivered on her

promise to provide free healthcare to the uninsured and many more

rallied behind the cause, creating Covenant Community Care in 2000.
The

need for more resources was evident, and Covenant Community Care has

been steadfast in its mission to remove barriers to high quality

healthcare services.