RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Cook Out on being named one of the top ten regional fast-food

restaurants in the country according to USA Today's Readers Choice

2023.
Cook Out opened in 1989 in Greensboro, North Carolina and has since

spread nationwide, operating more than 300 locations across the

Southern United States.
However, Cook Out has remained true to its

Carolina roots and is a regional staple, best known for its famous tray

combos and delicious milkshakes.
I have been a big fan of Cook Out since I was growing up in North

Carolina.
To this day, one of my favorite parts about going home after

a long stint in Washington is being able to sit down and enjoy Cook Out

with my family, friends, or staff.
Cook Out is a cultural icon and an esteemed member of our community

in North Carolina.
Its economic and community impact on our state is

astounding and I look forward to continuing to work with them to see

what they will accomplish in the future.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing Cook Out, its

leaders, and employees on this momentous occasion and thanking them for

all they do for our shared home of North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
LORI DOBRATZ

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mrs. Lori Dobratz

on more than 37 years of service to our country.
Lori's career with the federal government began in February 1986 with

the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington, D.C., where she

worked as the Secretary to the Division Chief in the medical unit.
In

May 1995, Lori joined Capital District Contracting Center, which later

became the Fort Belvoir Mission and Installation Contracting Command.
Throughout her 28 years there, Lori has played a critical role as a

Management Support Assistant.
As part of the U.S. Army Contracting Command, Lori supported efforts

to ensure Army readiness at all times.
Her hard work and contributions

in service to the U.S. Army have not

gone unnoticed--as evidenced by the four performance awards Lori has

received over the last five years.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mrs. Lori

Dobratz for her hard work, dedication, and service to our country, as

well as in celebrating her career, accomplishments, and retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE REMARKABLE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ELVIRA ``VERA'' TAMARGO

GARCIA

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

and memory of Elvira ``Vera'' Tamargo Garcia, who passed away at the

age of 88 on August 8, 2023.
She was a lifelong Tampa native and

devoted teacher who dedicated her life to civic service.
Vera's

contributions and tireless dedication to the Tampa Bay community will

forever be remembered.
Vera embodied the true spirit of public service, exemplifying the

values of compassion, dedication and mentorship.
Throughout her 48-year

career as a teacher at Broward, Ballast Point and Mendenhall elementary

schools, she left a mark on hundreds of students she taught, their

parents, and new teachers she mentored.
Throughout her career, Vera

taught in every elementary grade.
Her passion was for early childhood

education, and she played an important role in launching kindergarten

instruction in Hillsborough County schools.
Her talent and experience

as an educator were evident in the numerous accomplishments she

achieved.
Vera's recognitions included Florida's Outstanding Young

Educator in 1966 and was ranked fourth at the national level.
She attended the University of Tampa for her bachelor's degree and

subsequently earned a master's degree from the University of South

Florida.
In her classroom, Vera strived to teach her students the

values of respect and friendship along with phonics and counting, and

her selfless service is manifested in the good principles of my Tampa

Bay neighbors.