Credit

unions play a vital role in our nation's banking ecosystem allowing

more people to access capital, obtain mortgages, and receive other

financial tools that are otherwise difficult to obtain.
Additionally,

I've seen firsthand in my district, how credit unions provided vital

services during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure that the smallest of

businesses received the necessary aid to assist during such trying

times.
Whitney currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Elements

Financial, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.
She previously

served as Chief Community Development Officer at Michigan State

University Federal Credit Union, served as President of the Desk Drawer

Fund, and President of Ever Green 3C. Additionally, Whitney has had

significant community involvement on boards such as the African

American Credit Union Coalition (AACUC) National Board, MLK Commission

of Mid-Michigan, and United Way.
Her

years of leading a broad range of teams, projects, and responsibilities

provide a solid foundation and will add a unique perspective in her new

role.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Whitney Anderson and

wishing her the best of luck in her new role on the NAFCU Board of

Directors.
I look forward to working with her and NAFCU members to

better serve our constituents across Indiana's 7th Congressional

District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL GIFT SHOP TAX ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Federal Gift Shop Tax

Act, which would allow state and local governments to impose a sales

tax at gift shops on federal property.
These governments would be able

to generate millions of dollars in new tax revenue.
When the federal government engages in activity that is not

inherently governmental, such as operating a gift shop, there is no

reason to exempt customer purchases from a sales tax.
The items sold at

federal gift shops, such as jewelry, apparel, accessories, games and

books, are subject to a sales tax if sold on private property.
Customers are often unaware of the exemption from a sales tax at gift

shops on federal property, so the introduction of a sales tax is

unlikely to have a significant impact on gift shop sales.
It would,

however, create a valuable revenue stream for state and local

governments.
In addition, state and local governments often provide

uncompensated services on federal property, such as fire service, and

allowing them to impose a sales tax at gift shops on federal property

would allow them to recoup some of these costs.
This bill is of particular importance to the District of Columbia,

which is home to a number of gift shops on federal property, such as at

the Smithsonian Institution and the John F. Kennedy Center for the

Performing Arts.
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ISRAEL AT WAR

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mr. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following message I shared on October 11 at a meeting of Jewish leaders

with Governor Glenn Youngkin of Virginia at the offices of the United

Jewish Federation of Tidewater in Virginia Beach.
Thank you Governor Youngkin for your initiatives to fight

the precipitous rise of anti-Semitism in these United States

and around the world.
Your very timely visit with us so

shortly after the October 7 terrorist Hamas vicious attacks

on Israel's innocent civilians near the Gaza border is deeply

appreciated along with ordering the lowering of the flag

throughout the Commonwealth.
We turn to our shared one God of

life's blessings who always brings us together to be one

caring family, gratefully united and gloriously diverse, ever

harkening onto the divine commandments of loving-kindness.