Kelly graduated from The University of Kansas, receiving a Bachelor

of Arts in political science, economics, and international studies in

1998, going on to receive her Master's in Public Administration in

2000.
Kelly joined the city of Hayward in 2010 as an Assistant City Manager

and transitioned to City Manager in 2016.
As chief executive, she

worked to tackle issues of homelessness, financial stability, and

infrastructure.
Kelly effectively led city efforts to respond to the homelessness

crisis by implementing compassionate city policies, declaring a

homelessness emergency, and negotiating increased housing in the city.
Under her leadership, the Hayward Navigation Center opened in 2018

along with the Depot Community Apartments to help transition unhoused

individuals to permanent housing.
Kelly also helped negotiate

agreements with the California Department of Transportation to

repurpose land held for a freeway bypass for market-rate and affordable

housing.
As city manager, Kelly also helped maintain a financially stable city

budget by paying down unfunded retirement liabilities and securing

numerous grants at the state and federal levels for infrastructure,

social services, and more.
Hayward's Measure C, passed in 2014,

provided funding for a new Downtown Public Library, Heritage Plaza,

retrofit city fire stations, and build a new Fire Training Center and

Fire Station No.
6 in partnership with the Chabot-Las Positas Community

College District.
For 13 years, Kelly has diligently served the Hayward community.
Her

dedication to community engagement and collaboration has made her an

asset at Hayward.
I know that her presence will be deeply missed in

Hayward.
I wish her and her family success as she enters this new

chapter as Santa Barbara's City Administrator.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KENALYNN JOHNSON

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kenalynn

Johnson for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Kenalynn has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Kenalynn, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Kenalynn's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Kenalynn Johnson on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KIMBERLY DE LEON

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kimberly De

Leon for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Kimberly has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Kimberly, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Kimberly's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Kimberly De Leon on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MATTHEW KING

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Matthew King

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Matthew has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Matthew, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Matthew's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.