Title: HONORING JOHN STERLING; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
76

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN STERLING

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legendary

career of New York Yankees broadcaster, John Sterling.
A resident of

Edgewater, New Jersey, John began announcing Yankee games on the radio

in 1989.
After a distinguished 35-year tenure with the Yankees, John

recently announced his retirement.
From 1989 to 2019, John Sterling did not miss a day of work,

announcing a Ripken-esque 5,060 consecutive Yankee games.
He announced

every game Hall of Famer Derek Jeter ever played in.
One-quarter of all

games in the Yankees' storied history.
Sterling's incredible longevity

and consistency are integral parts of his broadcasting brilliance.
John Sterling's voice is one of the most memorable in the Big

Leagues.
His passion and love of the game of baseball could be heard in

each game he announced.
After a big Yankee strike out, run batted in,

or play in the field, you could always expect to hear the contagious

exhilaration in his voice.
His announcement ``Theeeeeeeee Yankees

Win!''
was a signature to decades of triumphs.
John Sterling will also be remembered for the unique home run call he

devised for every Yankee player.
From ``Bernie goes Boom?''
and ``It's

an A-Bomb for A-Rod!''
to ``It's a Thrilla from Godzilla!''
and

``Robbie Cano, Don'tcha Know!''
John never lacked creativity.
To any

Yankee fan among America's millions, it was always exciting to hear

John's first home run call for a new free agent acquisition.
He never

disappointed.
When you think of the Yankees, the first word that comes to mind is

greatness.
Twenty-seven World Series Championships.
Forty American

League pennants.
The home of Babe Ruth, Mickey Mantle, Lou Gehrig, Yogi

Berra, Joe DiMaggio, and Mariano Rivera.
From 1996 to 2001, the Yankees

had one of the most impressive stretches in Major League Baseball

history, winning four world championships over the span of only five

years.
John Sterling was right there for this stretch, announcing their

playoff games and World Series championships.
A legendary franchise

needed a legendary announcer like John Sterling.
New York sports fans have been fortunate to listen to games announced

by some of the greatest broadcasters ever.
Mel Allen.
Red Barber.
Vin

Scully.
John Sterling joins that list.
John Sterling will be remembered

as one of the best sports broadcasters in history.
The House sends its congratulations to John Sterling on a historic

career and its warmest wishes for his retirement.
May God Bless John

Sterling.
And God Bless America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REBECCA ROLOFF

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the distinguished career

of President ReBecca (Becky) Koenig Roloff on the occasion of her

retirement from St. Catherine University in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Since 2016, President Roloff has served as the 11th president of the

university, which is affectionately known as St. Kate's by students and

alumni, which includes both her and me.
During her eight years of distinguished leadership at St. Kate's, one

of the nation's largest private women's universities, President Roloff

has made a lasting impact by reaffirming the university's accreditation

through the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association

of Colleges and Schools.
She combined the Minneapolis and Saint Paul

campuses into one unified campus in Saint Paul and completed numerous

infrastructure improvements across campus.
In 2022, it was a privilege

to partner with her and the university to provide critical federal

funding for technology and equipment upgrades for Mendel Hall to

enhance student learning and research opportunities for women

undergraduate students in STEM fields.
She also successfully recruited

a diverse senior leadership team and led the development of a new 10-

year strategic plan that has grown enrollment and strengthened its

financial position.