Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Matthew, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Matthew's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Matthew King on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MONTSERRAT ESCALERA PULIDO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Montserrat

Escalera Pulido for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors

for Youth Award.
Montserrat has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Montserrat, develop crucial skills

and a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Montserrat's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Montserrat Escalera Pulido on

achieving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROMAN FIGUEROA BELTRAN

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Roman Figueroa

Beltran for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Roman has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Roman, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Roman's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Roman Figueroa Beltran on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF FRENCH & PARRELLO ASSOCIATES

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate French &

Parrello Associates on its 50th anniversary this year.
A multi-

discipline engineering firm, French & Parrello Associates has provided

valuable contributions to the infrastructure of New Jersey since 1974.
Founded by Laurence E. French, Argo T. Parrello, James B. Heller, and

Joseph M. Edwards, French & Parrello Associates has transformed from a

branch office of Raamot Associates PC into the independent full-service

engineering and consulting firm it is today.
In its 50th year, French &

Parrello Associates (FPA) is headquartered in Wall, New Jersey and has

three additional offices in New Jersey as well as offices in

Pennsylvania, Atlanta, and New York.
It is led by President and CEO

Steven Tardy, PE and employs a staff of over 200.
FPA has contributed to both private and public projects, offering a

multitude of services encompassing construction, structural,

geotechnical, telecommunications, and environmental engineering, bridge

and highway design, surveying, and landscape architecture, among

others.
They have provided services for several projects across the

Sixth Congressional District of New Jersey, including the South Amboy

Ferry Terminal, the Senator Joseph M. Kyrillos Bridge, and the

Beachfront North Condominiums in Long Branch.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the 50th anniversary of

French & Parrello Associates.
The company continues to deliver

outstanding service to its clients and its innovation and commitment to

excellence are truly deserving of this body's recognition.