That includes 172,000 of my constituents here in the Fourth District,

90,000 of whom are children on CHIP.
In our district, 54,000

Minnesotans rely on SNAP to put food on the table.
SNAP assistance is

particularly important to children as well as many seniors on a fixed

income.
The health and well-being of our communities are under attack

by this Republican majority.
Mr. Speaker, I am voting no on this betrayal of our values and our

constituents, and I will continue to oppose all Republican efforts to

take away food, healthcare, and basic government services that

Minnesotans rely on.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ROLLAND WADE ``R.W.'' NELSON

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible

life and distinguished service of Rolland Wade ``R.W.'' Nelson, who

passed away at the age of 98 on April 8, 2025.
Mr. Nelson is part of

the Greatest co-founded Kemin Industries, a Des Moines-based human and

animal health and nutrition company that employs more than 3,700 people

worldwide.
Mr. Johnson deserves recognition for his service to not only

our district but also the billions of lives he has around the world his

generosity touched.
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1927, Nelson moved to Des Moines at

the age of seven.
He graduated from Dowling Catholic High School in

1944 and began studies at Drake University on a football scholarship,

before being drafted into military service during World War II.
Nelson

served in the United States Army Air Corps from 1945 to 1947, attaining

the rank of Corporal.
He was deployed to the Philippines as a crew

chief for B-29 bombers, earning several service ribbons.
After his honorable discharge, Nelson returned to Drake University,

earning Bachelor of Arts degrees in biology and chemistry.
In 1953, he

married Mary Kelleher, and together they raised five children.
In 1961,

with $10,000 in savings, they founded Kemin Industries, operating

initially from their living room.
Under Nelson's leadership, Kemin

expanded into a global company offering over 500 specialty ingredients

across various industries, with a presence in more than 120 countries.
Nelson held four patents and received numerous accolades, including

the President's ``E'' Certificate for Exports from President Nixon in

1971 and the President's ``E'' Star Award for Excellence in Export from

President Carter in 1978.
He was inducted into the Iowa Business Hall

of Fame in 2006.
Beyond his professional achievements Mr. Nelson leaves behind a

beautiful family, his wife Mary; daughters Elizabeth ``Libby,'' Janet

and Molly and another son, David; 13 grandchildren and seven great-

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in remembering Edward

Johnson.
His dedication to improving the lives of his fellow Iowans,

particularly fellow veterans, will leave a legacy.
May his memory

inspire us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSING H.R. 1048 DETERRENT ACT AND AMENDMENTS 5 AND 6

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM, Ms. Speaker, I voted in opposition to H.R. 1048

because, if enacted as written, it would place burdensome, duplicative,

and potentially harmful requirements upon our Nation's institutions of

higher education, without significantly improving our national

security.
My colleague Congresswoman Tlaib offered two amendments to this

legislation that raised her concerns with how we identify countries and

investments of concern.
We discussed these valid and serious issues,

but I could not support the amendments as written because one failed to

protect due process and the other omitted definitions.
I voted against amendment number 5 from Rep. Tlaib of Michigan

because the identification of foreign countries of concern should not

be based solely on alleged violations or warrants.
Due process is

important, and the way this amendment was drafted would impose

restrictions on a nation based upon allegations, not convictions.