We discussed these valid and serious issues,

but I could not support the amendments as written because one failed to

protect due process and the other omitted definitions.
I voted against amendment number 5 from Rep. Tlaib of Michigan

because the identification of foreign countries of concern should not

be based solely on alleged violations or warrants.
Due process is

important, and the way this amendment was drafted would impose

restrictions on a nation based upon allegations, not convictions.
I voted present for amendment number 6 from Rep. Tlaib of Michigan

because I share my colleague's serious concerns about entities who

facilitate state violence and violations of international law and human

rights.
However, this amendment would authorize the Secretary of State

to make those determinations without the definitions necessary to make

Congressional intent clear.
I worry that, absent those definitions,

this authority could be used in a politically punitive manner by the

administration.
But I hope in the future we can revisit this effort to

address the serious issue of international human rights violations.
My district has many institutions of higher education, and it is

important to my constituents that I take seriously the impacts of

legislation on college and university students in my district, and the

institutions serving them.
The DETERRENT Act does contain some

proposals that have my support and the support of our higher education

community, like making reporting requirements annual and better

aligning definitions like ``countries of concern'' across federal

agencies.
However, in the name of increasing oversight of foreign influence,

this bill would actually make oversight less effective and create

confusion and security vulnerabilities.
It would require the Department

for security risks.
With the Trump administration attempting to

eliminate the Department of Education, it is unclear how the Department

would take on these extra responsibilities.
I voted against this legislation because it creates more problems

than solutions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BOBBY BRITE

HON.
TOM BARRETT

Mr. BARRETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding

American and true patriot, Mr. Bobby Brite, who was named Veteran of

the Year for 2024 by the American Legion.
Bobby is a 26-year veteran of the United States Army who served our

country with integrity, sacrifice, and quiet leadership.
He served on

active duty from 1990 to 1996 and again from 2003 to 2005, when his

work as an infantry platoon leader during Operation Iraqi Freedom II

earned him the Bronze Star Medal and the Combat Infantry Badge.
Following his retirement in 2023, Bobby rededicated his life to

serving his brothers and sisters who also hung up the uniform.
Today,

he is Post Historian for American Legion Post 141 in Howell, Michigan,

where he previously served as Post Commander, 1st Vice Commander, and

Finance Officer.
He is also Secretary for the VFW Post 6464, President of the Howell

Veterans Society, American Legion Department of Michigan Membership

Committee Member, and a Post 141 Past Commanders Committee Member.
To put it simply, Bobby Brite is a pillar in the veteran community--

offering support, building friendships, and fighting to ensure that no

veteran is left behind.
Whether it's helping a fellow veteran navigate

the VA system, organizing community events, or just being someone to

lean on, Bobby is always there.
His efforts exemplify the very spirit

of the American Legion--``For God and Country''--and I could think of

no one more deserving of this tremendous honor.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating my good

friend, Bobby Brite, on this incredible achievement.
Our community, the

state of Michigan, and the United States of America are grateful for

his continued service to our Nation and its heroes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HEROIC ACTIONS OF MR.
DANNY WELLS OF PECULIAR, MISSOURI

HON.
MARK ALFORD

Mr. ALFORD.