Title: CELEBRATING EDUCATION AND SHARING DAY IN HONOR OF THE REBBE, RABBI MENACHEM MENDEL SCHNEERSON; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
66

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING EDUCATION AND SHARING DAY IN HONOR OF THE REBBE, RABBI

MENACHEM MENDEL SCHNEERSON

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and legacy of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, known as the

Rebbe, a spiritual leader whose impact on faith, education, and

morality continues to inspire millions.
Born in 1902, the Rebbe endured the horrors of Russian communism and

evils of Nazi Germany before arriving in the United States

in 1941.
From here, he led efforts to rebuild Jewish life, promoting

values of kindness, education, and service to others.
He sent rabbinical students across the country, including to South

Dakota, to reach Jews in isolated communities.
His vision led to the

Chabad-Lubavitch movement becoming the world's largest Jewish

educational organization, now active in all 50 states and 109

countries.
The Rebbe believed education must include ethics and character, not

just academics.
His message resonated far beyond his faith, earning him

the Congressional Gold Medal and recognition through Education and

Sharing Day, proclaimed annually by U.S. Presidents since 1978.
Education and Sharing Day represents an excellent opportunity for us

to reflect on the Rebbe's vision and leadership.
May we carry forward

the Rebbe's legacy by choosing kindness, living with purpose, and

working toward a more compassionate world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, the Republican's Reckless Budget Scheme is

back on the House floor today, proposing the same devastating cuts to

our families and communities in exchange for massive tax breaks for

Elon Musk, President Trump, and their billionaire buddies.
I am joining every Democrat in the House and Senate in opposing this

resolution.
Apparently, Republicans weren't paying attention when Americans

across the country took to the streets last weekend to tell them to

keep their hands off our healthcare, our education, and food assistance

for our children, our elders, and our neighbors in need.
I was there

speaking to my constituents, and I heard them loud and clear.
This is not the direction the American people want our country to go.
But despite that, House Republicans are using their majority to

advance an agenda that serves the wealthiest Americans at the expense

of our Nation's working families.
The Republican budget is a framework

that instructs the Energy and Commerce Committee to cut $880 billion.
That level of cut is impossible without decimating Medicaid.
The

Agriculture Committee will have to find at least $230 billion in cuts,

which threatens food assistance like SNAP even as food prices are

rising.
Let's be clear: Republicans are using these cuts to our neighbors to

offset their tax breaks for giant corporations and billionaires like

Elon Musk.
And even after all these cruel cuts, their budget will still

burden Americans with trillions of dollars in new debt.
President Trump's `Big Beautiful Bill' doesn't do anything to address

the high cost of living or fix the economic mess created by the

President's trade war.
In fact, it adds more burden for Minnesota

families who are looking for help with the rising cost of living.
Nearly 1.3 million Minnesotans--about one quarter of our state--are

covered by Medicaid.
A cut of this magnitude would have severe

consequences for health care access for the families, seniors, people

with disabilities, and especially children who rely on this coverage.
That includes 172,000 of my constituents here in the Fourth District,

90,000 of whom are children on CHIP.
In our district, 54,000

Minnesotans rely on SNAP to put food on the table.
SNAP assistance is

particularly important to children as well as many seniors on a fixed

income.