A licensed Clinical Social Worker, Certified Grief Counselor,

Clinical Thanatologist, and Certified Dementia Practitioner, Amy has

dedicated her life to providing care, comfort, and compassion to others

in our community in challenging times of need.
Throughout her career,

Amy saw first-hand the heartbreaking suffering of children who lost a

loved one and recognized a need for a positive, compassionate and

effective bereavement resource for children and their families in our

community.
And so, in 2013, her non-profit, Hands Holding Hearts, was

born and has since become a beacon of comfort and hope for Bucks County

children and families as they navigate some of the most painful and

difficult times of their lives.
Studies show that one in 12 kids will

lose a parent or sibling by the age of 18, with that rate only

increasing since the pandemic.
Without the necessary support and

resources to process their grief, children are left without the tools

and skills needed to successfully and positively move forward.
Through

workshops, Camp Feeling Better Summer Camp, counseling, support groups,

and community presentations, Amy and her team of experienced counselors

provide children with vital education and resources for coping and

communicating and the invaluable comfort of knowing they are not alone.
Mr. Speaker, it is through the work of people like Amy that our

communities thrive, and our Nation grows stronger.
Her efforts remind

us of the power in making a positive difference in the lives of

children and families in need.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Amy for her extraordinary service.
I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual, whose

leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to come.
May

her example remind us of the boundless potential within each of us to

make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: VALERIE HAMILTON

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Valerie Hamilton, one of our district's

distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades, but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Valerie Hamilton has embodied this spirit in

ways that words can scarcely capture.
Since 2012, Valerie--owner, founder, and executive director of

Children of God Educational Services--has been a driving force in

transforming early education and childcare in Bristol Borough.
With a

relentless focus on strengthening family bonds and immersing children

in rich, local experiences, Valerie has built more than a childcare

service--she has cultivated a foundation for lifelong success.
Every

day, Valerie and her devoted team go above and beyond to provide

children with the skills, opportunities, and confidence they need to

thrive.
Through her carefully crafted Preschool, After School, and

Summer Camp programs, she not only enriches young minds but also offers

critical support to working parents, empowering families to succeed.
Valerie's mission is rooted in more than education--she shapes

character, instilling integrity, compassion, and a deep sense of

community in every child she serves.
Her unwavering commitment to high-

quality care and her ability to inspire and uplift have left a lasting

mark on countless children and families.
Her work is not just

childcare; it is a beacon of hope, opportunity, and purpose, changing

lives and building a stronger future for our community.