He also led

the deployment of Fixed License Plate Readers, which enhanced the

department's ability to monitor and respond to criminal activity more

effectively.
Chief Bendig's leadership extended far beyond the borders of

Montgomery Township.
He served as Commander of the Montgomery County

Major Incident Response Team, playing a key role in handling critical

incidents across the region.
He also contributed significantly as the

Deputy Emergency Management Coordinator for the township, ensuring

preparedness for major emergencies.
His leadership roles within law

enforcement associations are equally impressive, having served as

Executive Chair and President of the Police Chiefs Association of

Montgomery County and as a member of the National Security Executive

Board for the FBI Philadelphia Field Division.
In addition to his leadership in public safety, Chief Bendig was a

trusted instructor and advisor.
He served as a Training Committee Chair

for the Eastern Pennsylvania FBI National Academy Associates and as a

peer reviewer for the United States Department of Justice's Office of

Justice Programs.
His involvement in the Montgomery County Racial/

Ethnic Disparities Task Force further underscores his commitment to

fostering fairness and inclusivity in law enforcement.
Throughout his career, Chief Bendig was recognized with numerous

awards and commendations.
His accolades include two Unit Citations, two

Commendations for Merit, and a Certificate of Commendation, along with

countless letters recognizing his commendable service and leadership.
His influence extended beyond Montgomery Township, as he served as an

instructor and advisor to various law enforcement organizations

ensuring his knowledge and experience were shared widely.
What truly distinguishes Chief Bendig, however, is his sincere

dedication to the welfare of his officers and the community.
He

fostered a culture of excellence within the department, constantly

challenging younger officers to strive for their full potential.
His

legacy of leadership is marked by both his technical acumen and his

unwavering commitment to nurturing the next generation of law

enforcement professionals.
I am confident that his impact on Montgomery Township will be felt

for many years to come.
His selfless service, exemplary leadership, and

lasting contributions will forever be a part of the community's

history.
I extend my deepest gratitude to Chief Bendig for his years of

devoted service and wish him the very best in all his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: AMY KEIPER-SHAW

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--

someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in service to

both our community and our country.
It is with great respect and

admiration that I recognize Amy Keiper-Shaw, one of our district's

distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Amy has embodied this spirit in ways that words

can scarcely capture.
A licensed Clinical Social Worker, Certified Grief Counselor,

Clinical Thanatologist, and Certified Dementia Practitioner, Amy has

dedicated her life to providing care, comfort, and compassion to others

in our community in challenging times of need.
Throughout her career,

Amy saw first-hand the heartbreaking suffering of children who lost a

loved one and recognized a need for a positive, compassionate and

effective bereavement resource for children and their families in our

community.
And so, in 2013, her non-profit, Hands Holding Hearts, was

born and has since become a beacon of comfort and hope for Bucks County

children and families as they navigate some of the most painful and

difficult times of their lives.