This long-standing partnership highlights the

importance of advancing efforts to establish Permanent Normal Trade

Relations (PNTR), ensuring that Kazakhstan's economic growth is fully

acknowledged and supported within the global marketplace.
As we look to the future, the United States and Kazakhstan are poised

to deepen their partnership through continued dialogue, trade, and

collaboration on shared goals.
Together, we are committed to fostering

peace, security, and prosperity, not only in Central Asia but on the

global stage.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VIDOR POLICE DEPARTMENT FOR HEROIC ACTIONS

HON.
RANDY K. WEBER, SR.
Mr. WEBER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor

two exceptional officers from the Vidor Police Department, Officer

Michael Stephenson and Officer Ashton Moss, for their courageous, life-

saving actions in the face of a family's worst nightmare.
Their swift

and selfless response is a shining example of the best that law

enforcement has to offer--timely heroics in the service of others.
In the early hours of Tuesday, September 10, 2024, at 1:49 AM, the

Vidor Police Dispatch Center received a call about a residential fire

with reports of children trapped inside.
When Officers Stephenson and

Moss arrived on the scene, they wasted no time.
Spotting an air

conditioning unit in the window of the children's room, they

immediately began working to dislodge it, knowing every second counted.
Officer Stephenson managed to remove the window unit, and with the

help of Officer

Moss, they reached inside and pulled out two young children--a 7-year-

old and a 9-year-old.
Just moments after they rescued those precious

kids, flames erupted from the window.
I thank Officers Michael Stephenson and Ashton Moss, for their

bravery, speed, and dedication.
Their actions embody the true spirit of

Southeast Texas--courage, selflessness, and a deep commitment to

protecting others.
It is an honor to represent them in Congress, and

their heroism sets an example for us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HAYDEN JOSEPH KANG'S PERFECT SCHOLASTIC APTITUDE TEST (SAT)

SCORE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

outstanding academic accomplishments of a constituent from my district,

Hayden Joseph Kang.
Hayden is a Senior at Council Rock High School South who regularly

demonstrates a commitment to academic excellence, with this dedication

culminating in him achieving a perfect score of 1600 on the Scholastic

Aptitude Test (SAT) on November 4, 2023.
Hayden demonstrated a

proficiency in reading comprehension, including information and ideas,

craft and structure, and expression of ideas, and mathematics,

including a remarkable understanding of advanced mathematics, problem-

solving and data analysis, algebra, geometry and trigonometry.
Hayden's performance on the SAT should serve as a testament to his

intelligence and motivation.
I am encouraged by his motivation to

perform incredibly in his academic career, and I am proud to represent

such a remarkable student in my district.
It is my hope that, by Hayden's example, students throughout my

district and throughout the country are encouraged to challenge

themselves academically, and endeavor to strive for excellence in every

facet of their lives.
Moreover, the example provided by young people,

like Hayden, should serve as an inspiration to challenge ourselves and

strive for excellence in every facet of our lives.
I would like to wish Hayden the best in his future endeavors, both

academically and professionally, and once again congratulate him on his

incredible performance on the SAT.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING METRA COMMUTER RAILROAD'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
SEAN CASTEN

Mr. CASTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Metra Commuter

Railroad on its 40th anniversary of providing reliable, affordable, and

safe transportation services throughout the state and for residents of

Illinois' 6th Congressional District.