Mr. Jakubaszek's journey began in the City of North Tonawanda, where

he grew up and cultivated a love for his community that would guide him

throughout his life.
After pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Business

Administration in Pennsylvania, he was commissioned into the U.S.

Army--a testament to his commitment to service.
It was during this time

that he met the love of his life, Jean, and together they built a

family that included their four cherished children: Jennifer, Michael,

Thomas, and Joseph.
Mr. Jakubaszek's legacy also includes 38 years of service as the

Accountant of the City of North Tonawanda, a trustee of the public

library, an usher at the Riviera Theater and other various leadership

roles throughout the community.
David Jakubaszek's legacy is not just in the positions he held or the

time he volunteered, but in the countless lives he touched with his

kindness, generosity, and unwavering support.
He embodied the spirit of

community, showing us all what it means to give of oneself for the

betterment of others.
His love for life and his dedication to service

will forever be an inspiration to us all.
Mr. Speaker, as we honor David Jakubaszek today, let us remember him

not only for his outstanding service, but also for the values he

instilled in each of us--values of compassion, dedication, and the

importance of lifting one another up.
While he may no longer be with us

in body, his spirit lives on in the community he cherished so deeply.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY FITZGERALD

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mary

``Marie'' Fitzgerald of Norwich, Connecticut.
Mary passed away

peacefully on October 5, 2024, at the age of 99.
As a lifelong resident

of Union Street, she was a pillar of the Norwich community, touching

countless lives in her almost half-century of service as a teacher.
Mary was born on December 14, 1924, in Norwich, Connecticut, to

William and Kathryn Fitzgerald.
Her father was an amazing person, whose

legacy of public service lives on at the local, state, and federal

levels.
He grew up in a first-generation Irish American family, went to

work in a foundry at the age of 15, and because of his work ethic,

became a foreman, was elected Mayor of Norwich, and in 1936, Member of

the U.S. House of Representatives.
As a freshman member of Congress, he

succeeded in passing the National Apprenticeship Authorization Act--

``The Fitzgerald Act'' which set national standards for apprenticeship

training that still is the law of the land.
He returned to Connecticut

and served in WWII on the Connecticut War Production Board, which

produced military equipment (submarines, aircraft engines) that was

instrumental to the success of the allied nations.
As his daughter,

Mary grew up close to all the action of such a dynamic leader.
After her family returned to Norwich from Washington, Mary too chose

a path of public service, albeit in a different form.
After completing her education, Mary dedicated her life to early

childhood education and the profession of teaching.
For many decades,

she worked as a kindergarten teacher, helping to shape the minds of

generations of children.
Mary led with compassion and went above and

beyond to create a caring and supportive environment for each student

who entered her classroom.
She helped instill a love of learning for an

incredible number of students who will not soon forget her impact.
Mary loved her neighborhood and the people around her.
Outside of her

work as a teacher, she thoughtfully devoted her time to charities

throughout the community as well as her church.
Mary also served as a

devoted Parishioner of the Cathedral of St. Patrick, attending mass

every day and attending virtually when she could no longer attend in

person.