Members of the SCMS Alliance are primarily spouses of active and

retired physicians, as well as physicians themselves.
Physicians and

their spouses make significant sacrifices to serve and care for others,

and it is a privilege to honor their selflessness.
These members use

their time impactfully to serve Smith County, offering their support to

doctors and doctors' families.
And for that, I am once again proud to

be an East Texan, where people put others before themselves.
I would like to thank President Renee Wright, the SCMS Alliance

Board, and all the members of the Smith County Medical Society Alliance

for their outstanding work over the years.
I am delighted to

congratulate the Alliance on 90 years of service to Smith County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE ST.
LOUIS ALUMNAE AND SAINT LOUIS METROPOLITAN

ALUMNAE CHAPTERS OF DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INC.
HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, along with the people of St. Louis, I rise

today to honor and recognize the esteemed Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,

Inc., particularly the members of the St. Louis Alumnae Chapter and the

Saint Louis Metropolitan Alumnae Chapter, on the occasion of Delta Day,

celebrated on October 18, 2024, in the City of St. Louis.
Founded in 1913 at Howard University by 22 courageous collegiate

women, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. has been a beacon of social

justice, leadership, and public service.
The Founders' first public

act--marching alongside the suffragettes to achieve voting rights for

women--set the tone for more than a century of advocacy and action.
Today, the sorority continues to be a transformative force in

communities across the globe, guided by the powerful theme: Forward

With Fortitude: Engaging Our Sisterhood, Empowering Our Communities,

Elevating Our Impact.
The St. Louis Alumnae Chapter and Saint Louis Metropolitan Alumnae

Chapter have proudly embodied the sorority's mission of service and

advocacy in our region.
Their dedication to public service has improved

countless lives in St. Louis, as they have stood in the vanguard of

social, educational, and economic justice.
Whether it is through

mentorship programs, voter engagement initiatives, or charitable

efforts, Deltas are at the heart of helping to make our communities

stronger.
On this Delta Day, we recognize our remarkable Deltas for their

tireless efforts and lasting contributions.
As they gather together, we

honor their ongoing work to safeguard the legacy of those who came

before them and to build a better future for those who will follow.
On behalf of Missouri's First District, I ask my colleagues to join

me in celebrating the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. and

in recognition of October 18, 2024, as Delta Day in the City of St.

Louis.
May we continue to support and uplift each and every member and

the communities they so passionately serve.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVID JAKUBASZEK WITH THE OUTSTANDING SERVICE AWARD BY THE

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE TONAWANDAS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Mr.

David Jakubaszek.
It is with deepest respect and heartfelt remembrance

that we recognize Mr. Jakubaszek for posthumously receiving the

Outstanding Service Award by the Chamber of Commerce of the Tonawandas.
Mr. Jakubaszek's journey began in the City of North Tonawanda, where

he grew up and cultivated a love for his community that would guide him

throughout his life.
After pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Business

Administration in Pennsylvania, he was commissioned into the U.S.

Army--a testament to his commitment to service.
It was during this time

that he met the love of his life, Jean, and together they built a

family that included their four cherished children: Jennifer, Michael,

Thomas, and Joseph.