Mary loved her neighborhood and the people around her.
Outside of her

work as a teacher, she thoughtfully devoted her time to charities

throughout the community as well as her church.
Mary also served as a

devoted Parishioner of the Cathedral of St. Patrick, attending mass

every day and attending virtually when she could no longer attend in

person.
She was also a member of the Rosary Altar Society and the

Connecticut Alpha Delta Kappa Chapter, a fraternal organization for

teachers.
In her free time, Mary was adventurous and loved to have new

experiences.
Starting in 1969, she traveled with her best friend

Phyllis.
Together, they saw several countries and six different

continents, finding favorites in Ireland, Japan, Bermuda, and New

Zealand.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent constituents like Mary.
Her

friends and family remarked that Mary had an infectious love for life

and emulated devotion to her community.
She was a beloved teacher and

community leader, and we can take solace in the knowledge that she has

left a legacy through each and every one of her students and the

countless individuals who knew her.
She is survived by generations of

cousins including Mary ``Betsy'' Clarke, Heather Anderson, and Adam

Clarke and their respective families.
Mary is also survived by her

neighbor, David Bonneville.
I request that my colleagues honor Mary's

life of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE REPUBLIC DAY OF KAZAKHSTAN

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the Republic Day of

Kazakhstan, commemorating Kazakhstan's declaration of sovereignty on

October 25, 1990.
This pivotal moment paved the way for Kazakhstan's

eventual independence from the Soviet Union and symbolizes the nation's

enduring commitment to self-determination, prosperity, and peace.
Kazakhstan's early alignment with the West has significantly

influenced its development.
Over the past three decades, Kazakhstan has

transformed into a thriving nation with a strong economy, a growing

international presence, and a robust partnership with the United

States.
The relationship between Kazakhstan and the United States is rooted

in the shared values of democracy, economic growth, and mutual respect.
As we celebrate Kazakhstan's achievements, we reaffirm our commitment

to working together in addressing global challenges and promoting

peace, security, and economic development.
Kazakhstan continues to be a pillar of stability in Central Asia,

emerging as a global leader in nuclear nonproliferation, peacekeeping,

and fostering regional cooperation.
As a net contributor to peace and

security not only in the region, but also globally, Kazakhstan is

committed to addressing global challenges and promoting international

stability.
As a religiously diverse country, it serves as a case study of

peaceful coexistence.
Kazakhstan hosts the Congress of Leaders of World

and Traditional Religions, which has become an important venue for

fostering dialogue among various faiths and serves as a unique platform

for interfaith and intercultural cooperation.
At a tumultuous time in

the world, this event serves as an important opportunity for faith

leaders to work to promote and protect freedom of religious expression

and worship in Kazakhstan and in all nations.
President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev's commitment to political and

societal reforms is commendable.
Despite external pressures, Kazakhstan

has remained a peaceful and stabilizing force in Central Asia,

exemplifying its dedication to democracy and Western ideals.
Kazakhstan remains a reliable and trusted partner of the United

States, particularly as an active member of the World Trade

Organization (WTO).
This long-standing partnership highlights the

importance of advancing efforts to establish Permanent Normal Trade

Relations (PNTR), ensuring that Kazakhstan's economic growth is fully

acknowledged and supported within the global marketplace.
As we look to the future, the United States and Kazakhstan are poised

to deepen their partnership through continued dialogue, trade, and

collaboration on shared goals.
Together, we are committed to fostering

peace, security, and prosperity, not only in Central Asia but on the

global stage.