Title: CELEBRATING BRAD JACKSON'S RECORD OF PUBLIC SERVICE TO KOSCIUSKO COUNTY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
159

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BRAD JACKSON'S RECORD OF PUBLIC SERVICE TO KOSCIUSKO COUNTY

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor, recognize, and congratulate

my good friend, business leader and builder, devoted public servant,

and Kosciusko County Commissioner Brad Jackson as he prepares to retire

as County Commissioner at the end of this year after 28 years in

elected office.
Brad has been a close personal friend of mine for more than a decade

and a committed and effective champion for all things Kosciusko County

for even longer.
From his work as a second-generation homebuilder and

experienced business owner to his service in elected office, Brad's

long-standing commitment to meeting the needs of Kosciusko County

Hoosiers has been deep and unwavering.
Quite simply, Brad is the kind

making decisions that affect people's lives.
Brad's belief in and adherence to conservative principles and values

has helped keep Kosciusko County growing and on the move during Brad's

nearly three-decade tenure as County Commissioner.
Fiscal discipline,

low taxes, preventing unnecessary regulations on businesses and job

creators, and support for law enforcement and keeping crime low have

all been hallmarks of Brad's approach to politics and public service.
Most of all, his love for community, his family, and God has kept Brad

grounded in the things that matter, and it has made him a leader who is

admired and respected by so many.
As Brad's career in public life comes to a close, I am reminded of

the saying ``I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives.
I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him.''
I

believe this quote applies uniquely well to County Commissioner Brad

Jackson.
The Kosciusko County community is unquestionably better off

thanks to this good man with a servant's heart.
Brad has not only built

countless construction projects in his career, he has also built an

incredible legacy and a stronger foundation for Kosciusko County to

stand and grow upon going forward.
I join Hoosiers throughout Indiana's Second Congressional District in

expressing our gratitude to Brad for his many years of dedicated

service.
I wish Brad a very happy retirement and him, his wife

Lynnette, their two sons, and their extended family all the very best

going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE SMITH COUNTY MEDICAL SOCIETY ALLIANCE'S 90TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and celebrate the

90th anniversary of the Smith County Medical Society Alliance, an

organization that has strengthened, supported, and served medical

families in and around Tyler, Texas, since 1934.
Their dedication to

nurturing and encouraging a healthy community has not been overlooked.
Over the years, the SCMS Alliance has provided countless educational

and supportive opportunities, events, and projects for the citizens of

Smith County.
The SCMS Alliance has distributed over $1 million in medical student

scholarships to students at Tyler Junior College, the University of

Texas at Tyler, and UT Tyler School of Medicine.
Their Junior Health

Ambassadors project focuses on providing physician children with ways

they can serve Smith County.
The Youth Leadership Council aims to

develop leadership skills among local high school students.
The SCMS

Alliance has also collaborated with TMAA to sponsor book vending

machines at elementary schools.
Members of the SCMS Alliance are primarily spouses of active and

retired physicians, as well as physicians themselves.
Physicians and

their spouses make significant sacrifices to serve and care for others,

and it is a privilege to honor their selflessness.
These members use

their time impactfully to serve Smith County, offering their support to

doctors and doctors' families.