The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster has already told the House about plans for a reduction in civil service numbers.
Since he came into office, how many civil service roles in the Cabinet Office and its agencies have been eliminated?
We hope to see a reduction of around 2,000 in Cabinet Office numbers over the next few years.
We have instituted a voluntary exit scheme, which will make the management of headcount easier and will come into force very soon.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster very skilfully talked about the future, rather than the past year.
I will let him know that during the past year, the number of roles in his Department and its agencies has increased by 828.
That cannot give the House a great deal of confidence that his future cuts will be effective.
Will he guarantee that that is a one-off and that he will go back and ensure that the Cabinet Office is actually reduced in size?
The hon.
Gentleman was part of a Government who regularly produced headcount targets for civil servants that were about as reliable as the immigration targets that the Conservatives also produced.
I have made it clear that we do not seek a particular headcount target; it depends on what people do.
We are trying to reduce the overhead spend, but we are prepared to hire more people when it comes to frontline public service delivery.
That is why we are hiring more teachers and getting the waiting lists down.
We are not adopting the hon.
Gentleman’s approach; therefore, I will not fall into the trap that he is trying to set.
Businesses in my constituency often complain about the shocking Brexit deal that the Conservative party gave us, with more costs, more red tape and more paperwork.
That is why Labour Members welcome the new EU deal negotiated by this Government.
Can the Minister set out how businesses in my constituency—in Loughborough, Shepshed and the villages—will benefit from our new grown-up relationship with the European Union?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The package will cut red tape and reduce barriers to trade for businesses; make it easier for businesses to export iconic products such as Melton Mowbray pork pies, Red Leicester cheese and Stilton cheese; and open up wider access to the UK market.
That is why it has been backed right across the business sector.