The Government’s own cyber experts Innovate UK have warned the Government that the proposed Chinese embassy at the Royal Mint threatens to compromise the telephone and internet exchange that serves the financial City of London.
The experts are now telling the Government what everyone else has known all along: the super-embassy poses a super-risk.
Yet the Deputy Prime Minister’s office has said that any representations on the planning application have to be made available to the applicants.
Perhaps the real Deputy Prime Minister can clear this up: are the Government seriously saying that if MI5 or GCHQ have concerns about security on this site, those concerns will have to be passed to the Chinese Communist party, or has the Deputy Prime Minister got it wrong?
When it comes to both engagement with China and with an issue like this, we will engage properly while always bearing in mind our own national security considerations.
The approach we do not adopt is to withdraw from engagement, which the previous Government did for a number of years—flip-flopping from that to the previous era that they called the golden era.
We will engage with China when it is in our economic interest, but we will always bear our national security interests in mind.
The previous Government did not engage—sorry, they did not disengage.
At the heart of this are two simple facts.
First, the Government already know that this site is a security risk.
It is a security risk to the City of London and, through it, our economy and the economies of all nations that trade in London.
Secondly, the Government have the power to block it.
Ireland and Australia have both already blocked similar embassy developments.
Why are this Government too weak to act?
The hon.
Gentleman was right the first time when he said that the previous Government did not engage enough.
As I said, a decision on this application will be taken with full consideration of our national security considerations.
Those considerations are always part of these decisions, and our engagement with China and other countries.
Where I agree with him is that when it comes to national cyber-security, we must bear in mind state threats as well as non-state threats, and that is very much part of our thinking as we respond to what is going on in the cyber-sphere.
Hopefully Lancashire will help with that with the new centre at Samlesbury.
What progress he has made on joining up government.
We have been clear from the outset that we want to govern in a joined-up way, though as we all know the DNA in the departmental system is strong and has lasted a long time.
Delivering our plan for change will require Departments to work together, whether that is to build more houses, give children the best start in life—today we announced access to free school meals for children of people on universal credit—or to protect the country against crime and security threats.
It is very important that these are not goals of Departments but of the Government, and that is why we work together to achieve them.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer.
Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket is privileged to  host thousands of servicemen and servicewomen from RAF Honington, RAF Lakenheath and RAF Mildenhall.
They play a crucial part in the lives of our towns and villages.
Can the Minister assure me that the Ministry of Defence is working with other Departments to ensure that places such as Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket will benefit from the announcements in the strategic defence review in the form of jobs, housing, investment and apprenticeships?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
When the Prime Minister announced the strategic defence review a few days ago, he was clear that the uplift that has been approved by the Government in defence spending is a matter not just of the Ministry of Defence budget, but of industrial policy and skills policy.
For example, we have announced an extra £1.5 billion for munitions over the next five years, creating six new munitions factories and over 1,000 jobs.
It is really important that these investments are of benefit to different parts of the country as we make the necessary investments to improve our defence and national security in response to a changing world.