What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
Payments to infected people started at the end of last year.
The Government expect payments to affected people to start by the end of this year.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority, which is independent of Government, publishes updated figures fortnightly.
As of  3 June , it has contacted 1,360 people to begin a claim and made offers to 324 people,  totalling £253 million.
There is much further to go, but progress is being made in delivering justice to the victims of this devastating scandal.
In Wirral West, my constituent became a victim of this scandal over 50 years ago when she was a child, and it has affected her life ever since.
In her own words, victims have gone through horrible levels of distress, and now they wait for compensation.
That wait is not just for financial security; it is for closure.
Could the Minister please give me and my constituent assurances that the speed at which the payments will be made will be ramped up?
My hon.
Friend’s constituent is entirely right to talk about the deep distress that victims have been through.
IBCA is contacting an average of 100 people to start their claim every week, and expect to have brought into claim all those who are infected and registered with a support scheme this calendar year.
I will continue to support IBCA to deliver compensation as quickly as possible.
The infected blood inquiry heard from black and Asian victims who say that they were even more dramatically let down due to discrimination, which has helped to create an understandable mistrust of the authorities and a lack of faith that justice will be done.
Please could the Minister ensure that he does all he can to reach out to all communities to encourage everyone who is entitled to apply for the compensation scheme to do so?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the need to reach out to all communities and ensure that every single victim secures justice.
I assure her that that is absolutely what the Government are committed to doing.