I am going to resist all attempts to involve me in a love-in.
However, the Liberal Democrats very much welcome the progress that has been made in the UK-EU reset.
We are particularly pleased to see the Prime Minister listen to our long-standing calls on a defence fund, on a veterinary scheme and on youth mobility, or youth experience—whatever we are calling it now.
The Minister knows that I am going to continue to press him on the matter.
We welcome the announcement, but we need more certainty of the scheme’s scope and timescales.
I am thinking particularly of those young people who want to start making plans for their future, perhaps not for this summer
but maybe for next.
Will the youth experience scheme be open to them?
Can they start to plan for experiences in the EU?
May I press the Minister for more detail on the timeline for introducing the scheme?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her support.
In fairness, she has been supportive of the youth experience scheme throughout.
Having  secured the agreement at the summit, we will obviously move now into a different phase of the negotiations, looking at implementation, whether that is in terms of the link with the emissions trading systems, the sanitary and phytosanitary agreement or the youth experience scheme.
We obviously want to move forward as quickly as we can with implementation.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of the new trading relationship with the EU.
There is no question but that the new arrangements we have with the European Union will grow our economy.
It will put more money in the pockets of working people, and the proof will be there for all to see as it eases pressure on food prices and cuts red tape—more prosperity, more safety, more security—but unfortunately, it seems that the Opposition’s position is to unpick all of that.
The Government continue to celebrate last month’s latest EU surrender deal, continuing their long-term ambition to undo the results of a democratic vote that their leadership has never agreed with and  is doing its best to reverse at every opportunity.
The Government have already proven that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
Can the Minister reassure the House that this Government have no further intentions to surrender any more hard-won Brexit freedoms?
The only thing that has been surrendered is the credibility of the Conservative party.
This Government have used the independent post-Brexit trade policy to secure a deal with India, a deal with the United States, and a deal with the EU that is good for jobs, good for bills and good for borders.
The Conservatives will have to explain at the next election why they want to undo all of it.
What steps he is taking to relocate civil service roles to locations outside London.
What steps he is taking to relocate civil service roles to locations outside London.
The state has to reform to secure better value for money and outcomes for the public, and to ensure that government better reflects the country it serves.
I often say that I want a civil service that speaks with all the accents of this great country.
We are committed to half of UK-based senior civil servants being based outside London by the end of the decade.
Last month, we confirmed plans to relocate thousands of civil service roles to 13 towns and cities across the country.
The aim is to bring the civil service closer to local communities and to bring good employment prospects to different parts of the country.