To help Members, we will run business questions to around 11.45.
We can help each other by moving quickly, so I call Leigh Ingham to provide a good example.
Two amazing young women in my constituency, Liz and Grace, are part of the team from Newport high school for girls who this week competed in the Young Enterprise finals.
Liz, Grace and the rest of the team set up a company from  scratch, designed and manufactured a unique product and have made more than £2,400 in profits, all while doing their A-levels.
As co-chair of the women and enterprise APPG, I am proud to see this home-grown talent.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating them, and may we have a debate on supporting the next generation of women to become involved in enterprise?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Liz and Grace on their enterprising endeavours and making such a good profit while also studying for their A-levels.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment, who is sitting next to me, will have heard that question.
Getting more young women into enterprise and business is obviously very important.
Many constituents in Potters Bar have contacted me with concerns about increases in applications for houses of multiple occupation.
Streets such as Strafford Gate are quiet residential roads with semi-detached bungalows.
They are really not suitable for being converted into units with five or six bedrooms.
Will the Leader of the House find time for us to debate whether planning rules in respect of houses of multiple occupation are fit for purpose?
I am sorry to hear about what is happening in Potters Bar.
The right hon.
Member is right that the proliferation of HMOs can have a devastating effect on communities.
Local authorities have some regulations and powers , but they are often not sufficient.
That is why we have the Renters’ Rights Bill coming through to strengthen the powers of local authorities in the private rented sector, including in relation to HMOs.
I look forward to the right hon.
Member supporting the Bill as it progresses.
I want to pay tribute to Doncaster boxing legend Terri Harper, who is a three-weight world champion and the first British woman to win titles in three weight divisions.
She defended and retained her lightweight boxing title last month in Doncaster.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Terri on her incredible success, and will she make time in the Chamber to discuss how we can encourage girls to become the next generation of leaders in women’s sport, just like Terri?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Terri.
We want to see more women getting involved in sport, not only competing at the highest level like Terri but taking part, because it is really good for their life, wellbeing, health and education.
My constituent was due to have her radio teleswitch meter replaced on Thursday after three years of wrangling with her supplier, but it did not happen.
We know that the RTS switch-off is happening at the end of June, and at the current rate in Scotland it will take 380 days for all the meters to be replaced.
Can we get a statement from the Government on an issue that is fast becoming a crisis?