The Liberal Democrats warmly welcome reports that eligibility for free school meals is being extended to all children in England whose parents receive universal credit.
This is a Lib Dem policy on which we have campaigned for a long time, and it is a positive first step to help to lift children out of poverty.
Of course, there is much more to do.
Among other much needed changes, we would point to the importance of fully funding the policy for schools and auto-enrolling eligible children to ensure that they get the support they need.
I will also highlight, once again, something that is raised in business questions nearly every week: special educational needs.
In March it was reported in the media that the Government will produce a White Paper on special educational needs to address the crisis in schools for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We are hearing rumours that this White Paper may be delayed until the autumn, or possibly until next year.
Children with special educational needs are still without support, parents are still battling with local authorities, schools are still struggling to cope, and councils are still left staring at the prospect of a £5 billion deficit next year from SEND being added to their budgets.
Will the Leader of the House implore the Government to, at the very least, provide a timescale for publishing the White Paper?
First, I thank the hon.
Lady for what she said about free school meals.
I know it is a policy the Liberal Democrats have also campaigned on, but it is this Government who have a proud record of advancing free school meals and lifting children out of poverty, which is exactly what we are doing today, and will continue to do over the coming weeks.
The hon.
Lady raises the matter of special educational needs, which—she is absolutely right—is raised very often in these questions.
I know that it is an issue of great importance to our constituents and to many Members  across the House, as I am sure she will accept.
I will ensure that any developments in this regard are brought to the House, and that Members have ample opportunity to contribute to them.
I am sure she will agree with me that in recent years our special educational needs system has not delivered the outcomes for those who need it most, and that the process is not good for parents and families either.
We need to make changes to the system to deliver good outcomes in both mainstream and specialist settings.
I will ensure that the House is kept fully up to date.
The Just the Tonic comedy festival is coming to South Derbyshire in July, the festival having chosen Elvaston castle as its venue—a place I am helping the local parish council to save as publicly owned.
Who does not love comedy?
Yet despite being nationally loved and generating billions across live digital streaming and more, comedy remains an economically under-leveraged sector, excluded from arts funding, Government reports and the Creative Industries Council itself.
Using comedy in social prescribing could help us save billions on mental healthcare, and I am working with Lou Jackson of Craic House—that is C-R-A-I-C—on a tech platform to help comedians.
Will the Leader of the House dedicate time for a debate on our comedy industry?
My hon.
Friend makes a compelling case.
Of course, comedy is no joke when it comes to the economy.
[Interruption.]
I try my best, Mr Speaker, but I am obviously not as good as those at Craic House in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She makes a great point, and I am sure that Ministers will have heard her call today that the comedy sector is a vital part of our cultural and creative industries, and we will do everything to support it.