Fellow right hon.
and hon.
Members will have noticed that some political parties have begun accepting cryptocurrency donations—far be it from me to suggest that this might be an attempt to dodge the transparency requirements for donations.
Does the Minister join me in welcoming the Electoral Commission’s clear guidance that donations that do not come from a permissible or identifiable source must be returned, and will he be speaking with ministerial colleagues in other Departments about making sure that the forthcoming elections Bill ensures that any political donation involving crypto is fully transparent and in line with our laws?
It is absolutely right that as finance evolves, so too must the rules we have to ensure transparency and probity in elections.
Therefore, the rules regarding the source of funding and the bona fide character of the donors must apply whatever currency is involved.
Labour’s plan to make work pay promised to bring about the biggest wave of insourcing of public services in a generation.
Insourced services are  often shown to provide better value for money.
Will the Government provide an update on their work to ensure that public bodies carry out public interest tests when outsourced contracts expire?
The Government are determined to deliver high-quality public services and better value for money for the taxpayer.
We have committed to introducing a public interest test to assess whether expiring contracts could provide better outcomes and better value in-house, and that was included in the national procurement policy statement.
A recent cyber-attack on schools and early learning IT in my constituency knocked out online access, but also underlined the need for a positive interaction between Scotland’s two Governments, rather than the constant constitutional bickering we have seen in recent years.
With cyber-security about to move out of the Cabinet Office, can the Minister assure us about the way in which a positive cross-governmental and intergovernmental approach to these relationships will be secured?
The hon.
Lady raises a good point.
At the meeting of the Council of the Nations and Regions that took place a couple of weeks ago, issues of technology were very high on the agenda.
We take these forums for dialogue very seriously, and I think I am right in saying that we can have a discussion on this issue without some of the heat that characterises other subjects that come up.
Given the extremely welcome recent news that economic growth for the first quarter of 2025 was 1.6%, indicating that the Government’s mission to kick-start economic growth in the UK is beginning to work, can the Minister set out what plans exist Government-wide to make sure that that prosperity makes a positive difference to all families in the UK, including in the most deprived neighbourhoods such as Swanscombe and Temple Hill in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is right to celebrate the recent figures showing that the UK was the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first quarter of this year—a sign that this Government’s focus on growth is beginning to bear fruit.
We are determined to drive growth in every corner of the country.
The lower Thames crossing, which my hon.
Friend has long campaigned for and this Government have approved, will deliver big benefits in Dartford and beyond.
In terms of encouraging public participation in democracy and in politics, I have found that school visits are constructive, even in the far north of Scotland, and that is on a strictly non-party political basis.
What thoughts might the Government have about encouraging other MPs to engage in that way?
It is informative and constructive.
Visiting schools in my constituency is one of my favourite parts of being a Member of Parliament, and I encourage all MPs to do the same.
We will  legislate to lower the voting age to 16 for all UK elections—when parliamentary time allows, and following engagement and planning with relevant stakeholders—as a way to drive forward participation in democracy.
At yesterday’s meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood, we heard from someone whose father was terminally ill and unlikely to survive to see the compensation to which he is entitled.
It is not fair on people who have waited 40 years for justice that they are left at the starting line for compensation.
Is there any way we can make a list of people who are in that situation and calculate their entitlement for their estate?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work he does with the all-party parliamentary group.
He will know that the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has published a prioritisation list in recent months.
I can also update the House that IBCA is contacting an average of 100 people every week to start their claim, and it expects in this calendar year to have brought in to claim all those who are infected and registered with a support scheme.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster will know that the UK has some of the best intelligence agencies in the world, and they have huge powers and huge budgets which they use to keep our country safe every single day of the week.
He also knows that in any large organisation mistakes are made and public confidence in those agencies is vital.
Given that the Intelligence Services Act 1994 is more than 30 years old—there have been some other Acts—is it not time for the Intelligence and Security Committee to have new powers of oversight and even new powers of sanction, so that the public can have confidence that our intelligence agencies have proper scrutiny and oversight?
Let me echo the right hon.
Member’s words in paying tribute to the work that our intelligence and security agencies do in keeping us all safe every day.
We discussed the Committee earlier in these questions.
The Government have approved an uplift in resources for the Committee, and we are working closely with it on the best operating model for doing its job as effectively as possible.
Mr Speaker, “The only good Tory is a dead Tory.
Kill your local MP”— so said the controversial Ulster rap band who remain on the bill at Glastonbury.
Given that is the case, can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster reassure the House that no Cabinet Office Ministers will be attending Glastonbury this year?
I will not be going to Glastonbury, but I am very much looking forward to seeing Bruce Springsteen at Anfield stadium on Saturday night.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  9 June  includes: Monday 9 June —Remaining stages of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill (day one).
Tuesday 10 June —Consideration of a Lords message to the Data (Use and Access) Bill
[Lords], followed by remaining stages of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill (day two).
Wednesday 11 June —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will present the spending review 2025, followed by Second Reading of the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Bill.
Thursday 12 June —General debate on the distribution of SEND funding, followed by general debate on the fifth anniversary of the covid-19 pandemic.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 13 June —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  16 June  will include: Monday 16 June —Motion relating to the House of Commons independent complaints and grievance scheme, followed by a general debate on Windrush Day 2025.
The subject for that debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 17 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day one).
Wednesday 18 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day two).
Thursday 19 June —Motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA Women’s European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2025, followed by a general debate on incontinence, followed by general debate on water safety education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 20 June —Private Members’ Bills.
Colleagues may also wish to be aware that on  Tuesday 24 June  and  Wednesday 25 June  the House is expected to debate estimates.
Today has a great double significance.
As the House may know, it is World Environment Day, when we celebrate the natural world and recommit ourselves as a Parliament to seek to protect it; and it is also the putative date of birth of Adam Smith, one of my great heroes, who did as much as anyone has ever done to explain the world in which we live.
If I may move from the sublime to the sublimely incompetent, this week has otherwise been one disaster after another for the Government.
On Monday, we had to drag the Leader of the House to the Dispatch Box yet again, and she had to apologise—yet again—for the Government’s flagrant disregard for this House of Commons in briefing out the strategic  defence review over the weekend.
There is no more important issue than the defence of the realm.
It is a UK-wide, long-term, all-party matter and has always been treated as such, yet the Government chose to share the document not only with their friends in the media, but with the industry, at least six hours before it came to this Chamber or to Opposition parties.
It is a matter of deep embarrassment for the Government and raises serious questions about the private sharing of financially sensitive information.
The Leader of the House and the Defence Secretary are both honourable people, and I have no doubt that she has made the case every week in Cabinet for doing such communications properly.
It is just extraordinary that these two members of the Cabinet are being hung out to dry every week by the 12-year-olds in 10 Downing Street.
You could have granted an urgent question every single day this week, Mr Speaker, such has been the deluge of important announcements prematurely made outside this House.
Today, it is free school meals.
Yesterday, it was the reannouncement of Northern Rail spending.
The only mitigating factor is that the Government have been so incompetent in handling their slow-motion U-turn on the winter fuel allowance that no one has noticed anything else—though we still await a statement to the House on that issue as well.
What about the strategic defence review itself?
We should start by thanking the reviewers for their hard work over many months.
I know everyone in this House will want to do that, but if we look at the hard substance of the review, matters become more difficult.
First of all, many of the announcements largely repeat the decisions of previous Governments—for example, on submarines, on AUKUS and on warheads.
Secondly, and most crucially, where is the funding?
Government Ministers have tied themselves in knots over the last few days as to whether the 3% of GDP target is “an ambition”, an aim, or simply to be undertaken “when fiscal circumstances allow” or “in the next Parliament”.
Luckily, General Richard Barrons, one of the SDR reviewers, was more honest, saying that the SDR’s financial profile—the assumptions against which the reviewers were working—assumed that defence will get 2.5% of GDP in financial year 2027-28 and 3% of GDP by no later than 2034.
The great irony is that, not three weeks from now, we will have the NATO summit, which will call not for 3%, but for 3.5% plus 1.5%.
We are light years away from that commitment.
The awful truth is that real money will not begin to flow into the armed forces until the defence industrial strategy and the defence investment plan are announced later this year, hopefully in the proper way to this House.
That will be 15 months after the Government took office.
It is lucky that we do not have a war in Europe.
Thirdly, where is the threat to our adversaries?
No extra cash means no extra commitment, no commitment means no credibility and no credibility means no increased sense of threat to those we face.
What do we know?
We know that there is a war in Europe in which Russia is moving men and matériel not merely to push on in Ukraine, but to threaten the Baltic states.
Ukraine had a glorious victory in the past few days, but we cannot rely on such victories, and we must support it in its struggle against Russia.
What do we know?
We know that Xi Jinping has directed the People’s Liberation Army to develop the capability to invade Taiwan by 2027, and we know that  NATO allies, who have a collective responsibility to each other, in some cases have a long way to go before they are even at 2% of GDP, let alone 3.5%.
Instead of giving real leadership, and putting cash on the table, our own Government are talking about readying the country for war while in reality they continue to dither and delay.
Mr Speaker, I understand that today is Press Association parliamentary editor Richard Wheeler’s last day in the Gallery.
He has covered our proceedings for 12 years, and I am sure we can all agree that that is quite a shift, with Brexit, covid, six Prime Ministers and many interventions from  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , all having been covered by him.
As I have announced, on  Monday 6 June  we will debate a motion in my name to implement the recommendations of last year’s independent Kernaghan review of Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme.
The ICGS was set up in 2018 in response to many serious incidents of bullying, sexual harassment, unacceptable behaviour and poor culture.
Through its work and its existence, strides have been made in addressing our reputation and improving working culture.
However, we must continue to do better and to respond.
That is why I have tabled proposals from the independent review to strengthen and improve the processes of the ICGS.
I have asked its director for a fuller briefing, which, upon receipt, I will place in the Library ahead of the debate so that Members can consider these issues more fully.