We recognise that there is room for improvement—there always is—but I want to let the House know that advance briefings were offered to all Opposition spokespeople, the Chair of the Defence Committee and a select few from the defence community.
An embargoed copy of the full SDR was provided to the Select Committee Clerk shortly after 10 am, and hard copies were provided to the Conservative and Liberal Democrat spokespeople 90 minutes before the statement.
As I reiterated on Monday, the full document was laid first in the House in the afternoon.
I have spoken with you, Mr Speaker, and the Defence Secretary, who I am sure the whole House will agree takes his responsibilities to this House incredibly seriously.
He wants to draw up a clear process for this Government and future Governments to follow, so that the expectations of all concerned are clear.
I really will not be taking advice from the right hon.
Gentleman about respecting Parliament.
He was a Minister and a Member of Parliament under the previous Government, whom the Supreme Court said had acted illegally by proroguing Parliament.
There could be no greater disrespect to this House than that.
He also  served under the former Prime Minister who was found to have misled Parliament.
Again, no worse crime than that could be committed.
The right hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about defence spending, but the Conservatives had 14 years in government to get to the 2.5% target.
Did they get to 2.5% in any one of those 14 years?
No, they did not.
When was the last time this country spent 2.5% on defence?
Oh yes, it was the last time Labour was in government.
That is what we are doing again now, so he might want to look at his own record on that.
I see that today we have had a big move on the economy from the Conservatives—yes, a big move.
They want to draw a line under Liz Truss.
But where is the apology, because I did not hear one?
They finally seem to recognise that crashing the economy was “a big error”, but they do not seem to understand that it is the ordinary working people of this country who are still paying the price for their actions.
The Conservatives should be apologising for that, yet the right hon.
Gentleman wants to go around spending more money.
He does not seem to have got the memo on that.
Let us just be clear.
It is really important that we are clear about why we took the decisions we did at the start of this Parliament.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left no fiscal responsibility—something they now want to try to retain—and they left huge, gaping black holes in the public finances.
Borrowing costs were at record highs and there was a cost of living crisis crushing ordinary people.
When markets lose confidence, which is what they did under his Government and what they were potentially doing at the start of this Parliament, and the economy crashes, it is those on low, fixed incomes, such as pensioners and families living in poverty, who see the cost of living going up.
It is they who pay the heaviest price when the economy crashes.
That is why this Labour Government put economic stability first.
That was our first priority, because we recognise who pays the heaviest price when that goes wrong.