The hon.
Member makes a strong point.
I spend every day encouraging Departments to work together, but he will have heard me say that departmental DNA is strong.
He is right that if we want to achieve things, we must overcome departmental DNA  sometimes and ensure that Departments work together to deliver good projects.
That is exactly what we are trying to do.
A key function of joined-up Government is joined-up procurement, and I have had the pleasure of working with the Crown Commercial Service as a supplier for over 15 years.
There is an ongoing issue that the CCS runs its major procurements during holiday exercises, and this summer is no different.
The construction professional services framework, which is worth billions of pounds, has been delayed and will run over the summer, meaning businesses and families have to cancel summer holidays and change their plans.
What more is the Department doing to address the culture in the CCS of “buyer knows best” and not respecting supply chains?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of the CCS.
We have tasked the CCS with working with suppliers and reviewing how it runs frameworks to maximise the spend with small and medium-sized businesses.
That should include the timing of the framework so that everyone can take part as best as possible.
A couple of weeks ago, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster made a statement at CYBERUK about the Golden Valley development in my constituency, which was welcomed in the constituency.
Since then, a decision has been made on joining up Government with the functions of public sector and on Government cyber-security moving from his Department to the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
Is he having discussions as part of that process to ensure that his DSIT colleagues are well aware of the huge opportunities and the risks to that project at west Cheltenham?
I referred to the machinery of Government change that we announced a few days ago.
We are building up a real sense of expertise in DSIT, and we thought it made sense to make that change to bring together the operational and security parts of cyber policy.
I am sure that my colleagues in DSIT are well aware of the hon.
Member’s views and of the importance of the issues that he raised.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
The historic deal that we signed with the EU on  19 May  is in our national interest and good for bills, borders and jobs.
It slashes  red tape and bureaucracy, boosts British exporters and makes life easier for holidaymakers.
Indeed, I am delighted to confirm that Faro airport in Portugal will start the roll-out of e-gate access to UK arrivals this week.
After years of closed doors under the Conservative party, I warmly welcome this Labour Government’s landmark deal with the European Union and the opportunities that it will open up for our young people again.
I welcome in particular the commitment to working towards a youth experience scheme and to exploring a return to the Erasmus programme.
Will the Minister set out what progress the Government have made on the talks thus far, and will he reassure the young people in my constituency that we will move at pace to deliver?
We have agreed that we will work towards a balanced, capped and time-limited youth experience scheme.
We will also work towards Erasmus+ association on much better financial terms for the UK.
The exact parameters will be subject to negotiation, but we want to move forward as quickly as possible.
I am so pleased that there is cross-party agreement in welcoming a new youth experience scheme.
My young constituents in Bath are unequivocal that they want the UK to join Erasmus+ again, because that gives them the best opportunities for study, training and internships abroad.
Will the Minister reassure my young constituents in Bath that joining Erasmus+ will be one of the highest priorities for the Government as they enter into further negotiations with the EU?
Certainly, there will be great opportunities for young people, both in the youth experience scheme and in associating with Erasmus+.
I too welcome the cross-party consensus—even the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood) , backed the youth experience scheme in the debate a couple of weeks ago.
Today is starting to feel like a bit of a love-in.
Last week, I met a group of constituents who presented me with a petition that demands better access for young people to learn and work in the EU.
I have heard the Minister’s responses to the last questions, but will he reassure those young people in my constituency that there will be opportunities for them to learn and work in the EU in the very near future?
We will see how long the love-in will last.
None the less, the deal provides great opportunities for young people.
As I indicated a moment or two ago, we will work towards establishing a balanced youth experience scheme that is time-limited, capped and subject to visa controls, like the 13 we already have with different countries around the world.
Local businesses across Ashford, Hawkinge and the villages have warmly welcomed the new agreement that this Government have signed with the European Union, telling me that it will make it easier for them to sell their products to our largest trading partner.
Does the Minister agree that to build on that agreement, everything possible should be done to find long-term solutions to current post-Brexit uncertainties, such as  the entry/exit system and the regular deployment of Operation Brock on the M20, to help UK-based businesses further develop trading links with Europe?
My hon.
Friend’s local businesses are in agreement with many others that welcomed the package with the EU.
It cuts red tape and opens up access to the EU market.
On Operation Brock, the deployment is a decision for the Kent and Medway resilience forum, but the Department for Transport and Kent partners are working to keep it and other traffic management measures under review to ensure that they are designed and implemented in the most effective way, through actions such as traffic forecasting, using better data and exploring the use of AI for that purpose.