I again pay tribute to my predecessor as Paymaster General for the work he did in standing up for the victims of this scandal.
He is right to raise the case of his constituent, and about the balance between respecting IBCA’s independence and the levers, assistance and support that Ministers, and I specifically, can offer to IBCA.
I would be more than happy to have a discussion with him about his specific suggestion.
My constituent Phill is one of the 916 people in the special category mechanism who were suddenly and inexplicably excluded from the Government’s infected blood compensation scheme when it was published in February  this year, even though the Government’s expert group had said in August last year that they should be compensated.
Why did the criteria informing the eligibility for the scheme change without explanation, and can the Minister please provide a list of all the conditions included in the core award?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this issue.
Components of the SCM criteria are planned in both the core awards and the supplementary route, and those in receipt of SCM payments can continue to receive those payments under the infected blood support schemes route.
However, as I said in my evidence to the inquiry only a few weeks ago, that is a matter that I will consider further.
What steps he is taking to reform the civil service.
We want to see a civil service that delivers for the public.
The reforms that we are pushing through include greater adoption of technology; relocating civil service jobs around the country, as we have discussed; and, critically, a focus on outcomes in key public service areas, not just the processes that lead to them.
Many of my Chelmsford constituents are civil servants who travel into London most days of the week to perform their jobs.
Last month, a Centre for Economics and Business Research report revealed that the UK may need 92,000 more public workers by 2030 to maintain the same level of output, due to falls in productivity in the sector.
However, the Cabinet Office has refused to comment on reports in recent days that the Government plan to cut the number of civil servants by 10% by the end of the decade, which will have an impact on my Chelmsford constituents.
Will the Minister confirm today whether a 10% cut to civil service headcount is planned and if any of that will take the form of compulsory redundancy?
It is fair to ask for productivity improvements from civil servants on behalf of the taxpayer.
We have had an increase in hiring over the past 10 years.
We do not have a target for a headcount reduction—that was tried under the last Government and did not work—but we do have a target for reduction in admin and overhead spend.
We want to work with civil servants on how that will be done.
I say to the hon.
Lady that when the taxpayer is committing funds to public services, we want to ensure we get maximum productivity in the public sector; we cannot just resign ourselves to lower productivity and the answer always being to hire more people.
How is the Cabinet Office working with the Department of Health and Social Care to bring down waiting lists, not just in Blackpool but across the UK?
My hon.
Friend will know that waiting lists have fallen by around 200,000 since the election.
We set an aim of 2 million extra appointments in the  first year; we have not had 2 million extra appointments but 3 million, and the first year is not yet over.
We are working closely with the Department of Health and Social Care on that.
We know it is just the start: it is a good start, but we have a long way to go to get the health service back to the levels that we want to see.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
In April, we launched the UK Resilience Academy.
We will be undertaking a full national pandemic response exercise that will test the UK’s capabilities, plans, protocols and procedures in the event of another major pandemic.
I have engaged with a wide range of stakeholders to identify the gaps.
As a result, we have developed a new risk vulnerability map to identify areas with high numbers of people who may need more support in a crisis.
After a decade of under-investment in our critical minerals industry, the Conservative Government have left the UK wildly over-reliant on Chinese supply chains.
In order to strengthen our national economic resilience, does the Minister agree that the UK’s industrial strategy must support rapid acceleration of domestic production and processing of critical minerals?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the industrial strategy, which will be published shortly.
It will set out our vision to deliver growth and economic security and resilience.
Alongside that, the Government are working closely with industry to publish a new critical minerals strategy this year, to help secure our supply chain for the long term and drive forward the green industries of the future.
Economic resilience is a key part of our national resilience.
One of the strongest ways in which the Government can have it is to support the delivery of goods and services via British companies in the first instance.
Does the Minister agree?
Can he update the House on what steps the Government are taking to bolster procurement policies so that they put British supply chains first?
This Government are committed to working with and supporting British industries.
That has been at the heart of our plan for delivery, which is why we have worked across and engaged with industries.
Our industrial strategy is key to ensuring that that happens.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since our last oral questions session, the Government have secured a historic agreement with the European  Union that removes a huge amount of cost and bureaucracy from our food and drinks industry, that backs British jobs and that will help British consumers.
I thank the Paymaster General for all his excellent work on securing that agreement.
We have also set out details of how we will reform the state, moving thousands of civil service jobs around the country and launching a new apprenticeship scheme so that young people, wherever they live, have a better chance of good work in the public service.
This week, I uncovered the Government’s shocking decision to designate the Oxford to Cambridge railway line as an England and Wales project.
It is clearly nothing of the sort, and the decision will cost Wales £360 million-worth of funding for our own network.
Will the Minister commit to devolving full rail infrastructure powers to Wales in this Parliament?
I urge the hon.
Member to have a little patience until the spending review in a few days’ time.
We got a taste of it yesterday, with the Chancellor announcing funding for major transport projects around the country.
We are investing in public services not just in England, but right across the United Kingdom.
The hon.
Member will hear a lot more about that in a few days’ time.
Despite the majority of hereditary peers leaving the other place and the limitations post- election on the Opposition’s ability to appoint new peers, the House of Lords will remain disproportionately dominated by Opposition peers.
Why not tweak the Fowler recommendations, set a new limit of 500 and legislate for that in the last year of this Parliament?
When that is blocked, as it will be, why not leave reform of the House of Lords to be an issue at the next general election?