In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, next Thursday there will be a statement from the Business and Trade Committee.
I am glad that the right hon.
Lady has continued the experiment of having Backbench Business debates after Government business, with the Windrush Day debate, which I am sure will be well attended, and indeed the estimates days that have been announced.
Applications are now open, and we will consider them at our meeting on  17 June .
We will give priority to the Departments that were not chosen for the estimate day debates earlier this year.
In addition, the business in Westminster Hall  next week is as follows: on Tuesday there will be the  debate on the United States Agency for International  Development’s pause on funding and its impact on UK international development; on Thursday there will be a debate on legal recognition of humanist marriages, followed by a debate on long-term conditions; on  Tuesday 17 June  there will be a debate on hydrogen-powered aviation; and on  Thursday 19 June  there will be a debate on the role of careers education in improving social mobility, followed by a debate on Down’s syndrome regression disorder.
Over the weekend and earlier this week, we had our first cross-party delegation from India for many years.
It included parliamentarians from all religions, and I know that many MPs and Members of the House of Lords had the opportunity to meet them.
Two things came out of that delegation loudly and clearly: first, that the uneasy truce that exists between India and Pakistan could at any time be violated if further terrorist actions emanate from Pakistan; and secondly, that India is reaching out for support from the west on security and defence measures, and we must assist it.
May we have a statement next week, probably from the Foreign Secretary, on what we in this Parliament will do to support India in its need to quash terrorism?
As ever, I thank the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee for announcing the forthcoming business and arranging for the estimates day applications to be opened up.
I am sorry that he missed our last session before the recess.
Perhaps he was not aware that I congratulated him and said that I hoped he had not had much sleep—I know that he had been out celebrating Tottenham winning some silverware for the first time in quite some time.
That was a very good excuse not to be here.
I was asked at that session about the Backbench Business Committee debate the previous week, and I made it clear that what happened was not of our own making.
It was a challenging situation: we were having to deal with a press conference that was being hosted by the President of the United States and, of course, he was not that interested in the goings-on in Parliament that day, but we were keen to make sure that a statement was brought to the House at the earliest opportunity.
That is definitely not an experience that any of us wants to repeat, if at all possible.