The Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament is unique, made up of Privy Counsellors from both Houses.
However, last month the Committee took the highly unusual step of publicly criticising the Government for their failure to allow the Committee the staff and independence to fulfil its role overseeing the circa £3 billion annual spend, for which “there is no oversight capability.”
The Committee is led by an experienced Labour peer, and it just wants the basics: to have staff who are not totally beholden to the Cabinet Office, so that they can do their job on behalf of Parliament and the country, and to meet the Prime Minister.
The work of our intelligence services has never been more important, given the grey zone that states are acting within at the moment, which must be properly overseen.
I asked a written question about when the Prime Minister would deign to meet the Committee.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office,  the hon.
Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Ms Oppong-Asare) , said that one was being arranged.
Has that now happened?
I also asked written questions about the independence and resources of the Committee and was told that discussions were ongoing.
On a matter of this seriousness, does Parliament not deserve more than fob-off half-answers, and will the Minister provide further details now?
I do not think the shadow Minister listened to my first answer.
For the avoidance of doubt, I said that we have agreed to the Committee’s requested uplift on budgeting and resourcing.
Of course, the Prime Minister will be happy to meet the Committee at a convenient time that both can agree.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of increasing the five-year time limit for civilian gallantry awards.
Civilian gallantry awards rightly recognise the bravery of people who put themselves at risk to save or attempt to save another person’s life.
Honours policy is not the gift of Ministers, as it is overseen by the Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals.
However, long-standing practice over many decades is that the incident must have taken place in the last five years, and the only exception to this is where legal proceedings are ongoing.