Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker I rise today to recognize Terry Bowen as she retires from her role with Gray-Bowen-Scott.
Teresa Bowen has worked tirelessly to bring transportation and development initiatives to life throughout the Bay Area.
She graduated from U.C. Berkeley with a degree in Civil Engineering and began her career with Contra Costa Public Works Department, where she served as a Senior Civil Engineer.
In 1986, Terry joined what is now known as GrayBowen-Scott as the organization's fourth employee.
Throughout her tenure with Gray-Bowen-Scott, she has lent her expertise in local government to help countless clients navigate the system to make their projects a reality.
Terry has fostered relationships with key partners such as Caltrans, the Federal Highway Administration, the California Transportation Commission, and other regional transportation agencies.
She prides herself on the strong relationships she's built with these stakeholders and her work has helped to deliver transportation and land development projects for our community for over forty years.
Additionally, Terry was instrumental in the Sunol Grade Express Lane Project in Alameda County.
Throughout this project, Terry worked closely with environmental groups, advocated for necessary state legislation, and secured funding to help complete the first express lane project in the Bay Area.
Her work on this has set a precedent for how these projects are handled throughout the region.
Terry's approach has demonstrated collaborative, creative problem-solving to address complex transportation issues.
Beyond her work at Gray-Bowen-Scott.
Terry previously served as Chair of the East Bay Leadership Council, where she further demonstrated her commitment to improving quality of life for Bay Area residents and bolstering our region's economy.
Outside of her professional accomplishments, Terry enjoys seeking out new learning opportunities, a good red wine, dancing, and spoiling her four-legged friends.
Terry's work has been critical in shaping our region and her leadership has left an indelible impact on our community.
Please join me in congratulating Terry Bowen on her retirement after decades of dedicated service and wishing her well as she begins this new chapter.