Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Society Daughters of American Revolution (NSDAR), Towamencin Chapter, which is an organization in my district.
The NSDAR was founded in 1890 to promote Historic Preservation, Education, and Patriotism across the United States.
Members seek to honor their heritage as daughters of Patriots who supported the Revolutionary War while making a difference in their communities.
The Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR has collaborated with the William G. Pomeroy Foundation in their initiative to celebrate the semiquincentennial of our Nation in 2026.
This program offers grants to commemorate historical points of interest significant to the Revolutionary War period.
The Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR, along with the assistance of the Hatfield Historical Society and Museum, were grateful that one of the historical sites chosen belonged to Lieutenant Colonel (Lt. Col.)
Jacob Reed, a Patriot from Hatfield, Pennsylvania.
Lt. Col. Jacob Reed was born on July 6, 1730, in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.
He died on November 2, 1820, in New Britain Township, Pennsylvania.
He married Magdalena Leidy and had 9 children together.
Jacob Reed came from a very patriotic family with his father paying the Supply Tax in 1781 in Hatfield Township and all his brothers and brothers-in-law participating in the Revolutionary War.
Two of his sons also fought in the Revolutionary War.
Lt. Col. Jacob Reed resided in Hatfield from 1770 to 1793, having secured a 215-acre land warrant from the sons.
His original log home, built in the 18th century, still stands today as part of the current farmhouse on the property.
A respected farmer, church elder, and public servant, Jacob Reed's legacy is deeply embedded in the fabric of Hatfield's history.
During the Revolutionary War, he served as Lieutenant Colonel of the 1st Battalion, Philadelphia County Militia, making him the highest-ranking military officer from Hatfield at the time.
He played critical roles in the Battles of Germantown and Brandywine, and was later elected Major of the 5th Battalion, Pennsylvania Troops, continuing his service until the war's end.
His unwavering faith in the American cause had brought attacks on Reed's life and home.
Yet, Jacob Reed never swayed.
Reed's intimate knowledge of the region's terrain and demographics proved to secure him as an invaluable asset to General George Washington.
Additionally, the Forst family who are members of our district, were instrumental in saving this property from development.
Bill Forst bought the property and then used his own funds and time to restore the property to what it is today.
The property has now passed to his daughters, Wendy Forst Ferrell and Fay Forst Younger, who allowed the Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR to install the marker on their property as well as hold a dedication ceremony recognizing the contributions.
Col. Jacob Reed and his willingness to fight for his beliefs.
Through these acts of endless patriotism and dedication, the Forst family, Daughters of the Revolution, Towamencin Chapter, William G. Pomeroy Foundation, and the Hatfield Historical Society demonstrated their unwavering commitment to serving the Pennsylvania's 1st Congressional District community.