10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs
Business meeting to consider the nomination of Stephen Miran, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine evaluating perspectives on deposit insurance reform.
SD-538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Science, Manufacturing, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine America's AI action plan.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine a discussion draft of the Wildfire Emissions Prevention Act, and S. 881, to amend the Clean Air Act to include fuel for ocean-going vessels as additional renewable fuel for which credits may be generated under the renewable fuel program.
SD-562 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan Greenstein, of New York, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Donald Korb, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury.
SD-215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Disaster Management, District of Columbia, and Census To hold hearings to examine America's fire apparatus crisis.
SD-342 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomination of William Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine Federal programs at the Department.
SD-628 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration.
SR-428A Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine Georgia's anti-American turn.
2358C-RHOB 3 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine a pending nomination.
SR-418