Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce a resolution recognizing ``Medical Research Week'' from September 16 through September 20, 2024.
This important resolution recognizes the important breakthroughs of medical research improving health outcomes for patients and communities, securing global competitiveness in science, boosting job creation, educating the next generation of scientists, and strengthening economic growth.
Medical research through the support of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), continues to serve a vital role advancing health and medicine.
This research can lead cutting edge preventative strategies for treatments and additional cures for longstanding medical challenges such as cancer, Alzheimer's, heart disease, sickle cell, and obesity.
I have met with Hoosier families that are struggling with these rare diseases, and I have been moved by the impact that medical research has on their lives.
These insights have inspired me and my colleagues about the necessity of medical research to provide more treatment options and better diagnoses for all Americans.
NIH research funding generates nearly $93 billion in economic activity and continues to support more than 400,000 jobs across the United States.
Medical research is not only focused on improving the health of all Americans, but it is also as an economic driver for growth and job opportunities.
NIH work ripples far beyond its headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland, into every state.
It drives demand for medical supplies and research equipment, boosts local and regional economics to benefit manufactures and suppliers across the country, and into many United States territories.
I'm proud to represent Indiana's 7th Congressional District which has become a healthcare and innovation hub in America.
In my home state of Indiana the NIH awarded $414 million dollars in grants and contracts during FY23 that directly supports 5,359 jobs for Hoosiers and over 1.1 billion dollars of economic activity.
In my district alone the NIH has contributed $264 million dollars in grants to 9 different research sites in 2023; including Indiana University, Purdue University, Butler University, Marian University, the Regenstreif Institute, and others.
NIH supported medical research plays a primary role in several sectors.
The NIH supports noncommercial and clinical research with private sector innovation, allowing for major achievements in rare diseases such as ALS, substance use disorders, stroke, and Parkinson's.
During my service in Congress, I have consistently advocated for more resources to expand medical research that promotes better screening tools for underserved and under-studied populations, and that is more inclusive of diverse participants in clinical trials.
Congressional action has helped improve medical research through the NIH, CDC and DOD's pancreatic cancer research program, supported in part by the bipartisan appropriations letters I lead each year to increase overall funding and increasing funding for the Veterans Medical and Prosthetic Research Program.
I urge all my colleagues to join me in these appropriations requests and oppose the short-sighted budget cuts some have proposed.
Imagine what we could accomplish with more robust investments in medical research in our nation, from making strides to combatting antimicrobial resistance, to harnessing the power of personalized medicine to treat disease, and more.
These critical breakthroughs in medical research are our nation's best hope in finding cures, prevention measures, and treatments for diseases affecting millions.