I entirely agree.
Given the tragedy that they had experienced, it would have been possible for Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis to simply collapse, but they did not.
They decided that they were going to do something positive, so they set up a charity.
The enthusiasm and strength of determination that that couple bring to this situation is something to be seen, and I certainly pay tribute to them.
My right hon.
Friend the Member for Charnwood responded to the debate by explaining that we were working on achieving better long-term plans for the early diagnosis of cancer, including rarer cancers, and on trying to prevent what had happened to Jessica from happening again.
Hertfordshire’s hospital trusts are working extremely hard on that.
The Government’s aim is for  three quarters of cancers to be diagnosed at stage 1 or 2, which would enable an additional 55,000 people to survive cancer for five years longer than they do now.
As well as new hospitals, we need to see that improvement in diagnosis, which is already taking place in the rapid diagnostic centres and services that the new integrated care boards have been pressing for.
There are currently 102 live rapid diagnostic centre pathways.
In addition, East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust, informed by experiences such as Jessica’s but also bearing in mind what has happened in the case of Hugh, is working on a much more co-ordinated multi-disciplinary approach.
What this shows is that we are at the start of a new era, with better hospital services and an understanding of the need to prioritise cancer not just in the elderly but in the young, and in respect of not just the best-known cancers but the rare ones.
I pay tribute to the work of the all-party parliamentary group on cancer, which I support.
The aspect of the Bill raised by my constituent is the financial impact on parents of having to spend months in hospitals supporting sick young children.
My constituent is self-employed, and it cost him a lot to put his child first, but he was able to manage, not only because of his strong personal finances but because of the support of his family in keeping his business going.
However, he feared for others who were less fortunate and found themselves in the same position.
He gave me examples of people his charity is helping—people who were losing their livelihoods to support their children in hospital.
As I have said, I have raised the financial issue with Ministers in the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department of Health and Social Care, and I have been pointed to some limited help for parents such as leave entitlements, often unpaid, and bereavement leave, as well as universal credit, under which if income goes down the benefit goes up.
Parents who have worked for the same employer for at least a year are entitled to 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave, and there may be help from disability and carers’ benefits after a period.
In this Bill, I ask for a report to be made to Parliament by the Secretary of State on the merits of providing financial support to the parents of children receiving care in hospital for extended periods.
I am asking for an assessment of current policies and the likely effect of some additional support on both parents and children, and I am asking the Government to consult parents, healthcare professionals, charities and others offering support.
Although It’s Never You is the focus of what Ceri and Frances are doing, I have also heard from other charities, such as Together for Short Lives, which talks about the huge financial strain on families of having a child in hospital, and Young Lives vs Cancer.
That charity wanted me to raise one particular issue: the NHS does offer a healthcare travel cost support scheme, but apparently the operation of that scheme is not very helpful.
It is ponderous and does not deliver the money quickly enough.
Perhaps that is something the report could look into.
I hope it will also be possible for a meeting to take place between the Minister and Mr and Mrs Menai-Davis, so that they can explain what they hope to get from the process.
The Bill would not cost a great deal, as there are so few cases, but it would mean that in tragic circumstances all parents could concentrate on helping  their children rather than worrying about money.
In a way, the Bill is also about Ceri Menai-Davis and his wife Frances being able to help other parents who find themselves in the situation they found themselves in.
The report is likely to touch on some of the other issues that families have taken up with Ministers and that I have raised in my remarks, and I hope it will inform a holistic approach to improving care for young cancer patients and their parents.
It would be a legacy for Hugh—we could call it “Hugh’s report”.
Mr Deputy Speaker (Sir Roger Gale): I call the Opposition Front Bencher.
Vicky Foxcroft (Lewisham, Deptford) (Lab): I congratulate  the right hon.
and learned Member for North East Hertfordshire (Sir Oliver Heald)  on putting forward such articulate arguments.
I hope he will not mistake my brevity for not being absolutely serious, but I am certain that he wants to hear from the Minister, as do the families in the Gallery.
As such, I will leave my remarks there—I am happy to share the notes that I had prepared if the right hon.
and learned Member would like them.
Labour will support the Bill.