The Minister for Employment (Jo Churchill): I thank  the hon.
Member for Lewisham, Deptford (Vicky Foxcroft) , and thank and congratulate my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for North East Hertfordshire (Sir Oliver Heald)  for bringing this important issue to the Floor of the House.
I know, as he has explained today and in previous conversations with me, that when Ceri and Frances contacted him after the tragic loss of their son Hugh to a rare cancer at the tender age of six, he was motivated to see how he could help to ensure that parents are supported at such a difficult time.
I know that I speak for everyone in this place when I say that our hearts go out to them.
I was moved when I read my right hon.
and learned Friend’s speech from last September, and again today.
I understood personally the disbelief behind the words of Frances and the name she has given to their charity to help parents of very ill children who are in hospital for extended periods: It’s Never You.
The challenge is that sometimes it is.
The purpose behind the Bill is to enable research and produce a report on both the emotional and tangible support that is available and that which is needed—like the support that the charity is giving, but looking at things in a more joined-up way to work better and more effectively for parents during such difficult times.
I stand here as somebody who has had cancer more than once.
You do not choose it: it chooses you.
As Ceri and Frances know, your world is turned upside down.
Your days are driven by medical appointments and the need to have questions answered, juggling life’s issues alongside wanting to do anything to try to protect your child and make the pain go away.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has spoken to me about Ceri and Frances’s motivation to do something for parents who have also travelled the journey of their child having an extended period in hospital, and some of the financial, emotional and physical worries that that brings.
I wish to take a moment to lay out what support is available, but I will do so rapidly because my right hon.
and learned Friend went over it.
There is help to deal with some of the financial worries.
The disabled child addition is available to low-income families on universal credit who are entitled to qualifying disability benefits such as the child disability living allowance.
A parent of a child who qualifies for that support can also claim carer’s allowance as a result of their additional responsibilities if they and their partner are providing at least 35 hours of care each week.
Additional support is available to families on universal credit who may need further help.
For families sadly affected by bereavement, there are funds in England and Scotland to help with funeral expenses.
For people on universal credit, an open discussion with their supporting work coach allows for health and caring responsibilities to be accounted for and enables access to support.
I noted that Ceri has worked with Addenbrooke’s Hospital to share his and Frances’s experience to inform the team as they plan the new children’s hospital.
I know that the hospital has been keen to ensure that families and patients feed in their experience alongside clinicians.
That is a pioneering world-first model of care that looks to treat the whole child—both their physical and emotional needs—as well as providing paediatric genomic medicine.
Behind every young patient, wherever they are treated right across the country, is a family.
I recognise how difficult it is to navigate the practical and emotional challenges.
That is why It’s Never You and charities like it make a huge difference and play a pivotal role in supporting families, and I thank them all for their work.
I reiterate the words of the my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) : parents’ voices are so important.
I hope that I have the House’s support, having already spoken to the Minister for Health and Secondary Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pendle (Andrew Stephenson)  to ensure that we can work closely.
He has assured me that he stands ready to look at what can be done and to support us in ensuring that the right conversations are held.
I know that it is charities such as It’s Never You that most often help parents to access practical support and connect with other families who are going through comparable experiences, gain moral support and love from each other, and share ways to overcome issues and stop the pain of thinking that they are the only ones.
I know that nothing stops the lying awake at night, watching the clock tick through the hours and hoping for miracles, but we want to help families who are going through such difficult times.
I commit from the Dispatch Box to working closely with my right hon.
and learned Friend the Member for North East Hertfordshire on this important issue.
In particular, we are committing to establishing a stakeholder forum to consult parents whose children have received care in hospital for an extended period, and with healthcare professionals, charities, civil society and organisations that offer related support.
We want to hear about people’s experiences, understand their concerns and listen to ideas and suggestions, and then develop a set of potential proposals based on the feedback.
I suggest that a meeting with my office be arranged at the earliest opportunity so that Ceri and Frances’s knowledge can help to drive and determine who will be key to that consultation.
I will personally ensure that the forum is established in a timely manner and that it progresses quicker than a legislative route would allow.
To that end, I suggest to my right hon.
and learned Friend that he withdraws the Bill, that we begin discussions now, and, in Ceri’s words, that there is purpose to the pain.
Mr Deputy Speaker (Sir Roger Gale): With the leave of the House, I call Sir Oliver Heald to wind up.
Sir Oliver Heald: I am delighted by the response, which basically gives me what I asked for in the Bill.
Of course, if the Bill went through all stages in this House and the Lords, it would take many months before we could start the process.
I think my hon.
Friend the Minister said that she hopes to meet the six-month period for the report at the end.
On that basis, I am delighted go forward with her proposal, which short-circuits the process.
I beg to ask leave to withdraw the motion.
Motion and Bill, by leave, withdrawn.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 23 February .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 January .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 1 March .
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Joy Morrissey.)
Stella Creasy (Walthamstow) (Lab/Co-op): The Government intend to introduce a charge of £40 a time to import things from the EU into the UK from April.
That might come as a surprise to many businesses, because they do not know about it, and most of our constituents likely do not.
I think that is because the Government are not even sure that they want to do it.
Today, I hope to get some answers about the border operating model on behalf of all those who will pay the price if it actually happens—namely, the British public.
Brexit is the gift that keeps giving.
Like contracting recurrent food poisoning, we think we have seen the worst of it only to feel that sick feeling in our stomach again.
Pints of wine and blue passports cannot make up for the inflationary impact of this latest dose of extra paperwork and delay.
For the avoidance of doubt, we have left the European Union.
The Government cannot make Brexit work, and it is causing problems to millions of people every day.
I am not standing here advocating that we ask to rejoin, either.
Frankly, with all the problems we are facing for businesses and jobs because of it, we do not have time for such treaty negotiations.
This debate is about what this Government are doing now to manage our borders, and the very real consequences of their decisions for food security and the cost and nutrition of food.
Currently, the UK imports around 46% of our food—we are self-sufficient for 54%.
Our trade with other countries is the reason why we have food to eat and are not all just eating turnips and cabbages, delicious though those home-grown delicacies are.
In 2021, we imported £10 billion-worth of fruit and vegetables from the EU, £6 billion-worth of drinks and the same amount of meat.
The EU accounts for 90% of all the dairy, beef, egg and pork products coming to the UK, and nearly two thirds of all food and feed not of animal origin.
Some 40% of that is from just four countries: the Netherlands, Ireland, Germany and France.
It is little wonder that Brexit has already hit our food prices and supply.
Research from the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics shows that.
We all saw the empty shelves and rationing, and businesses are clear that it is Brexit, not Ukraine and the energy crisis, that is pushing up the prices of production and causing all those problems.
That is all before we even get to the new import controls.
It is a combination of higher transport costs, supply chain designs, customs complexity and reduced volumes.
Whatever we do at the border will be critical to the nation’s capacity to eat more than porridge, given that oats are one of the few things for which we produce 100% of what we consume.
Let us not pretend that other countries can pick up the slack for us.
Although the Government are negotiating free trade agreements with six other countries and have two agreed, these will not be able to replace the food we import from the EU.
And if we care about animal welfare, we should want to work with the EU because it still has equivalent animal welfare standards, contrary to Australia and New Zealand, from which food can now be imported, tariff free, without any equivalence to  our welfare standards.
Frankly, geography matters, which is why adding more friction to the process will lead not only to shortages and delays but to inflation and costs for everyone.
Under this Tory hard Brexit, we left the EU customs union, the single market and the VAT area, and we have been threatening our own customs controls ever since.
Understandably, businesses have been driven mad by the fact that those controls have been postponed five times.
In the meantime, we have all been stuck with the bill at the checkouts.
The white elephants of Brexit stand empty at our expense, as the Government have spent more than £700 million on border facilities and jobs.
Sevington in Kent cost £154 million, including £70 million on the border control post infrastructure alone, and £25 million has been spent on Portsmouth, £12 million on Holyhead and £3 million on North Weald.
I am sure those communities would rather use the money for something else.
In theory, all of that will finally change this year.
In just 12 days’ time, if businesses want to import pork, beef, reindeer, camel, frogs’ legs, cream, yoghurt, flour, beeswax—but not honey—or animal paws, they will need a health certificate.
That all means finding a vet who will sign the health check.
Ministers have told me that more than half of the expected £330 million annual cost of the scheme to businesses will come from these certificates, but they have also said that it is not as bad as the more onerous tracking system they previously suggested, which would have cost businesses £520 million a year.
Frankly, that is like me telling my kids that they should be grateful that I have let them keep the bell on their Lindt bunny because I was originally going to take that too, along with all the chocolate.
Health certificates are one thing, but the Government have also been consulting on introducing a charge to cover the cost of the scheme—the so-called common user charge.
That is planned for April, just 100 days away.
The consultation says the charge could be £43, but it might be less or more.
It would be helpful for British businesses to know whether it is coming in at all in 100 days’ time, as well as knowing what the charge will be.
The charge is intended to apply to each consignment, whether it is one leg of lamb or a van full of reindeer and frogs’ legs.
As 65% of lorries coming into this country carry multiple consignments, known as groupage, it is clear how expensive this way of applying the charge will be.
The Government have therefore chosen to fund the new border by imposing fees directly on businesses that import.
The pledge that Brexit would be a bonfire of regulation turned into a smouldering pile of paperwork that will kill imports for small businesses.
It does not have to be that way.
A veterinary deal with Europe could remove the requirement for export health certificates.
Joining the pan-European Mediterranean convention, which is wider than the EU and includes Israel and north African countries, would also help, as businesses could make use of the EU hubs where products from outside are often consolidated.
Frankly, even if businesses pay, there is no guarantee that they will get a service.
The Government are planning to check just 30% of imports.
Just when I thought it could not get any more complicated, in 286 days’ time  they want to introduce safety and security declarations for all EU imports.
These will be required even if the pallets coming in on a truck are empty.
It relies on the single trade window process not being a total disaster, yet at present businesses have no idea whether the technology is working.
Of course, all of this is different for businesses trading from Northern Ireland.
Those “not for EU” stickers, which will help to protect the border with the EU and Ireland, reflect the lunacy of all those people who tried to argue that technology could prevent trade barriers.
In a situation where we are the smaller market, it is not hard to see that, when companies trading in multiple nations are faced with such policies, they will move away from doing business with us, focusing instead on less complicated markets.
Between 1999 and 2000, the EU accounted for 50% to 55% of UK exports.
By 2022, that had already fallen to 42%.
Traders in Belgium have already publicly said that they are not going to spend any more time trying to figure out what the Government are up to.
They say that they have been marched up the hill too many times, only for the scheme to be delayed at the last minute.
They say that they are willing to risk friction rather than the paperwork.
The Institute of Export and International Trade points out that more than 20 different measures on imports will come into force between the end of last September and the end of this year.
The freight representatives point out that the lorry drivers need to go through the same entry and exit systems, and will be in the queues behind the schoolkids and the holidaymakers under- going checks.
They will be stuck behind those school coaches, with all the knock-on effects for the picking up and transportation of imported consignments.
The representatives say they estimate that would create around 70 miles of freight traffic, turning Dover into a literal lorry park.
Little wonder that Nichola Mallon, Logistics UK’s head of trade policy, says that businesses have still not been given all of the detail and guidance they need to plan and prepare and that there is a high risk of delays, traffic congestion, higher prices and reduced choice for consumers.
We all understand the need for checks to stop things such as African swine flu, but given that this country has not even signed up to be part of the shared biosecurity alerts, it is clear that there are other things we could do to help tackle that.
Those charged with running the service certainly have their doubts.
Health inspectors at Dover have had a 70% cut to their funding to do any of the work to try to stop infections reaching our shores in the first place.
Those in Dover would know about all this, because they are in the frontline.
Goodness knows what is happening in the west coast ports, which are operating to a different timetable.
That will open up further loopholes and complications with ports such as Holyhead, Pembroke and Fishguard, which are the land bridge to Ireland, also facing confusion.
I have a series of questions for the Minister, and I hope that she will take interventions when she responds so that we can get to the bottom of this.
First and foremost, can the Minister actually confirm whether any checks will be made to lorries on our borders in 12 days’ time to see whether the goods in them have environmental health certificates?
What work is her  Government doing to ensure that there are enough vets in Europe to provide the certificates?
Can she confirm whether they even exist?
If there are not going to be checks on lorries in 12 days’ time, as she has previously told businesses, when will the health certificate checks come in?
What will happen to a lorry that does not have one?
Can she confirm that the opening hours for the border control posts match the just-in-time supply chains, so that we do not see lorries of rotting foods sitting in our ports waiting to be checked?
When will the common user charge be applied and what will it be?
If it is common, it should be uniform, so can she tell businesses here and now whether it is happening and what it will be per consignment, or whether it will take account of groupage?
The Government said in December that they would provide this information and businesses are still waiting.
Will the Minister confirm what the common user charge will cover?
Is it in addition to all the other charges from the Port Health Authority and the Animal and Plant Health Agency, and does it cover customs fees?
If the checks are not going to be made, when will they be made?
What will she do about traffic management in Kent?
Currently, there are 40 inspectors in the port of Dover.
How many has her Department assessed are needed, and why are only 30% of them being checked, if this is about biosecurity?
What will they do if a lorry goes to the wrong port, or tries to shop around?
Does she expect different border control ports to charge the same fees for their services, or will they set their own?
How will she stop those lorries from trying to game the system?
Can the Minister tell us about the status of the single trade window project, and whether Fujitsu is involved in its delivery at all?
The Government have admitted that this will cause inflation, but they are trying to claim it is going to be just 0.2% over three years.
In their response to me, they said that “will depend greatly on how businesses adapt their business models and supply chains to integrate the new controls regimes”, putting the pressure on business to pay for the Government’s scheme.
Will the Minister clarify what the variation might be if businesses do not do that, and what has been calculated into inflation, if they cannot get to grips with the Government’s new system?
What impact is her Department predicting that the situation will have on food prices in that first year—not over three years, but in the first year?
Why will this Government not come clean on the data sources they are using to make those calculations?
What commercial confidentiality behind calculating inflation and the impact of the policies possibly trumps the public’s right to know how expensive it will be to put food on the table?
No doubt the Minister will say that an outbreak of foot and mouth disease would cost business more than this scheme, but will she set out the cost of the administration of this project, separately from the health checks that the Government have calculated?
Can she clarify the timetable for the introduction of the west coast port charges and what the difference in the regime will be?
Will she explain why the Government have not negotiated a veterinary deal?
Are they even looking at the pan-Euro-Mediterranean convention to try to solve these problems without giving businesses all this extra  paperwork?
Above all, what is she doing to warn the public about the potential impact on their food supply and costs?
Or is she prepared to say here and now, on the record, that there will be no delay in food provision, no shortages and no increase in prices?
Nobody wants to eat meat that has been sitting in the docks or beeswax that is off, even if it had a health certificate when it started its journey.
Because of what is happening, the UK has already dropped from fourth in the World Bank logistics performance index to joint 19th.
The main challenges result from border friction, which is contributing to the decline in just-in-time supply chains and efficient customs.
It does not take a rocket scientist to work out that this scheme will clearly make things harder for British business.
No wonder it has been delayed five times.
With so many people struggling with the cost of living crisis, surely the best thing is to think again.
The scheme will make things harder for British business; at worst, it will be a nightmare.
I ask the Minister: will she give people some relief and say that it is off again?
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
It was a privilege to come out at the top of the private Member’s Bill ballot for this parliamentary Session.
It is a ballot I have entered at every opportunity since I was first elected in 2010, so it was great to be drawn, but to be drawn first is a huge responsibility.
I was on my way to get the train to my constituency in Sunderland, and when I got off the tube at King’s Cross, my phone had dozens of messages.
My immediate reaction was that the Government must have called a general election, but no—that is something else we can look forward to in the year ahead.
I had, in fact, been drawn at the top of the ballot.
I am delighted to be here in the Chamber to present a Bill that will make important and long-awaited amendments to the Building Societies Act 1986.
It is a Bill that the sector wants; a Bill that is true to Labour and Co-operative values; and, importantly, a Bill that has received Government support.
Although it will not solve all of the issues in the broken housing market, it could free up and make available more money to lend in mortgages, and because building societies lend more in percentage terms to first-time buyers, it should enable more first-time buyers to get on to the housing ladder.
Clearly, there also needs to be wholesale reform of the rental market, in order to address the housing crisis that we have in this country today.
I must take this opportunity to thank everyone who contacted me about issues and with proposals for potential Bills.
I would have happily taken many of them forward, but I could choose only one Bill.
However, I feel that the Bill I have chosen can make a real difference to people’s lives, especially young people’s lives.
I hope it will support first-time buyers and more community-based banking, in the interests of working people.
The entire point of building societies was to compete with banks on a truly level playing field—they were founded to enable working people to own their own home.
That is why this Bill is so important.
As my hon.
Friend says, it will expand that ownership, particularly to young people and first-time buyers.
Does she agree that not only should we absolutely be doing this, but it should already have been done?
I absolutely agree, but the bureaucracy of Government sometimes gets in the way of things happening.
The Bill will help level the playing field, enabling building societies to compete more fairly with banks.
It will support them to lend more money in a safe and secure way.
Over half of building society lending—55%—goes to first-time buyers.
Crucially, as the building society sector directs a greater proportion of lending to first-time buyers than banks do—there is a theme here—that will benefit more people looking to get on to the housing ladder.
Modernisation of building society legislation is long overdue.
There are some archaic requirements about the way building societies fund themselves that put them at a competitive disadvantage compared with banks.
Competition in banking is good for consumers, and given that building societies drive innovation, particularly in supporting first-time buyers, strengthening the sector is a great route to supporting aspiration across the UK at the same time as supporting a sector that works co-operatively and mutually.
Building societies work for the benefit of their members up and down the country, engaging in a system of co-operative banking for mutual benefit, not for profit.
We are lucky to have three building societies in my Sunderland Central constituency:
Newcastle, Yorkshire and Nationwide building societies all have branches in Sunderland, so I see at first hand the excellent support they give to members.
It is incredibly important to my constituents to have a branch that they can visit to talk through any financial issues and receive the support they need face to face.
I see the work of building societies as both a strong British tradition and a strong Labour tradition.
I am delighted to have the support of the Co-operative party and the Building Societies Association, which represent both traditions.
The first form of a building society was in 1775, when Richard Ketley brought people together in a pub—in what is now the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham, Ladywood (Shabana Mahmood)  —to put money into a shared fund, collecting regular subscriptions until there were sufficient funds to be able to provide a house for one of them.
They drew names, very much like the drawing of names for a private Member’s Bill, to decide which member would be the next beneficiary; this continued until all members of the group had a house.
The arrangement required trust, hope and a commitment by the community that no one would be left behind.
At that time, most building societies were created as terminating societies, which meant that the building society terminated trade once all its members were housed, so many were created, housed their members and then disappeared.
That practice continued until 1980.
By 1825—50 years after the first building society was created—over 250 terminating building societies were in operation, although it took until 1845 for the first non-termination society to be formed: the Metropolitan Equitable.
In 1836, the first legislation dealing with the industry was introduced, recognising building societies for the first time in this House through the Regulation of Benefit Building Societies Act.
The legislation, along with previous court cases, led to the formal recognition of the rights of building societies as entities, resulting in a boom in the sector.
By 1860, the number of building  societies had risen to almost 3,000.
In 1874, the Building Societies Act was passed—an historic precursor to the Building Societies Act 1986, which I hope to amend through my Bill.
The history of building societies has played an important role in the history of working people supporting each other in their mutual ambition of owning their own home, and in financial institutions serving the communities they represent.
It is a trend that is even more prevalent today; as banks shut branches at an alarming rate, building societies are gradually taking a bigger share of branches in the community that remain open.
Building societies now account for 28% of all high street branches in the UK, as opposed to only 14% 10 years ago.
Although this may be caused by the closure of bank branches in the main, it shows a commitment to keep branches open by building societies, on which so many of my constituents rely.
That face-to-face engagement, personal support and visibility is so important to many people.
Branches are so much more accessible to those who have specific needs, especially in the digital age, where those with internet access often have the best opportunities and access to the best deals.
The original purpose of building societies embodies the famous phrase in clause 4 of the Labour party’s constitution, that “by the strength of our common endeavour we achieve more than we achieve alone”, with communities coming together to support each other and provide a strong and secure economic foundation for their collective futures.
Families in Sunderland and across the country are struggling to find a secure home.
Research by the Resolution Foundation shows that 80% of 25 to 34-year-olds would prefer to buy their own home than to rent.
Home ownership is something many strive for, to provide financial security and ultimately to turn a house into a home.
My Bill aims to support them in doing just that.
As I have said, it is quite clear that there is a housing crisis in this country, for homeowners and renters.
We must at this point consider the damage done by the previous Prime Minister and her Chancellor, and the economic damage caused by her Government to the country, especially people with mortgages.
I believe we also need reform in the rental sector to sort this out.
The system is broken and is not working for people.
The Bill will go some way towards making the housing ownership landscape easier for all.
I support the Bill, as I hope do Members across all parties.
It is good to see something that will, hopefully, strengthen the principle of mutuality.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that is an important principle to retain, and is she confident that her Bill will do that?
Will it lead to a situation in which there is less desire among building societies to become banks?
I agree.
Building societies were certainly part of my life when I was growing up.
I got my first mortgage with a building society—a very long time ago, because I am getting old.
The principle of mutuality is really important and does set building societies apart from banks.
They are a very different model and serve communities in a much closer way than banks do.
By introducing welcome flexibility to a sector that does so much for first-time buyers and others, the Bill, although it does not directly provide provision for the building of homes or assure the retail customer of any extended product lines, does provide more room for the sector to work in, given that its use of finance is different from that of banks as it lends significant amounts of money to first-time buyers.
The building society sector is made up of 42 separate building societies and currently has almost 26 million members.
It holds over £352 billion of mortgage assets and £313 billion of savings from individuals.
It is not a small sector, but it is a sector that can grow.
Building societies face significant challenges.
The Bill has the potential to unlock billions of pounds in additional lending capacity for them.
It is estimated that for every £10 billion of new lending capacity, the sector could support an additional 20,000 mortgages.
As we know, over half of building society lending goes to first-time buyers, so the potential impact of the Bill is huge.
Since 2020, building societies in the north-east and Cumbria have lent £3.4 billion to first-time buyers.
In the first nine months of last year, they supported nearly 4,000 first-time buyers—4,000 people who last year started their journey of home ownership, with all the financial security and benefits that brings.
Increasing lending capacity is incredibly important in supporting hard-working people.
It is essential to the UK’s future prosperity and desperately needed for economic growth.
I want briefly to run through the four clauses of the Bill and the impact the changes will have.
It is not a standalone Bill; it amends the Building Societies Act 1986 by inserting new provisions.
Clause 1 deals with funds that can be disregarded by a building society for the purpose of calculating its wholesale funding limit.
The 1986 Act currently requires them to obtain at least 50% of funding from their members—from individual member deposits.
The retention of this 50% minimum requirement ensures that the members remain the primary owners of building societies; it is what makes the sector so unique.
The other 50% can come from external sources.
This balance will not be changed, but there is a need to modernise the rules governing the sector in order for building societies to compete with banks on a level playing field.
The Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority engaged with the sector on this issue in 2021.
The conclusion of the Government’s consultation recommended the exclusion of some sources of funding from building societies’ wholesale funding limit calculations, as well as the modernisation elements that come later in the Bill.
The recommendations were never implemented, which is why the Bill is needed.
Clause 1 will disregard the following from the 50% wholesale funding limit:
Bank of England liquidity insurance facilities, debt instruments raised to meet the minimum regulatory requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities requirements, and sums received under sale and repurchase agreements, with a view to complying with Prudential Regulation Authority rules.
These changes will not dilute the unique ownership model under which building societies operate.
They will not increase the financial risk to the sector, because these liquidity insurance facilities, the debt instruments and the sale and repurchase agreement sums will be effective tools at a time of national economic crisis to  ensure that building societies remain comfortably solvent and active in the interests of their members.
These changes will help to future-proof building societies from external factors, economic shocks or periods of financial stress.
The specified facilities and so on will be described in a statutory instrument laid by the Government of the day, which will provide additional detail to allow the funding disregards broadly described in subsection (2) to be activated.
The Bill is designed so that any Government at any given time can react to the needs of the building society sector, the Bank of England and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Enabling such changes in regulation to be made by means of secondary legislation will make the sector much more sustainable and able to react to changes in circumstance.
The changes presented in the Bill formed part of the Edinburgh reforms.
All the responses to the Government consultation were in support of these changes.
Prudent lending is crucial to the UK’s economic growth.
Making this change will make building societies safe, more secure, and competitive in the long term, without affecting their status as mutuals.
Clause 2 is about modernisation.
It amends the 1986 Act to explicitly allow the option of real-time virtual member participation in building society meetings.
The change presented in the Bill aligns the sector with modernisations made to company law by section 360A of the Companies Act 2006.
It will allow virtual attendance and voting as part of hybrid meetings, making it clear that nothing in the 1986 Act precludes this.
Allowing hybrid meetings will improve accessibility and will hopefully allow engagement from members who cannot currently travel to meetings, enabling a broader cross-section of members to participate.
Clause 3 is another modernising clause.
In simple terms, it will enable the Treasury to introduce increased flexibility for societies in relation to common seals and the execution of documents, in line with companies.
It reserves to the Treasury the right to make provision by regulations in future, upon which further consultation in the sector would be usual.
Finally, clause IV defines the territorial extent of the Bill, which covers all four nations, and specifies that the Bill “comes into force at the end of the period of two months beginning with the day on which it is passed”— the standard period set out in legislation.
The Bill has no implications for public funds, as the impact assessment shows, and does not contain any provisions that will require a money resolution or a Ways and Means resolution.
Ultimately, the Bill does a lot of things in a succinct way.
It will enable the modernisation of the building society sector and brings it up to date; it will put the sector on a more level playing field with banks; and it will potentially allow them more scope for supporting their members or future members.
The Bill has overwhelming support from the sector, including from the Building Societies Association, the representative body of the sector, and its members.
The BSA was founded in 1869 and is now the voice of the sector, representing 42 building societies and seven credit unions, and serving 27 million members up and down the UK.
The sector has helped 3.5 million people to buy a home with mortgages totalling over £375 billion.
That accounts for 23% of total outstanding mortgage balances in the UK.
The building societies that the BSA represents account for 19% of cash savings in the UK, and 40% of all cash ISA balances.
Across the country, the sector employs 51,500 people, both full-time and part-time, working in around 1,300 branches in the UK.
The BSA contributed greatly to the consultation process in 2021, and I am proud that it supports the Bill.
I also wish to thank His Majesty’s Treasury for the support it gave me in preparing for today’s Second Reading.
The Bill will make building societies lend on a similar basis to banks, freeing up more money to help more working people in the UK.
It has the potential to unlock billions of pounds of additional lending capacity at a time when so many people need it.
I commend it to the House.
It is a huge pleasure able to join Friday business as a Back Bencher and to support this important Bill on behalf of my Mid Norfolk constituents.
Let me start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on introducing the Bill and on winning that prized first place in the ballot, so that she can make a difference with the Bill.
I thank the Government for working with her and all of us who have supported her on the Bill.
This is a good example of cross-party work, and of the Government working with Back Benchers in the interests of our constituents and the shared and mutual interests of the citizens of this country.
I only wish more people around the country were able to see the quality of the work going on in the House on days like this.
I want, particularly, to highlight the importance of the Bill for rural areas such as mine.
The hon.
Lady represents the magnificently urban constituency of Sunderland Central, but I represent a magnificently the rural constituency of Mid Norfolk—114 villages and five towns.
As I candidate, I rashly promised to cycle the border one Saturday morning, but then discovered it was 94 miles long.
It took me rather more than one Saturday morning.
Much of this country is rural, up north as well as down south and in the south west.
I want to focus on the importance of the Bill and building societies in rural areas and on our town high streets in providing cash facilities, and supporting first time-buyers and pensioners with cash.
In Dereham recently, I saw Nationwide packed, with queues outside of pensioners moving from the bank, which is closing, to support Nationwide, as Nationwide supports them.
In my part of the country we have a huge number of retired folk who want cash—they do not all want to be totally digital.
They value and need that interaction with a living and breathing human being when they go to save or take out cash.
Nationwide Building Society is doing great work to support them.
I am really keen to support the Bill, as the hon.
Lady knows, largely because of that particular rural need.
I should declare that I am a member of three building societies, and until recently I had a mortgage with Nationwide.
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of building societies in rural communities.
I think of local  examples such as Suffolk Building Society, but elsewhere around the country there is Newbury Building Society and similar.
That connection to the community really matters.
It is important to get on with this primary legislation, but we also need to get the negative secondary regulations through as quickly as possible so that we can boost mortgage borrowing for families who are keen to get on to the housing ladder.
I completely agree—my right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and we will come to that in due course.
She is absolutely right.
I want to focus on building societies in rural areas.
The flight of the banks, in particular from rural areas but also from a lot of high street banking and the role they have traditionally carried out—this is partly why the Bill is so important—highlights the importance of cash in the rural economy.
Many of my local small businesses are really struggling with how to bank cash properly.
We also have a problem in our part of the world with ATMs now being subject to JCB theft—ATMs being ripped out of the wall.
So, there is a cash problem and building societies have a really important role.
As well as reflecting the very best of old Labour, this is also, if I may say so, the very best of civic conservatism.
This is Edward Burke’s little platoons.
This is the weft and the warp of local connected responsible civic community-based capitalism; the sort of capitalism that small platoon civic conservatism has long championed.
I would argue that all parties in Government over the past 40 years have slightly forgotten that that needs to be championed.
We have seen the rise and the domination of big capital, big banks and big disconnected capitalism.
I am here today as a card-carrying supporter of the mutuality model and civic capitalism.
I think both main parties have that in common in their different traditions and history.
On rural banking and finance, in Mid Norfolk we have five towns and 114 villages.
We are not quite halfway between Cambridge and Norwich.
Traditionally, it has been something of a rural backwater.
It is an agricultural community, with many retirees and pensioners moving to quiet rural Norfolk.
It is a real challenge to ensure that our villages remain vibrant and our towns remain thriving.
The model of development over the past 40 years has been over-focused on commuter housing.
People drive their cars to Norwich and Cambridge during the day, and that sucks the life out of many of our villages.
The rise of online commerce and digital retail has also taken quite a lot of the life out of many of our towns, and our high streets are struggling to remain vibrant.
The Government’s moves to reduce business rates has helped, but the pandemic and the cost of energy crisis, coming off the back of the Ukraine war, has hit rural areas disproportionately hard.
That is a theme I will be picking up in the coming months in this House in the run-up to the Budget.
Everyone has been hit by the cost of energy increase of course, but in rural areas there is a double triple whammy.
Every member of staff in a company has to drive.
Most of my relatively low-paid working families have one, two or three cars.
They are not a luxury; they need them to be able to get to work.
All our public services are hit—our bus services and our county council services—all across rural areas.
We are paying a double whammy because of an over-dependency on transport and heating.
That huge rural impact is hitting remote backwater rural areas very hard, particularly in my part of Norfolk.
In that context, it is urgent that we encourage the revival of the rural economy.
I have long believed and campaigned locally that, with a slightly different approach to planning and development in our area, we could trigger something of a rural renaissance, with many small businesses popping up off the back of the Cambridge phenomenon and the Norwich Research Park.
Small businesses often start off by working from home or looking for converted farm units; they are not in the city centre, but distributed.
If we can get more businesses back into villages and small towns, we will have more people of working age in communities during the day.
That will reduce congestion and commuting.
The model of a vibrant rural economy is key to so many of the priorities of successive Governments.
We will never get to net zero if we keep shovelling people into cars and making them commute long distances in congested traffic jams.
The more we can get people to work from home or nearer to home, travelling when they need to during the day and not in peak hours, the better.
That vision of rural renaissance is key, but it will never happen if young people cannot afford to buy a house near to where they work, if thriving businesses on the high street are unable to cash-up, save and deposit cash safely, and if pensioners are unable to save, take out their deposits and interact with banking in the way they have for the past 50 or 60 years.
We need to ensure that we build an economy for the people who live there.
That is what my campaign, The Norfolk Way, is all about.
It is a project to promote that vision of rural growth.
The Bill touches on much of that.
One has only to see the flight of the mainstream banks out of such areas—I know that colleagues in other constituencies see that—and the desperation that people feel, whether they are first-time buyers or pensioners.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech, but we should not see building societies as a panacea; they are closing branches in my area as well.
How do we encourage building societies to keep branches open when they are closing throughout the country?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
I do not want to suggest that they are a total panacea; I am lauding and applauding Nationwide in Dereham because it is doing great work, but we need to make sure that the Bill is part of a broader approach.
I hope that Treasury Ministers, thinking about the run-up to the Budget and looking ahead, will think about how we can encourage more choice, more competition and more presence from both building societies and banks.
We need choice and competition in rural areas and other areas that are not well served as well as in areas that are.
The opportunity for rural renaissance was hit hard by the pandemic, as well as by the Ukraine war, with its impact on energy prices, Putin turning off the gas taps and the cost of living crisis that we have all experienced.
It is in that context that the Bill represents a chink of light and has been hugely supported locally.
I am delighted to have helped the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central bring it to the House.
I want to say something about the banks, because over the 13 years for which I have been privileged to be the Member of Parliament for Mid Norfolk the closure of banks—a cause on which I remember fondly working with the former Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , in 2009—has gradually hit much of rural Norfolk.
Everyone understands that we cannot have a hugely staffed bank branch in every village, but there is a contract at the heart of the state between citizens, Governments and operations such as banks that work under regulations.
Banks are there to provide a service, too, and if they are not going to provide that service we need to look at who will.
Given the number of people going into banks to do their business these days, it is not unreasonable that there should be some restructuring.
I think the idea of banking hubs where all the main banks club together to ensure that there is a proper facility in a town or substantial village is a good idea.
Does my hon.
Friend think that it is important that they should take in cash and takings from small businesses, because they do not all do that?
I do.
My right hon.
and learned Friend amplifies exactly the point I was making.
He is right that sparsely populated or rural areas will often require different solutions, in the same way as small rural schools require us to network and support them through multi-academy trusts.
Similarly, we need to be imaginative in how we support cash access and banking and saving in rural areas.
That touches on a deep problem that I have witnessed over many years: Whitehall tends to see these problems through an urban lens, and we need to think a bit about how rural areas often need a slightly different approach.
I hope that the Bill and the cross-party support for it will help to encourage the Treasury to think about how we can do more to make this a moment to encourage greater choice and competition out in the market.
It is particularly sad that the banks have stepped back from the service I described over the two or three decades in which many of them have focused rather more on big, international and complex financial trading—the derivatives that led to quite a lot of problems we had back in the great crash.
It is particularly sad in Norfolk given that it is where one of our great banks, Barclays, actually started, with the Gurney and Barclay families.
The first bank had its roots in King’s Lynn docks.
As people were required to pay duties, they required credit finance.
I encourage anyone who has not been to King’s Lynn to go there, as it has a beautifully regenerated and refurbished Georgian dockyard, where they can see the plaque commemorating the first credit facility that became the great Barclays bank.
It is particularly sad to see a bank such as Barclays step back from the place in which it started.
Everyone has history, roots and heritage, and I am not such a romantic that I expect Barclays to put a bank in every Norfolk village, but I do think there is a responsibility on all these companies to make sure that the people they are there to serve are getting the service they need.
I wish, in particular, to highlight the importance of access to cash on high streets for small businesses, as it is becoming a serious problem.
I know that the Minister  understands it, and I am grateful for his acknowledgement of it.
Across East Anglia, and I am sure this is happening elsewhere, we are seeing an increasing frequency of ATM raids, where JCBs are driven into banks and ATMs are taken out.
However, that is the thin end of a bigger wedge, and many businesses in Dereham, Attleborough, Wymondham, Watton and Hingham are beginning to struggle with what to do with cash on a Monday morning, and many local people are struggling to find a bank they can access.
I know that many people wish to speak this morning, so I will not detain you or the House for too long, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I want to touch on mutuality, which my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for North East Hertfordshire (Sir Oliver Heald)  addressed earlier.
We need to talk about, celebrate, champion and promote it more in this House.
Some 300 years ago, we were writing the rule book for modern capitalism, defining the joint stock limited company and setting out the legal framework in English constitutional law, in common law, that drove the industrial revolution.
We created limited liability companies, which allowed people to invest, raise money and back projects, and that was a key part of what this country did.
In an age of globalised capitalism and high technology, we have a challenge to make sure that capital does not become disconnected from the people who are providing the money, the savers, and the people who need the money to build businesses.
For capitalism to work, we need a connection between money, the people who are saving it and the people who are borrowing it.
The last crash in the City was a clear example of what happens when a disconnection is allowed to get to crisis proportions, whereby people do not know where the money that they have deposited is going and people who buy a complex derivative bond do not know what it is built on or what is underpinning it.
We then have a serious problem.
I am not suggesting that we go back to an agrarian revolution of trading wheat for a lift on a cart into Dereham, but I think there is a real issue in our economy in respect of connected capitalism.
Conservative Members in particular, as card-carrying advocates for the market, need to continue to champion and make clear the fact that markets work when they have values, connection and people at the heart of them.
When markets are completely disconnected, they have no sense of the requirements of the people putting the capital in or taking it out, they do not value that connection and regulators do not understand the importance of the bond of responsibility between people who are trading with each other.
Mutuality is a proud tradition at the heart of the old labour movement, but it is also a proud tradition in civic conservativism—it is Burke’s little platoons.
In a spirit of cross-party philosophising on this Friday morning, perhaps I can put some wind in the sails of the movement for mutuality.
I would love to see more mutuality in different sectors, such as in finance, banking and housing, where, clearly, the building societies have been a great reform—I would argue that the housing associations have also been a great Conservative reform in housing.
There are many examples of where we could blow on to the embers of mutuality and encourage more of it in different areas, particularly in some of our social care sectors and health provision.
It should not be a stark choice between private profit and public state.
There is a  whole third sector of mutuality— membership organisations that can deliver public goods, with cost reimbursement and important disciplines of financial control that are not necessarily either public sector, with all the efficiency challenges that go with it, or private sector, with all the incentives for high profit.
There is a whole raft of organisations out there that we could be deploying better—in health and care, but also in criminal justice and a whole range of areas where the state has struggled in the past few decades to achieve its stated objectives.
My hon.
Friend is making an outstanding speech, and we could philosophise all day, which I am tempted to do very badly.
Mutuality in the modern day requires a profit element.
For all building society branches to remain open, the business has to produce a profit.
Mutuality in the sense of Ketley’s Building Society in 1775 is a different concept completely.
We therefore should always come back to the point he makes that, for mutuality to succeed, it must be based on a civic, conservative and capitalist model.
It cannot work in any other way.
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and encourages me to wrap up my philosophising.
He is right—I am not at all anti-profit; it is about what is done with the profit.
One of the geniuses of mutuality is that the profit is recycled back in to pursue the interests of those who put in the capital in the first place.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way again—I must not keep trespassing on the House’s time, because I have a Bill coming up later.
Does he agree that if we look at pension funds and the possibilities of extending that sort of approach into social care, there would be a lot in the idea of mutuality?
Also, on the point about profit, if those funds were invested in national goods, such as important national infrastructure and things of that sort, we could all benefit, but of course it has a financial aspect to it as well.
Again, my right hon.
and learned Friend makes the point even more eloquently than I was trying to do, and he is right.
I make this point in all seriousness: in so many areas, such as infrastructure, as he says, I dream of a world in which people can put their own savings into mutual vehicles.
I would love people to be able to invest in the Cambridge-Norwich railway development corporation to fund the regeneration of neglected stations, or to create and fund investment vehicles.
There is a whole wealth of instruments, vehicles and bodies rooted in that fertile period of 18th and 19th-century English capitalism, and Scottish capitalism, too—the enlightenment in Edinburgh was a big part of it.
We could draw on those models better in pursuit of many of our public sector objectives.
As I wrap up, I will return to the more mundane and practical issues.
This is an important Bill for updating the law and giving building societies a chance to get back to where they were in the early ’90s.
They were responsible for something like 60% of the market; they have dropped down to 20%.
We want to help building societies compete and get back to providing their core service to help those who want to save in building  societies, not banks, and first-time buyers who, particularly in my part of the world in Norfolk, do not have high salaries and are looking for a safe and reliable local building society that could hopefully help them acquire a local house built for them, rather than for commuters moving into Norfolk.
We need to think about the people who are driving public services and the rural economy.
For first-time buyers, this is an important measure.
As the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central said in introducing the Bill, increasing lending capacity is in itself a huge step forward.
I think the figure is £10 billion of extra lending capacity, which will allow the provision of another 20,000 mortgages.
That is hugely important, particularly for first-time buyers.
I conclude by genuinely congratulating and thanking the hon.
Lady for bringing the Bill forward, the Government for working with her and us on it, and all those who have helped.
The Bill strikes a small but important blow and sends a key signal that building societies are back.
We want to support and help them as part of a broader commitment to civic, small, local-platoon connected capital that can help people in communities up and down this country to save and withdraw money in the way they need, which will support the local economies on which the national economy is built.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on bringing forward this important Bill.
As has been said, she has support across the House.
It is with some trepidation that I follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) : he has taken the debate into a much wider context, as I also intended to do, although from an urban and community banking perspective.
He is absolutely right about the importance of civic activity and community-based financial services, and the Bill goes a little way towards triggering that by bringing about a level playing field between building societies and banks so that they can compete more fairly.
The Bill will support building societies to do more lending in a safe and secure way, and it is welcomed by many, as the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central said, including the Building Societies Association.
It is a great starting point, but the economic landscape continues to change and building societies need the opportunity to remain competitive, so secondary legislation will be required to ensure that changes to regulations for other financial service providers are matched by updating the framework for building societies.
The Government consulted on similar changes in 2022, and the Bill largely mirrors the proposals from the consultation, which were welcomed by the industry.
There are some modest but fundamental changes in the Bill that are really important.
Building societies were founded to help working people to own a home of their own, and their mutual status means that their sole purpose is to serve their customers.
They direct a greater proportion of their lending to first-time buyers than banks do, but they are constrained by archaic legislation unfit for today’s economy.
Without this small but important piece of legislation, the competitive playing field in lending is not as level as it could or should be.
Under the Building Societies Act 1986, building societies are subject to funding limits that their high street banking competitors are not.
Those limits require at least half their funding to come from savings deposits made by retail savers.
In areas such as Stoke-on-Trent, both the average savings and the number of savers are lower than in more affluent areas, and consequently smaller local building societies are restricted in the numbers of mortgages they can offer, even though they are needed.
The proposed changes to the 1986 Act will not alter the funding limit but, as the hon.
Lady outlined, they will remove certain key impediments, thereby enabling building societies to lend more and ensuring that more mortgage loans are available to UK homebuyers at competitive rates, and, crucially, to first-time buyers, who are the lifeblood of the housing market, as well as those further up the ladder.
Indeed, the Bill seeks to unlock billions of pounds of extra lending for first-time buyers and homeowners.
It is estimated that for every £10 billion of new lending capacity that is unlocked there is the potential to support an additional 20,000 average first-time buyers.
Risk needs to be managed, but smaller building societies in particular should not be tarred with the same brush as high street banks.
Regulation needs to be simplified and made easier for them, because within their customer base they cater for a group of people who are on the edge of mainstream banking.
If local building societies did not exist, some people would be entirely disenfranchised by banking, so their mission is a social one as much as a financial one.
The banking sector has essentially become a risk management business.
As building societies grow, they manage more risk and the regulators are not keen to take that on.
Although the inertia that creates is understandable, it makes it incredibly difficult to change the system.
One particular issue on which I have campaigned for some time is the one-size-fits-all regulation that burdens smaller lenders and stifles innovation in the banking and non-banking financial sector.
The Netflix movie “Bank of Dave”, which tells the story of Dave Fishwick’s journey trying to open a community bank in Burnley, hit the top 10 in America four days after its release and captured the imagination of the British public last year.
Dave’s innovative ideas make sense to the nation, but the existing regulatory framework does not seem able to adapt and respond to them.
I have been working with Dave Fishwick and forward-thinking organisations in the financial services sector to push for a simpler regulatory framework and to enable a model that can provide the template for the creation of community banks throughout the country.
We do not have enough regional banks or facilities such as building societies, where those who serve local people understand their needs.
People do not want to be faced with a computer that simply says no.
If anywhere needs a healthy local banking system in which local people feel included, it is Stoke-on-Trent—as well as Norfolk, of course.
We need small businesses to be able to access loans and homebuyers to be able to secure mortgages from those who understand the people they are serving, and whose bottom line is helping their community, rather than maximum profit.
In our quest for economic growth, we know that the biggest growth sector is small businesses, which represent more than 95% of all business, yet high street banks are not lending to them because they represent the highest  risk levels.
Many small businesses need to borrow to grow, and the current options are not adequate, so let us enable the smaller challenger banks and community development finance institutions to flourish, and make it easier for building societies to lend more to first-time buyers.
Building societies offer a huge opportunity.
They are communities paying for the community, which matters hugely in places like Stoke-on-Trent where there is a great sense of place and pride and people want to help each other.
Building societies can offer more to the community than high street banks because they have a social mission.
I recently spoke to Hanley Economic building society in my constituency, and it shared its plans to use funds from dormant accounts to invest in local projects.
It still protects the dormant account holder 100%, but in the meantime wants to use the business to make a difference in Stoke-on-Trent.
It makes sense, because it uses local people’s money to invest in local projects.
Modernising the legislation on building societies is long overdue.
Building societies were founded to help working people to own a home of their own and are an essential part of our communities.
In order to be sustainable, building societies need to be allowed to grow, at least at the pace of the rest of the sector.
In order to do that, they need to lend, but without the retail funding that the Bill would allow, they cannot do so effectively.
Other sectors, whether that be mutuals or friendly societies, have had similar updates to bring their regulation in line with competition in the sector, so this is a crucial opportunity to enable building societies to do the same.
The Bill is an important starting point, and primary legislation is needed, but as the economic landscape changes building societies need the opportunity to remain competitive, so secondary legislation will be necessary to ensure that the legal framework is up to date.
That includes measures to tidy up anomalies in the 1986 Act.
One long overdue piece of legal housekeeping is to make the directors’ retirement age provisions in the Act explicitly consistent with the Equalities Act 2010.
Section 60(8) of the 1986 Act states that the normal retirement age for a director of a building society is 70.
A retirement age for plcs used to be set out in the Companies Act, but after the Equality Act 2010 outlawed age discrimination, the provision was deleted from the Companies Act.
Nevertheless, the statutory normal retirement age has not been removed from the 1986 Act.
It may seem like a silly example, but it currently means that there are two contradictory statutory provisions.
It would be much better if the retirement-age provisions of the 1986 Act were removed, as has happened for plcs.
Simply because a director has just had their 70th birthday—I feel this personally—does not mean they are no longer competent.
They have huge amounts of experience, they understand the market, and firing them would be demonstrably wrong for the business.
The Bill will support building societies to better weather periods of financial stress and help to minimise risk in the banking sector.
Building societies have around 1,300 branches.
As we heard earlier, that is down by around a fifth compared with 2015, but the number of bank branches has declined even faster, more than halving since 2015, so there is a real need for more locally based lending in communities throughout the country, as well as more encouragement of savings that stay in the community to support lending.
The changes in the Bill will help to level the playing field for building societies to compete more fairly with banks, and will support them to do more lending.
Crucially, as the building society sector directs a greater proportion of lending to first-time buyers compared with banks, that will benefit more people looking to get on to the housing ladder.
Increased lending is essential to the UK’s future prosperity and economic growth.
In 2021, the Bank of England launched a project called “Strong and Simple”, the aim of which was simplification and which goes to the heart of what I was saying earlier.
Smaller building societies, and smaller banks and other lending institutions, spend far too much of their time having to comply with regulations that were written for high street banks and large global billion-pound or billion-dollar businesses.
If things were made less onerous for them, they could innovate more and proliferate throughout the country.
“A strong and simple prudential framework for non-systemic banks and building societies”, published by the Prudential Regulation Authority, set out a vision for simplifying the prudential requirements for smaller, domestic-focused banks and building societies while maintaining those firms’ resilience.
The invitation to comment seems to have met with resistance from the risk-averse industry, which in my view is based on penalising the minnows while protecting the giants, so inertia reigns and progress is slow.
I hope that small changes such as those proposed today to make for fairer competition will be the forerunner of larger reforms, such as a new framework for small domestic deposit takers that will enable the financial services sector to embrace change for the benefit of the most marginalised and under-served communities and businesses.
I am pleased to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) , who made an excellent case for the importance of both the local aspect of building societies and the way in which they help people in her community, and other people in deprived communities who need to get on to the housing ladder.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on her good fortune in securing the top slot in the ballot, which is like winning the lottery for us parliamentarians on the Back Benches.
Her choice of Bill is a tribute to the seriousness with which she has taken that good fortune and that responsibility.
The Bill is important to my constituents in Dover and Deal and the local villages, and it will have an impact on the whole country, which really matters.
I strongly welcome the Bill’s aims: to begin to level the playing field between banks and building societies by updating the funding rules for building societies—which will enable them, as we have heard, to raise additional capital, and will open up competition for the benefit of customers in the mortgage and savings markets while retaining that critical mutual model, and without reducing financial stability—and also to modernise arrangements for meetings and the execution of deeds.
I am a proud member of Principality building society.
I served for six years as a main board director and chaired the group risk committee.
I have a passion for the importance of mutuals in general and building societies in particular.
We have heard of other mutuals and other not-for-profit organisations such as housing associations, and I agree with what was said by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , but building societies are vital in having purpose as well as, for instance, providing funds.
During my time at Principality I faced an annual re-election to the board at the annual general meeting, as did every other board director, including the chief executive.
Every year now, as a member of the building society, if I am unable to attend the AGM in person I can vote electronically.
That annual act of receiving and responding to the AGM papers connects me directly and personally to my building society.
I enjoy looking at the papers and considering the performance and the objectives of the society, and reading about the current board members.
Let me turn first to the Bill’s proposal to allow members to attend and speak at AGMs remotely, as well as to vote.
Hybrid and, indeed, virtual-only meetings have become more common since covid.
It will be important to consider how a decision to use hybrid arrangements will be made, and who will make it.
For example, will members be consulted?
Will it be the sole decision of the chief executive, or will it be a decision for the whole board?
It will be important to ensure that a decision to proceed with virtual arrangements does not diminish effective participation, and that the decision is not made for other reasons, such as to cut costs or to hold an AGM somewhere more difficult for members to get to, on the basis that they can participate virtually.
This particularly matters because, as the House has recognised, physical attendance has a special value.
It should be noted that, in this Chamber, it is perfectly possible to have virtual debates, virtual questioning of Ministers and even virtual voting, all of which happened during the covid pandemic, but we now meet in person, debate in person, question Ministers in person and, over many hours and often late into the evening, vote in person.
Although often considered, further modernisation of this place has been rejected.
Many Members may share the view that more could be done to modernise Parliament further, but it must be noted that being together in one place has particular benefits that carry much weight.
On Lords amendment 22B to the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, we recently voted not to allow council meetings to be held with virtual participation.
The basis of the Government’s position, set out by Earl Howe in their lordships’ House, included the need for councillors to interact with citizens and to be held accountable.
When I was a board member at Principality, I was subject to the scrutiny of the members who attended the AGM and the interaction and engagement that comes with that.
I enjoyed and looked forward to those AGMs, which were well organised and well attended.
Year after year, members would come to chat and have a cup of tea with the board of directors, which was really important.
I remember one of my regulars, Mrs Jones, who would come along with Mr Jones, who said rather less.
Mrs Jones would invariably take me to task on the rate  of interest on savings, asking why it could not be higher.
Members would comment on financial performance and the savings rate, and many took huge interest and pride in the building society’s purpose and passion, be that the commitment to first-time buyers or the commitment to building homes.
Principality became the first building society in recent times to put “build” back into “building society.”
Building societies are rooted in building homes for home ownership.
I championed this renaissance at Principality, with the Ely Mill development creating quality, affordable homes and hundreds of new jobs on a brownfield industrial site in Cardiff.
The first-of-its-kind project was led by Principality Commercial and the Welsh Government, leading the way for other building societies to consider how they could reconnect with their house building roots.
The project was an exemplar in how to remediate brownfield land in a way that captures value and improves viability for development, and it showed again how the community purpose, focus and interest brought forward by being a building society rooted, embedded and committed to its community can make a difference.
I know at first hand that the discussions and feedback at an AGM are every bit as important for an effective board as the discussions and feedback we might have at meetings with our constituents, or in the Lobbies and corridors of Parliament, are for us.
Although the provision to allow hybrid AGMs is a welcome step forward, we should not ignore the caution or concern to ensure that such changes improve, and do not detract from, engagement, all the more so because, while companies are already doing this, a building society is not just another company.
It is something very special and very different.
That difference means engagement, connection and participation with members.
That is at the heart—in the very DNA—of what it means to be a building society.
The experience of companies has not always been to the benefit of shareholder participation.
Indeed, in 2022 the Financial Reporting Council issued guidance for best practice in remote corporate meetings, with a particular focus on annual general meetings.
The guidance provides helpful insights into the sorts of issues that may be beneficial for securing effective hybrid participation, including ensuring that virtual moderation is transparent, that any character limit for text questions is reasonable, and that there is fair representation between questions asked virtually and in person.
If building societies choose to exercise that virtual opportunity, it will be important that they do so in line with similar best practice and their core values.
They must never miss the wisdom and accountability that come from building society members such as Mrs Jones.
Clause 3 is a long-overdue amendment to align the execution of documents for building societies with that of companies.
It will be heartily welcomed by company secretaries and lawyers alike.
I must say, as a former transactional lawyer in banking and finance, that ensuring that the right authorities are in place, that the right people under those authorities sign the documents, and that the documents are completed in the right way, could not be more important.
They are not legal unless that happens.
As we consign those heavy seals to legal history, I look forward to them re-emerging in their new life as doorstops and bookends.
Let me turn to clause 1 on the funding structures of building societies.
Building societies support a great number of our constituents, as we have heard.
There are around 26 million customers of the 42 building societies, ably represented by the Building Societies Association.
Some of those building societies are large and very familiar household names, such as Nationwide, while some are less well known nationally.
Many have geographical names, such as Leeds Building Society, Coventry Building Society, the Principality, the West Brom and many others.
That local aspect is key to understanding what makes building societies so special.
They are not just mutual; they are rooted firmly in and for communities.
The funding structure with which building societies began, which has evolved—and the further evolution of which we are debating today—was not that of a bank.
The description of their history has been set out fully and ably by the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central.
The clue, of course, is in the name: the building society.
They were clubs of ordinary people who came together for a purpose: to get a home of their own.
What an extraordinary and wonderful purpose.
How very relevant that is today, as it ever was.
The whole House knows that we are not building enough homes, and that the rental market is in dire need of urgent reform and, indeed, of reduction in favour of home ownership and affordable rented housing.
Surely we must be due a revival of co-operative, mutual housing delivery that promotes and enables the funding and building of homes just like those early building societies.
That may be something to consider further in Committee.
The Bill has secured cross-party support.
In that spirit, I echo the words of the first Labour Prime Minister, Ramsay MacDonald, who said that no movement of co-operative self-help is more worthy of support than that of the building societies.
He said: “A house should be an expression of a personality, and wherever it is possible it ought to be owned, not merely rented.
Would that every workman could own his own house, just as he owns his clothes.”
Those words resonate through the decades.
As we have heard, it is on the Conservative Benches that there has been a long-standing commitment to mutuality.
The Conservative Prime Minister Mr Stanley Baldwin wrote of the expansion of the building societies movement that councils should use the powers of co-operation enabled by the Chamberlain Act to work with building societies: imagine—local authorities working closely with building societies to deliver homes for local people.
He wrote: “They afford abundant evidence of the growing popularity of the Building Society as a medium for the investment of savings, and of the success which has been achieved in the encouragement of thrift and independence, which was one of the main objectives of the founders of the movement.
These figures indicate also a steady increase of the number of those who are becoming owners of their own homes… The work and aims of the Building Societies will commend themselves to all thinking people.”
How right he was.
As we look at this Bill, we should have firmly in the front of our minds those purposive elements of access to home ownership for working people to have a home of their own, and the public and private benefits of savings, thrift and independence; they are as relevant today as they ever were, and solutions to such issues for  ordinary working people are needed as much as ever.
Linking savings and home ownership is so important.
Indeed, during my time at Principality I was pleased to have the support of the Treasury Committee Chair, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Worcestershire (Harriett Baldwin) , in my work to promote a building society ISA, which became the help to buy ISA, to make that link through a Government-backed housing deposit savings scheme.
Although building societies strive to maintain a distinct and clear purpose and function, the current regulatory and legal framework puts them at a disadvantage to the dominantly financial purposes of banks.
Today we are looking at what the Bill will do to address that disadvantage and level the playing field, but I encourage Members to consider how they too might lead the way.
In Dover and Deal, we have a proud tradition of MPs and mayors being directly involved in the building society movement.
It was a mayor of Dover, William Clarke, who set up the Dover Investment and Mutual Building Society—one of the early terminating societies that we heard about earlier—and it was a Member of Parliament, Sir Brook Bridges, who headed the Dover Cottage Building and Improvement Society, based in Buckland in Dover.
Local people and businesses have been involved throughout the history of the movement in Dover and east Kent.
In 1846, the Dover and East Kent Building Society and the Dover Investment and Mutual Building Society felt in competition with each another—at one point, there was much rivalry between different organisations.
As the movement developed, there was also the establishment in 1850 of the Dover Permanent Benefit Society, which took in the Dover Cottage Building and Improvement Society that had been set up by Sir Brook Bridges MP some years before.
The list goes on, with examples of people’s active engagement, active leadership, and active participation in creating, leading and delivering mutual models based and embedded in the communities they represent.
All Members of Parliament and those in local governance roles have that opportunity to lead, establish and show the way.
I very much commend the excellent history of those building societies in The Dover Historian—produced by local historian Lorraine Sencicle—as an excellent insight into the development and role of people and places for the benefit of providing housing.
Let me turn to today’s changes and the matter of levelling the playing field.
The banking market dominates the mortgage markets but that was not always the case.
As recently as the early 1980s, building societies held the dominant position in the mortgage market.
Liberalisation of the banking market during the 1980s created a massive change in participation in the mortgage market by the banks and increased mortgage fund availability.
But now a small number of players dominate the market.
Lloyds Banking Group is the biggest mortgage lender by outstanding balances in 2022; it has a 19% market share of mortgages, which is nearly one in five mortgages across the country.
The net effect of the changes was a near-reversal of the position of dominance of the building societies and that was a result of the financial market liberalisations and changes in legislation and regulation.
That is to the detriment of competition, price and availability for customers.
The Bill will go some way to levelling the playing field between building societies and banks but there is more to do.
Let us consider a responsibly run financial entity like Principality with its approval for running its own internal risk ratings basis.
That means it is able to use its internal models to determine the risk rate assets and can decide, on the basis of these highly technical professional models, how much capital it needs to cover its risk.
It can do that; it does not need to follow the standard one-size-fits-all for other organisations.
This is a tough regulatory hurdle requiring detailed and extensive engagement with the PRA and the Bank of England, and I can say at first hand that it is a tough threshold requiring forensic and detailed work because I made it one of my key priorities to help secure that approval when I chaired the group risk committee at Principality.
It is taken very seriously and only responsibly run financial entities with very good technical and risk management are allowed to do that.
We should compare that with other banks such as Metro Bank, which has been a failing bank due to poor financial controls and inadequate systems, including a serious accounting scandal.
Time and again Metro has been on the financial brink so no wonder it has been rejected for its AIRB—advanced internal rating-based—approval.
For too long successive Governments have not backed our established responsible building sector movement and instead have favoured failing or second-rate challenger banks.
I hope this matter will be explored further in Committee, but I also hope the Minister will reflect further on it.
Turning to deposit funding, the context of clause 1 is that building societies must fund 50% of their funds from customer deposits—in other words, from customer savings accounts.
As we have heard, the Bill does not change the percentage but does propose to change the calculation for three funding types.
This will enable building societies to go further towards the 50% threshold than currently; it will give them greater flexibility and allow them to better manage their funding streams and the price and availability of products in the interests of both the customer and competition.
However, the current dominant deposit funding approach to customer savings that applies to building societies still puts building societies at a disadvantage to banks in other ways that are not fully taken into account.
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme operates on the basis of size of deposits rather than size of the risk.
That disadvantages building societies because they are financed largely by their deposits while the banks are financed largely by their wholesale markets.
Building societies will have more deposits and therefore will have a larger amount of deposits with regard to their overall liabilities under the scheme.
Alongside today’s amendments, I hope the Bill Committee will consider the operation of the Financial Services Compensation Scheme to level the playing field for building societies, including increasing the deposit protection amount from £85,000 to £100,000 to capture more accounts, given the role of building societies in having savers; to provide better and separate protection for small and medium-sized businesses, which should be funded by those who provide SME banking services; and to provide faster access for customers in getting hold of their compensation when there is a failure, by  funding it from the Bank of England, with recovery to follow either from the failed entity or, if necessary, the FSCS levies.
Finally, I will comment on the three proposed exceptions to the funding limit that we are addressing today.
These will enable building societies to raise additional capital and open up competition for the benefit of customers in the mortgage and savings market, while retaining their mutual model and without reducing financial stability.
The first change is to exclude the Bank of England’s support funds from the funding limits.
Those funds are made available precisely for the purpose of managing financial stress events.
They should not artificially dilute the calculation of savings ratios that are held by the building society.
The amendment in the Bill will address that issue.