Mr. WILLIAMS.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to honor the Capitol Theatre in Rome, NY as it celebrates its 95th Anniversary this year.
The idea for the Capitol Theatre was conceived by brothers Myron J. and Joseph S. Kallet.
Kallet Theaters, Inc., of Oneida, New York partnered with the M.E. Commerford Amusement Company of Scranton, Pennsylvania to open the theater on December 10, 1928.
It was designed by Leon H. Lempert, Jr. and was the first building in the city of Rome, New York, to be built as a movie house and the first to offer ``talking pictures''.
The opening program included the feature film Lilac Time, starring Colleen Moore and Gary Cooper.
Until 1974, the Capitol Theatre operated as a first-run movie house, and then for the next eleven years was used on occasion for special events.
The facility was officially re-opened on the 57th anniversary of the theater, December 10, 1985, by Capitol Civic Center, Inc., a non-profit formed by volunteers.
In November of 2020, a major restoration project was begun to restore the Capital interior to its 1939 period.
In July of 2021, the restored theater reopened, and in January of 2022 the renovation project was completed with a recreation of the markee and blade sign.
The theater still hosts its 1928 original installation Mo11er theater organ which was restored in 2002 and has been used since then to accompany silent movies.
Today, Capitol Theatre auditorium is part of the Capitol Arts Complex which is the centerpiece of the ``Rome Arts District''.
Live stage plays, dance shows, classic movies and special events are all hosted at the Complex.
Also included in the Complex is the two screen Cinema Capitol which offers first-run independent movies.
The Capitol Arts Complex currently hosts over 900 performances annually.
It is truly an honor, on behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional District, to congratulate the Capitol Theatre on the occasion of its 95th Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.