Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Sergeant Major Collin D. Barry for 24 years of dedicated service to our Nation.
Sergeant Major Barry first answered the call to service in 1999 when he enlisted in Tucumcari, New Mexico.
Twenty-four years later, he is retiring as the Marine Corps Installations National Capital RegionMarine Corps Base Quantico Command Senior Enlisted Leader.
Sergeant Major Barry has a distinguished record of service, evident by the numerous service awards he has received, including a Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Corps Meritorious Service Medal, and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.
Throughout his career, Sergeant Major Barry has selflessly served his country, deploying in support of multiple military operations including Operation Iraqi Freedom I, Operation Iraqi Freedom II, and Operation Inherent Resolve.
He has served as an instructor and been a role model to students while assigned to the Naval Reserve Officer Training CorpsUniversity of New Mexico, and as a Basic Reconnaissance Course Platoon Sergeant, Chief Instructor, and Course Chief at the Reconnaissance Training Company, Advanced Infantry Training Battalion, School of Infantry-West.
Sergeant Major Barry has also committed himself to learning and has been a dedicated student during his time of service.
He earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Global Leadership and Organizational Management from the Indiana Institute of Technology, a Master of Business Administration degree from Texas A&M University, and a Bachelor of Business Administration from the Anderson School of Management at the University.
His expertise and leadership led him to participate in two Commandant improve culture, force preservation, and human performance optimization within the force.
He has made academic and practitioner advancements in military leadership through published research and was recognized by the Marine Corps Association for communication distinction for his articles published in the Marine Corps Gazette.
Sergeant Major Barry has gone above and beyond in the many roles he has fulfilled throughout his career as a mentor, teacher, student, and as a Marine.
His legacy of service and leadership will continue through all the servicemembers who have had the honor of serving with him.