Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
194

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, November 28, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 29

9:30 a.m.

Conferees

Meeting of conferees on H.R. 2670, to authorize

appropriations for fiscal year 2024 for military

activities of the Department of Defense and for

military construction, and for defense activities of

the Department of Energy, to prescribe military

personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the Water Resources

Development Act of 2024, focusing on stakeholder

feedback on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers project

partnership agreements.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the security of Federal

facilities.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To receive a closed briefing on the US-PRC relationship

after APEC.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
NOVEMBER 30

10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Basil

Ivanhoe Gooden, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of

Agriculture for Rural Development, and Summer K.

Mersinger, of South Dakota, to be a Commissioner of the

Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine opportunities and challenges

associated with advanced nuclear reactor

commercialization.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Hampton Y.

Dellinger, of North Carolina, to be Special Counsel,

Office of Special Counsel, and Henry J. Kerner, of

Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems

Protection Board.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider an authorization for

subpoenas relating to the Supreme Court ethics

investigation, and the nominations of Mustafa Taher

Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Oregon, Eumi K. Lee, to be United States

District Judge for the Northern District of California,

Seth Robert Aframe, of New Hampshire, to be United

States Circuit Judge for the First Circuit, Edward

Sunyol Kiel, to be United States District Judge for the

District of New Jersey, Sarah French Russell, to be

United States District Judge for the District of

Connecticut, Christopher Charles Fonzone, of

Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Attorney General,

Department of Justice, Sara E. Hill, and John David

Russell, both to be a United States District Judge for

the Northern District of Oklahoma, and Ramona

Villagomez Manglona, to be Judge for the District Court

for the Northern Mariana Islands.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the Consumer Financial

Protection Bureau's Semi-Annual Report to Congress.
DECEMBER 6

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine Infrastructure Investment and

Jobs Act investments in habitat and ecosystem

restoration, pollinators, and wildlife crossings.