From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HOMER FIRE DEPARTMENT'S 150 YEAR ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th

anniversary of the founding of the Homer Fire Department in Cortland

County, New York.
The Homer Fire Department was established on April 10, 1873 as part

of the Village of Homer.
Since then, the all-volunteer department has

worked tirelessly to protect the citizens of Homer and has served as a

backbone of their community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

recognizing the Homer Fire Department on their 150th anniversary.
It is

my sincere privilege to honor all the volunteer firefighters who have

kept Homer safe since 1873 and continue to do so today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TOM SIGMUND

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tom Sigmund for

his service and accomplishments as the executive director of NEW Water

and president of the National Association of Clean Water Agencies.
Mr. Sigmund has committed his career to improving water quality

throughout Wisconsin, as well as promoting a national water policy to

create a more equitable water future.
On July 13, 2023, Mr. Sigmund

completed his service as president of the National Association of Clean

Water Agencies.
I stand today to recognize Mr. Sigmund's impressive

leadership at NACWA as well as his service to the clean water industry.
Since 2007, Mr. Sigmund has led NEW Water, the brand of the Green Bay

Metropolitan Sewerage District, as its executive director, facilitating

the delivery of the utility's wholesale conveyance and treatment

services to 238,000 people throughout 15 municipalities in Northeast

Wisconsin.
Under Mr. Sigmund's leadership, NEW Water has achieved 100

percent permit compliance and ushered in a new era for the utility in

recognizing that material sent to the facilities is a valuable resource

to be recovered and reused.
He orchestrated the Resource Recovery and

Electrical Energy, or R2E2, project, which recovers valuable resources

from the wastewater stream to produce electricity and recovers heat for

processes that run the facility.
Mr. Sigmund aided in creating a circular reclaimed water system that

was developed with a national paper mill, boosting economic development

for the region, and providing a sustainable solution for the industry.
Mr. Sigmund launched an adaptive management approach to achieve water

quality improvements more cost effectively by working collaboratively

across rural landscapes in the Green Bay watershed.
These efforts

target a reduction of sediment and excess nutrient run-off into

impaired waterways, an improved ecosystem, and a pathway for continued

success.
Under his leadership, NEW Water entered a partnership with NASA to

advance scientific knowledge of harmful algal blooms and their impact

on public health.
This initiative is housed under NEW Water's Aquatic

Monitoring Program, which was established in 1986 and is one of the

longest running water quality monitoring programs on the Great Lakes.
Mr. Sigmund also supports his community by creating an educational

STEAM Superheroes Camp with the local Boys & Girls Club to build

critical skillsets, inspire water stewardship, and establish a talent

pipeline for future employees.
During the early stages of the pandemic, NEW Water joined the

Wisconsin Wastewater Surveillance Program to advance public health

efforts to understand COVID-19 in the community.
Mr. Sigmund received

his Bachelor and Master of Science in Civil and Environmental

Engineering from the University of Wisconsin.
A licensed professional

engineer in Wisconsin and Ohio, he has served and continues to serve on

board and leadership positions at various organizations.
He chaired the

Water Resources Utility of the Future Task Force, which developed the

Water Resources Utility of the Future Blueprint for Action.
He served

as a member of the Utility Advisory Group, where he helped develop

publications on Effective Utility Management related to water and

wastewater utilities, as well as other sustainability efforts.