The chief and his team drove through the night to provide their unique

training to extinguish the blaze.
Temperatures from the fire exceeded

1,000 degrees, melting the innards of Miami, yet because of the

expertise of the SUBASE Fire Department no lives were lost.
More

recently, Jeffrey used his knowledge and experience to rescue a man who

fell down a 30 foot well in Ledyard, Connecticut.
It was due to

Jeffrey's technical ability and expertise in confined space rescue that

allowed for a swift resolution to what could have amounted to a dire

circumstance for the man who fell.
Mr. Speaker, although we mourn the profound loss our region has

experienced in the passing of Asst.
Chief Post, we can take solace in

his inspiring legacy of the lives he saved, and the countless

colleagues he has positively impacted throughout his life--whether as a

rescuer or mentor.
It is during this time that we pay special attention

to Jeffrey's family, his wife Chrissy; two children, Olivia and John;

brothers Scott and Daniel; parents Steven and Cynthia; and extended

family.
To this end, I ask that my colleagues in this chamber join me

in honoring the example left by Asst.
Chief Post.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME

RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Commission of Fine

Arts District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
This bill would remove the

authority of the Commission of Fine Arts (CFA) over non-federal real

property in the District of Columbia.
Under presidential executive orders (EOs) and federal law, the CFA

has review authority for D.C.-owned parks and buildings, as well as for

certain private land in D.C. Under the relevant EOs, CFA has review

authority for the design of D.C.-owned parks and buildings.
Under the

Shipstead-Luce Act, CFA has review authority for the design of private

buildings in D.C. ``adjacent to public buildings and grounds of major

importance,'' such as Rock Creek Park and the Potomac riverfront.
Under

the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA has review authority for the design of

private buildings in the part of Georgetown referred to as ``Old

Georgetown'' in the act.
The federal government, including the CFA, whose members are

appointed by the President, has no business in D.C. land-use policies

and decisions unrelated to the federal presence.
Not only is the

federal government's authority over D.C. buildings and private property

a violation of home rule, it also delays and increases the cost of

public and private development in D.C.

This bill is an important step to increase home rule for D.C. I urge

my colleagues to support it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 65TH ANNIVERSARY OF OPERATION SUNSHINE

HON.
JOHN JOYCE

Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

and recognize the 65th Anniversary of Operation Sunshine, a scientific

expedition on behalf of the United States Navy that sent our Nation's

first nuclear submarine, the USS Nautilus, to the North Pole.
Nicknaming themselves ``PANOPOs'', an acronym from the phrase

``Pacific to the Atlantic via the North Pole'', one-hundred and sixteen

crew members made the historic voyage under the polar ice, showing true

American dominance in science, innovation, and naval capability.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's 13th Congressional District, I am proud

to recognize the 65th Anniversary of Operation Sunshine and thank both

Nautilus Alumni Association and the Submarine Force Library and Museum

Association for their dedication to keeping American history alive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HOMER FIRE DEPARTMENT'S 150 YEAR ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th

anniversary of the founding of the Homer Fire Department in Cortland

County, New York.