Title: CELEBRATING RAYMOND PATNAUDE'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
134

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING RAYMOND PATNAUDE'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize and celebrate

World War II veteran Raymond Francis Patnaude, who turns 100 years old

this week.
Born on August 9, 1923, Raymond embodies what it means to be a member

of the ``Greatest Generation.''
When the forces of fascism threatened

the peace, security, and freedom of millions upon millions, Raymond

answered the call to serve, enlisting in the Army and eventually

serving in the 97th Infantry ``Trident'' Division.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must

constantly be fought for and guarded by each generation.
That noble

mission is exactly what Raymond helped carry out when he wore the

uniform of the United States Military.
Because of the service and

sacrifice of veterans, generations of Americans have been able to

experience the blessings of liberty and live in a land that is free.
For that, all of us owe Raymond and his fellow veterans a debt that we

can never fully repay.
Following his military service, Raymond and his late wife Beulah

settled in South Bend, where Raymond bought and successfully operated

McDonald Studio, the oldest photography studio in the South Bend area.
In fact, many high school alumni from South Bend from the past half-

century came to McDonald Studio for their senior photos.
Others came to

know Raymond and his professionalism along with his kind, generous

nature at weddings, communions, and community engagements.
Together, Raymond and Beulah also had five children together: Ray

Jr., David, Philip, Chris and Paulette.
All five children worked in the

studio at some point, which is a testament to the loving and tight-knit

family that Raymond and Beulah built.
As Raymond celebrates with his family a century of life well lived, I

join countless Hoosiers in wishing Raymond a very Happy 100th Birthday.
I also commend him for his loyal service and the many, many

contributions he has made to the South Bend community, Indiana's Second

Congressional District, and our country.
Godspeed Raymond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE FIRST ANNUAL LAKE WINNIPESAUKEE DAY

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the town of

Wolfeboro, New Hampshire for hosting the first ever Lake Winnipesaukee

Day celebration.
Lake Winnipesaukee is 1 of the treasures of our state,

a recreation and tourism hub, and an economic driver for the entire

region.
Above all, it is a precious natural resource and habitat that

we must continue to protect and preserve for generations to come.
With

proceeds benefiting advocacy groups fighting to preserve the quality of

the lake, Lake Winnipesaukee Day is a shining example of Wolfeboro's

commitment to keeping Lake Winnipesaukee clean and healthy for years to

come.
The Lake Winnipesaukee Day celebration brings together 8 different

non-profit climate advocacy organizations to educate visitors and

highlight the importance of climate action and preservation in the Lake

Winnipesaukee region.
The celebration's live laser shows, food, drinks,

games, and music have worked to create an engaging local space that

will serve as both an opportunity and prominent platform for climate

groups to advocate and educate.
New Hampshire's way of life is rooted

in our natural surroundings, and it is the responsibility of each and

every 1 of us to ensure that future generations can enjoy the benefits

and beauty of our natural environment.
I sincerely commend Wolfeboro's

work to raise awareness and forge an impassioned, strong community of

well-informed citizens, and I look forward to many more Lake

Winnipesaukee Day celebrations in the future.