The celebration's live laser shows, food, drinks,

games, and music have worked to create an engaging local space that

will serve as both an opportunity and prominent platform for climate

groups to advocate and educate.
New Hampshire's way of life is rooted

in our natural surroundings, and it is the responsibility of each and

every 1 of us to ensure that future generations can enjoy the benefits

and beauty of our natural environment.
I sincerely commend Wolfeboro's

work to raise awareness and forge an impassioned, strong community of

well-informed citizens, and I look forward to many more Lake

Winnipesaukee Day celebrations in the future.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to congratulate the Town of Wolfeboro for its

dedication to the protection of Lake Winnipesaukee, and the work it has

done to educate and advocate for climate change action.
I am proud to

represent residents of Wolfeboro in Congress, and I can't wait to see

the success of this celebration in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KBBF RADIO

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor KBBF

and the Bilingual Broadcasting Foundation to recognize their 50 years

of providing reliable, bilingual public radio for the North Bay.
The Bilingual Broadcasting Foundation was founded in 1971 with KBBF's

first broadcast airing in 1973.
Spurred on by the Chicano movement,

KBBF's founders pioneered a new model to engage our entire community in

all public broadcastings benefits of education, culture, and news

access.
KBBF is the first bilingual, bicultural radio station in the

United States of America.
Today, the station reaches five million

households and specializes in English, Spanish, and several indigenous

languages.
Of their many listeners, one million are from primarily

Spanish-speaking households.
Since 1973, KBBF has been primarily run by volunteers.
Their team

remains a critical source of information for many Spanish-speaking

members of our community.
In 2017, when numerous wildfires devastated

Sonoma and Napa Counties, KBBF was instrumental in helping to translate

lifesaving evacuation guidance for Spanish-speaking residents of our

region who were seeking critical public safety news.
In recognition of their decades of work, KBBF was honored with the

2020 Silver Heart Award by the Northern California Chapter of the

Society of Professional Journalists.
The station has been a vital

resource of information and services for the Latino community.
KBBF is

vital in increasing access to information at the local, state, and

national level.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that that, for half a century, KBBF has

been an outstanding public broadcasting service for our multilingual

population in Northern California.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PAUL EAGAN       DOLAN, III

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with Congressman Mike Thompson

to honor the memory of highly regarded, fourth-generation wine grower

Paul Eagan Dolan, III, who passed away on June 26, 2023.
Born in Oakland, California in 1950, Paul spent his childhood summers

at his family's Asti Villa in Sonoma County.
His mother's family

heritage includes Pietro Carlo Rossi, the Italian immigrant who founded

the Italian Swiss Colony Winery.
Paul's summers in Asti inspired his

passion for winemaking.
Paul graduated from Bishop O'Dowd High School in 1968.
He earned a

Bachelor of Arts degree from Santa Clara University while also serving

in the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC).
After three years of

military service, Paul moved to Fresno, CA, where he earned a Masters

in Enology at California State University in 1977.
Upon graduation, Paul started his first winemaking job with Fetzer

Vineyards, where he worked for 27 years, eventually serving as

President.
The business flourished under his leadership.
In 1991 Fetzer

was rebranded as Bonterra Wines, the first national brand made from 100

percent organically grown grapes.
Paul's notable achievements included

being named Winemaker of the Year by the LA Times in 1991.