The business flourished under his leadership.
In 1991 Fetzer

was rebranded as Bonterra Wines, the first national brand made from 100

percent organically grown grapes.
Paul's notable achievements included

being named Winemaker of the Year by the LA Times in 1991.
During this

period, he also founded a small distribution of wine under the Dolan

Vineyards brand.
Paul passionately believed business could be a force for good, and

throughout his life, he demonstrated beneficial practices for

sustainable wine production.
In 2002, he held the first biodynamic

symposium in the United States, which was joined by winegrowers from

across the globe.
After helping to establish the Wine Institute's

Sustainable Winegrowers Alliance, and becoming its first chairman, he

helped introduce the Code of Sustainable Wine Growing.
In 2003 he

memorialized his theory for business as a positive force in his

watershed book titled ``True to Your Roots: Fermenting a Business

Revolution.''
Paul continued to share his commitment to organic, biodynamic, and

regenerative farming as he became Chairman of the Wine Institute in

2006.
Paul would go on to serve as Chairman of the Demeter USA board,

where his influence on winegrowing expanded to international audiences

through the International Biodynamic Wine Conference.
He was the first

wine industry representative on the Regenerative Organic Alliance.
Paul's legacy includes powerful demonstrations of the benefits of

biodynamic principles, including the transformation of a run-down 156-

acre hillside property in rural Mendocino County into the vibrant,

lush, and sustainably farmed Dark Horse Ranch; and the more recent

creation of Truett-Hurst Winery, home to

26 acres of biodynamic certified estate vines, set amid a remarkable

backdrop of a restored creek and riparian areas, home to fish, fowl,

and wildlife.
Mr. Speaker, Paul's passion for biodynamic and organic farming was

rooted in his deep respect for natural cycles, his reverence for the

land, and his belief that agricultural business has responsibility

beyond generating profit to preserving and restoring land.
We

respectfully ask that you join us in extending deep condolences to

Paul's family and many friends, and in expressing our strong

appreciation for Paul's decades of leadership in responsible winemaking

and sustainability.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REV.
DR.
TOMMIE JACKSON, FROM JANUARY 18, 1954 TO JULY 26,

2023

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of a

tremendously impactful leader and my good friend, Stamford's own

Reverend Tommie Jackson.
Dr. Jackson was born in Baltimore, Maryland,

the third of 6 children.
Dr. Jackson was raised in Baltimore City and

was a product of the Baltimore Public School System.
He graduated from

Baltimore City College High School and attended the prestigious

Morehouse University in Georgia.
He later attended the University of

Maryland, Baltimore County, where he met his wife, and life partner,

Dorye Michelle Emory.
Dr. Jackson and Dorye were married in 1977 and shortly after moved to

Houston, Texas where he attended Texas Southern University in pursuit

of his Juris Doctor.
The Jacksons would later return to Baltimore,

Maryland where he completed law school at the University of Maryland

Law School.
Dr. Jackson was enormously proud of his daughters, Erin Marie and

Evinn Leigh.
He answered his first call to Pastorship in 1990, at

Calvary Baptist Church in Chester, Pennsylvania.
While there, Dr.

Jackson, Dorye and his daughters touched the lives of the community.
Dr. Jackson's dedication to God's work then brought him and his family

to Stamford, Connecticut in 1997, where he answered his second calling

to Pastorship at Faith Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church.
For 20 years, Dr. Jackson served as the Pastor of Faith Tabernacle.
During his tenure at Faith, he spearheaded the expansion of his church.
He served the Stamford community with a weekly food bank and held back-

to-school drives to equip children and families with supplies.