For 20 years, Dr. Jackson served as the Pastor of Faith Tabernacle.
During his tenure at Faith, he spearheaded the expansion of his church.
He served the Stamford community with a weekly food bank and held back-

to-school drives to equip children and families with supplies.
Dr.

Jackson was a proponent of education and took the time to mentor and

prepare students in the congregation and in the community for academic

excellence.
Upon completing his doctorate degree at New York

Theological Seminary, he went on to become

part of the faculty, leading, guiding and mentoring aspiring faith

leaders.
Dr. Jackson served as a spiritual advisor and mentor for the

congregation and for the community.
In 2018, Dr. Jackson founded the Rehoboth Followship Church.
He was

diligent in fostering this ministry and created a welcoming place of

worship for all.
He loved his Rehoboth family and was always thinking

of ways to expand the ministry.
I was honored to join Dr. Jackson in his tireless work to bring

together faith leaders, register and empower voters, combat the scourge

of gun violence in our communities, remedy the historic wrongs of our

criminal justice system, and inspire the next generation to seize

opportunities to get an education and improve the world they will soon

enter.
Whenever they needed something good for the community done, they

didn't have to seek out Dr. Jackson.
He was already there, and he

welcomed them with open arms.
Dr. Jackson was a tremendous advocate for

his community, at the local and state level, and I was proud to call

him my friend.
This world has lost a great leader.
I dedicate today to mourning and

remembrance as well as furthering Dr. Jackson's legacy of service and

sacrifice and uplifting those who follow in his path.
May we all be

even half as successful as Dr. Jackson was at leaving the world a

better place than we found it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF WILLIAM DILDAY

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life of William Dilday.
William Dilday was born on September 14, 1937 in Boston,

Massachusetts.
He graduated from the Boston Latin School and received

his B.S. degree in Business Administration from Boston University in

Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1964, Dilday started his career as an operations supervisor at

IBM.
In 1968, Dilday became the personnel administrator and public

relations director at Edgerton, Germehausen, & Grier, Inc. He then

began working at WHDH-TV in Boston as director of personnel in 1969.
Dilday then entered the field of journalism in 1972 as general manager

of WLBT-TV/WLBM-TV in Jackson, Mississippi, as the first African

American general manager of a network affiliate station.
He worked at

WLBT-TV/WLBM-TV until 1984.
As chief operation officer, he led the

station to achieve number one in Nielson and Arbitron ratings from

November 1973 to February 1984.
In 1990, Dilday joined WJTV-TV as general manager and executive vice

president, where he implemented operation and programming plans that

improved station ratings.
After his departure from WJTV, Dilday joined

NewsPress and Gazette as corporate vice president.
Dilday was then

hired as president and chief executive officer of Kerimax

Communications, Inc. Dilday has also spent time as a guest columnist

for the Jackson Clarion-Ledger in Jackson, Mississippi.
Dilday has received numerous awards and recognitions, including the

Peabody Award, the National Mental Health Association Media Award, and

two Iris Awards from the National Association of Television Program

Executives.
In addition to his career in journalism, Dilday has been active in

many organizations and companies.
He has served as a board member for

First American Bank.
Dilday has also been a board member of the

National Association of Television Broadcasters and the National

Broadcasting Company Affiliate Board.