A licensed professional

engineer in Wisconsin and Ohio, he has served and continues to serve on

board and leadership positions at various organizations.
He chaired the

Water Resources Utility of the Future Task Force, which developed the

Water Resources Utility of the Future Blueprint for Action.
He served

as a member of the Utility Advisory Group, where he helped develop

publications on Effective Utility Management related to water and

wastewater utilities, as well as other sustainability efforts.
A

recipient of the NACWA President's Award, Mr. Sigmund is also a Water

Environment Federation, or WEF, fellow.
He has received the WEF William

D. Hatfield Award and the WEF Schroepfer Innovative Facility Design

Medal.
These accolades and awards attest to Mr. Sigmund's dedication to the

clean water industry.
His strong character and visionary leadership

have been instrumental in charting a course for improved water quality,

particularly in Lake Michigan's Green Bay.
I thank Mr. Sigmund for his

commitment to Northeast Wisconsin, and I congratulate him on completing

his service as NACWA president.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING AND HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER MATTHEW HARE

HON.
JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service

of Easley, South Carolina Police Officer, Matthew Hare, who was killed

in the line of duty on August 2, 2023, while saving the life of an

individual suffering from a mental health crisis.
Officer Hare was

driven by a desire to serve his community which led to his pursuing a

career in law enforcement upon graduation from Easley High School.
Officer Hare is survived by his mother, Ashley Hare, in addition to his

brother, Easton Hare.
At only 22 years of age, Officer Hare had just begun his career in

2022 and showed great promise after completing the SC Criminal Justice

Academy.
When not on duty, he loved to be with his family and friends at the

dinner table, outside on their next adventure, or playing the latest

video game.
Despite many hobbies, Officer Hare always found time to

cheer on his favorite football team, the Clemson Tigers.
On August 2, Officer Hare displayed the greatest form of love and act

of service that can be asked of any police officer.
He responded to a

call for an individual who was suffering from a mental health crisis

and was precariously on the train tracks in Easley.
Knowing a train was

coming and committed to saving this person he didn't know, Officer Hare

sacrificed himself to save a member of the community he swore to serve

and protect.
Mr. Speaker, South Carolina's Third District is known for its people

and is home to countless heroes.
I'm honored to recognize Officer

Matthew Hare, a hero who was taken from us far too soon.
Ashley and

Easton will carry the fond memories of Officer Hare in their hearts

forever, and Easley will remember this demonstration of selfless

service.
Officer Hare's final actions truly exemplify John 15:13,

``Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for

his friends.''
Thank Officer Hare for choosing to serve and giving us a

great example of how we ought to love others.
The Easley community

learned this lesson as is evident by the outpouring of support for him

and his family since his passing.
Today, my thoughts and prayers are

with the Hare family and the Easley Police Department as they lay to

rest Officer Hare.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR TAMMY M. EVERETTE TO FORT BLISS

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Command Sergeant

Major Tammy M. Everette to Fort Bliss as the new Commandant of the

Noncommissioned Officer (NCO) Leadership Center of Excellence and

Sergeants Major Academy.
Command Sgt.