The Business Secretary, the Minister and the Chancellor have all said that they want growth, including in rural areas.
I have searched high and low for business growth statistics since the Budget of broken promises, and I find that, in the last quarter, there has been a growth of 50% in the number of businesses that are in critical financial distress.
Why does the Minister think that is?
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that the difficult decisions that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor had to take in the Budget were, interestingly, particularly well explained by her former colleague Kwasi Kwarteng, who made it clear that he thought they had to be taken because of the mistakes that he and the Conservative party had made when they were in government.
What steps he is taking to support manufacturing in the west midlands.
It was a good night for Villa fans last night, so I congratulate anyone in the west midlands who supports the club, as my husband does.
The west midlands, in many ways, leads the country on manufacturing, and it has one of the UK’s largest specialist workforces.
Whether in automotive, aerospace or the rail supply chain, it is an incredibly important area.
We have invested in the west midlands investment zone—Made Smarter, the High Value Manufacturing Catapult; it is all there—but we want to keep breaking down barriers to growth in the area, which is why advanced manufacturing is such a key part of the industrial strategy that we will announce soon.
In Telford and the wider west midlands, we have a strong and proud British manufacturing base, as the Minister has just outlined.
One of the biggest challenges that I hear from businesses is the uneven playing field between us and the rest of the world on pay rates and regulation.
Clearly, no one wants a race to the bottom, so will the Government back British business to ensure that we sell more, make more and do that in the west midlands and in Telford in particular?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we do not want a race to the bottom.
Advanced manufacturing jobs in the west midlands are well paid for a reason: there is a very highly skilled workforce and we want to protect and grow that.
He is right that there is more that we can do.
Some £2 billion was set aside in the Budget for the automative sector and just shy of £1 billion for aerospace.
That will help; however, we can further reduce the barriers, whether around regulation, planning or trading and export, and we are working as fast as we can to do just that.
In Staffordshire and the west midlands, we are the only part of the country that is a net exporter of manufactured goods.
The threat from Trump on  tariffs could have a significant impact on manufacturers right across Staffordshire and the west midlands.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that we will continue to export our world-leading products?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the west midlands is a big exporter to many different countries, including the US and others.
Of course, we will keep talking with the US, as the Secretary of State has been doing, and will ensure that we are standing up for British industry and doing the right thing.
What steps his Department is taking to improve the regulatory environment.
The regulatory environment does not work as well as it should.
Unnecessary red tape is choking competitiveness, creating unnecessary burdens for business and putting up barriers to growth.
That is why we are introducing a Government-wide target to reduce the administrative costs of regulation by 25% by the end of this Parliament.
That will be supported by a baselining exercise to understand the administrative costs of regulation to businesses.
The Prime Minister will set out more details later today.
This is just the beginning; details of our ambitious action plan to reform the regulatory landscape will be set out shortly.
Over eight years and four Prime Ministers, the last Conservative Government commissioned review after review into UK corporate governance and audit reform, and delivered absolutely nothing.
For UK plc to be globally competitive, we need robust corporate governance frameworks which balance the needs of investors and society for information with the administrative burdens on companies.
Will the Minister update the House on what progress his Department is making on bringing forward an audit reform and corporate governance Bill?
As my hon.
Friend is right to recognise, this issue has been around for some time, and the Government have announced their intention to publish a draft audit reform and corporate governance Bill for scrutiny in this Session.
Investors and the public need access to truthful reporting from our most important businesses on their finances and related issues.
My Department continues to progress that important work, and a timetable for the publication of the Bill will be confirmed in the usual way for draft legislation in due course.
Since leaving the European Union, we have been diverging progressively and passively —not making an active decision to diverge because it is good for us, but because we cannot keep up with the number of regulations coming through the European Union.
That has been particularly disadvantageous for energy trading.
What conversations has the Minister had with Government colleagues around aligning with the EU on emissions trading?
That is an important question.
The Minister with responsibility for emissions trading, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) , is in charge of that matter, and it is one of the discussions we are having as part of the EU reset.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
Working across Government, we are determined to revitalise our high streets and support the businesses on them.
We are working with industry to create a fairer business rates system that protects the high street and supports investment.
We have introduced the Crime and Policing Bill, which will give better protection for businesses and retail workers against assault and theft.
Our forthcoming small business strategy will set out our plan for further support for small businesses on the high street and beyond.
From 5 am to 10 pm daily, the Patels’ newsagent, off licence and post office was an Acton staple—until Horizon slapped it with a £123,000 demand, and Mrs Patel had a series of mini-strokes.
Will Ministers look into the fact that their compensation was rejected because Mr Patel was the postmaster, and show their love for high-street heroes everywhere by attending a tea organised by the all-party parliamentary group for ethnic minority business owners on  3 April ?
You are welcome too, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend for raising the case of the Patels.
I am keen that any sub-postmaster who was a victim of the Horizon scandal gets access to the compensation they rightly deserve as quickly as possible.
She will understand that I cannot comment on individual cases, but if she wants to write to me about the specific case, I would be happy to look into it further and to discuss it with her.
There are over 70 pubs across Bromsgrove and the villages.
One of them—the Queens Head—faces a staggering £42,000 annual increase in the cost of business rates and national insurance contributions as a result of choices made by this Government.
That is on top of increasing concerns around a banter ban.
Will the Minister confirm that nobody will be ejected from a pub or hospitality venue for sharing a joke, and will he outline what steps he is taking to support pubs, rather than putting them out of business?
I note in passing that 10,000 pubs closed their doors under the Conservative Government, so I do not think the pub industry is looking to the hon.
Gentleman’s party for guidance going forward.
On the specifics he asked about, he will be aware of our plan for business rates reform, which will help and make a significant difference to many pubs.
On the so-called “banter ban”, I gently suggest that he should not believe everything that he reads in the newspapers.
Pubs and restaurants are part of a thriving high street in Doncaster that is known for its iconic nightlife.
Will the Minister set out what action the Department is taking to support hospitality and ensure that high streets continue to thrive, and may I invite him to Doncaster to see how nightlife is done properly?
I will give careful consideration to my hon.
Friend’s very generous offer.
In answer to  the hon.
Member for Bromsgrove (Bradley Thomas)
I mentioned business rates reform, which could make a significant difference for many businesses in the night-time economy.
Another crucial issue that we want to tackle is the rising crime and antisocial behaviour on our high streets.
As she will know, the Crime and Policing Bill, which is beginning its journey through Parliament, will make a significant difference in that regard.
The high street trader John Lewis Partnership is announcing its annual results today.
It is a highly successful business but this year it will not be paying a dividend to its partners, the workforce, because it has to absorb national insurance costs.
Does the Minister understand the real impact that NI contributions are having on what his party likes to describe as “ordinary working people”?
I say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman and his Conservative colleagues that we had to take the difficult decisions in the Budget to increase employer national insurance contributions because of the mess that their party left the country in.
The shadow Secretary of State for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , helped to write the Liz Truss Budget that did so much damage to our country—we are trying to sort out the mess.
The shadow Secretary of State still has not apologised for his part in that fiasco.
He should take the opportunity to do so during these questions.