The Business Secretary met recently in Japan with Fujitsu, which developed the Horizon system and has offered to contribute to the compensation for victims.
Can the Minister tell the House how much the Secretary of State has asked it to contribute, so that taxpayers are not on the hook for £1 billion?
The hon.
Lady is right to reference the discussions that my right hon.
Friend had with the chief executive officer of Fujitsu.
That company has agreed to begin talks about its contribution to the costs of compensation.
She will understand that we also need to wait for Sir Wyn Williams’ inquiry to conclude, and for his recommendations regarding compensation from Fujitsu to be heard and understood.
I am sure she will also understand that I am not going to give a running commentary on the discussions with Fujitsu, but I welcome the fact that it has agreed to begin talks.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses need a better deal—certainly better than the one they got from the last Government—and our small business strategy, which is due this year, is designed to do that.
We have already provided more support through the British Business Bank; we have worked with the Federation of Small Businesses to take action on issues such as late payment and retail crime; and we have announced the creation of the new business growth service, which aims to transform business support services.
Later today I will attend a small business summit in Sussex to progress those plans and meet small business leaders.
Too many small and medium-sized defence businesses in my community struggle to access the banking and finance facilities they need, often on the basis of self-imposed ethical criteria.
Will the Business Secretary join me in welcoming how many investors and financial institutions have responded to the campaign I am leading with my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  and 100 other Labour parliamentarians, calling on our banks and fund managers to broaden their approach to defence investment?
Will he call on investors to take action so that we can defend our country, support Ukraine, and fire up our industrial base?
I agree 100% with my hon.
Friend and thank her very much for her question.
She will know that my Department, alongside the Treasury and the Ministry of Defence, convened a roundtable in December to listen to these perspectives, and now all three Departments are working together to ensure that the problems she has articulated do not occur.
It is essential that the British people do not think that the substantial, significant and historic investments in defence that this Government are making come in some way at the expense of domestic prosperity.
There is no prosperity without security, but we should also acknowledge the tremendous economic contribution made by our defence sector—there is not a foreign and domestic split in that regard.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her outstanding leadership in galvanising parliamentary support for that campaign, and I hope it will have unanimous agreement in every part of the House.
As the Secretary of State is aware, the ceramics industry, including in my constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South, is facing immense competition from imported counterfeit goods.
Many of those goods contain false backstamps that mislead consumers and—as the GMB union has raised with me—threaten great British companies such as Dunoon, Duchess and many others.
Will the Minister meet me again to discuss in more detail creating offences and tabling regulations to deal with imported counterfeit ceramic goods?
My Department has a very strong relationship with the ceramics sector through the Energy Intensive Users Group.
We have regular meetings with that group, and I would also like to mention the British Ceramic Confederation and our old friend Rob Flello, who is a strong voice for the sector.
There are many challenges for the ceramics sector, not least decarbonisation, but on the subject of consumer protection, it is firmly against UK consumer law for firms—wherever they are located—to give consumers false information, such as through fake product markings.
We have strengthened the regime in this regard, with new enforcement powers for the Competition and Markets Authority coming into force next month, but I will of course get my hon.
Friend any meeting she requires.
A constituent in Chorleywood recently contacted me after needing an emergency locksmith due to a broken key.
Initially quoted £40 over the phone, she was later charged £1,460, and was only given the new key after making that payment.
While I applaud this Government’s ambition to reduce regulation, can we ensure that there is appropriate regulation so that consumers are not unfairly overcharged, as in this instance?
I, too, have heard the kinds of stories that the hon.
Gentleman has articulated—there are definitely concerns in that regard.
Broadly, the Government’s regulation agenda is not necessarily about deregulation, but about effective and proportionate regulation.
I feel that our regulatory sector has grown a lot in recent years, and that it does not always compare well to those of other countries in terms of timeliness and business response.
That is the agenda we are pursuing, but I will certainly write to the hon.
Gentleman about the issues he has raised, which are very relevant.
I appreciate the opportunity to do so and thank him for raising them today.
Many families are supported by the work of my constituents, Alison and Kevin, who run a small care business.
They tell me that they already operate on tight margins in a sector under  huge pressure.
The hike in employer national insurance contributions will force them to make tough decisions on staffing and simply reduce the amount of care they can offer.
Kevin and Alison rightly say that this hike makes no sense at a time when the Government tell us that they want to move to community care provision and get people out of hospitals.
Does the Secretary of State not agree?