If he will take steps to reduce employment regulation for businesses.
The plan to make work pay is central to our plan for change, to grow the economy, raise living standards and create opportunities for all.
It will tackle low pay, poor working conditions and job insecurity, creating long-term growth and investment to support businesses.
Insights gained from our ongoing engagement with businesses will help us ensure proportionate and effective policy.
Our plan to make work pay will ensure a level playing field, so that employers that are trying to do the right thing are not undercut.
I sent a survey about how the Government have treated business to every registered company in the Weald of Kent, and they are terrified.
Some 80% of them—four in five—are less likely to hire following soaring taxes and the truly dire Employment Rights Bill.
The Regulatory Policy Committee found the Government’s own impact assessment for the Bill not fit for purpose.
Will the Minister conduct a proper assessment of the damage the Bill will do, or should I send him mine?
I am always grateful for advice.
If the hon.
Lady is conducting surveys, she might look at the one that said that 76 of her constituents supported the plans in the Bill to bring in day one rights for sick pay.
The importance of this Bill cannot be overstated.
We have a plan to bring businesses up to a standard where work is respected and people have security and dignity.
If the hon.
Lady cannot understand that, then she needs to get out a bit more.
What steps his Department is taking to support trade union recognition in the workplace.
The Government are committed to simplifying the process and law around trade union recognition so that working people have a more meaningful right to organise through trade unions—of course, I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in this respect.
Through the Employment Rights Bill, we are reforming the process for statutory recognition applications; with existing thresholds presenting too high a hurdle in modern workplaces, they are increasingly fragmented.
We are also taking steps to strengthen protections against unfair practices during the recognition process, which we debated at length yesterday.
In January, Bidfood, a food wholesaler and major employer in my constituency, announced overnight that it would derecognise the GMB and Unite the union, removing the ability of thousands of workers across the country to collectively bargain through their trade unions.
The unions fear that Bidfood workers could now be left at risk of fire and rehire before protections in this Government’s Employment Rights Bill come into force.
Does the Minister agree that employers should not be trying to dodge protections under the Government’s plan to make work pay, and will he join me in supporting the GMB and Unite as they seek to protect their workers at Bidfood?
My hon.
Friend will understand that I cannot comment on individual cases, but I am deeply troubled by what he has said.
I can be clear that the Government are determined to reset industrial relations, so that employers and trade unions work together in partnership rather than in conflict, as we have heard.
We encourage all employers to engage with unions in the spirit of co-operation and collaboration.
Working in that way benefits employers and workers alike.
As he knows, the Employment Rights Bill will end the unscrupulous practice of fire and rehire, which has no place in a modern economy and workplace, so if any company is thinking of doing that, it should think again.
I very much welcome the Minister’s response.
After I worked in my mum and dad’s shop, I joined the firm Henry Denny and I was required to join the union.
I was not sure about joining, but when I did so I found out that the union backed me as a worker against the employers whenever they were bringing in things that were wrong.
So I encourage everybody who joins a workforce to join a union, because it will protect them whenever they need help.
The hon.
Member could not have put it better.
He has explained the benefits of trade union membership, which is something that Members on the Conservative Benches clearly do not understand.