How have we got to this point?
After 35 weeks as Trade Secretary, 18 weeks since the US election, and an entire month since steel and aluminium tariffs were first announced, the Secretary of State is only now going to sit down with the Secretary of Commerce of our closest ally.
While he has been correcting his CV, steelworkers and businesses are hurting today.
This is a colossal failure of trade policy on his watch.
Why has it taken so long, and when can we expect an agreement?
The hon.
Gentleman may have not seen the news recently, but the UK, led by our Prime Minister, has had the best engagement of any country with the new US Administration.
Is it not good to see again a British Prime Minister who is respected on the world stage and delivering for Britain?
We have had tremendous engagement with the new US Administration, and I am looking forward to meeting them in person next week.
Once again, no answers come there forth.
Over 1 million jobs in this country depend on trade with the United States, including thousands of jobs in our steel industry.
The Secretary of State does not know when he is going to get a deal.
Will he publish his red lines for that deal, his objectives and what he hopes to achieve from meetings next week?
On steel and aluminium tariffs, the US Administration’s position is that there are no exemptions for anybody—that is across the board.
I think they recognise the very strong case that we have, but that is their position.
No, I will not publish my negotiating red lines before a negotiation.
Frankly, that is the worst advice I have ever heard in the House of Commons.
The Conservative party fell out with the EU, would not deal with China and could not do a deal with India.
It fell out with the United Arab Emirates and could not do a deal with the Gulf.
It got nothing out of the US.
It did deals with Australia and New Zealand, then disowned them.
We will take no lessons from the Conservatives.
Social enterprises contribute 3.4% of GDP, and towns such as Leigh and Atherton benefit greatly from them.
Will the Minister outline what the Department is doing to support social enterprise and co-operatives so they can contribute to the growth agenda in the UK?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the social enterprise sector.
She will know that we are committed to doubling the size of the co-op and mutuals sector.
We recently met the recently launched mutuals and co-op business council to begin working with businesses on our plans to expand the co-op and mutuals sector.
She may also be aware that our social enterprise boost fund is currently spending some £4 million on helping to support social enterprises that are already up and running.