President Trump’s new tariffs are double trouble for Britain’s steel and aluminium suppliers.
They will dent £350 million of sales, but they also risk swamping the UK with over-subsidised Chinese steel diverted from America.
What is the Secretary of State’s game plan now to redouble defences for our UK metal makers?
I am incredibly grateful to the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee for that question.
He is right to say that the challenge here is not just the direct trade we have with the US, but the impact of trade diversion.
He knows we already have 16 anti-dumping, anti-subsidy measures in place against 14 separate product categories.
Once the annual tariff-free quota is hit, a 25% tariff applies to those.
I can tell him and the House today, though, that I will support UK Steel’s application to the Trade Remedies Authority for a review of the steel safeguards—we do have to think about what will be coming—and a new one for the aluminium sectors.
I am sure that Ministers will join me in welcoming the £90 million investment by dairy firm Arla in the plant in my constituency, which will create up to 90 jobs.
Does not that reinforce the fact that agriculture remains at the heart of the rural economy in constituencies such as mine?
Should not the Government be supporting that industry, rather than trying to destroy it?
I can assure the House that we do welcome the investment of which the right hon.
Gentleman speaks.
Speaking on behalf of the constituency of East Lothian, I recognise fully the importance of the rural economy and agriculture’s contribution thereto.
That is why we are in regular dialogue with the NFU and other key stakeholders.
Together with the Startup Coalition, I recently held a roundtable with brilliant local start-ups working out of Future Space at the University of the West of England.
Issues that they have been facing for a long time include accessing the same opportunities and support for growth as larger businesses.
Would the Minister please set out what support his Department will be providing so that our very smallest businesses can thrive too?
One of the big issues that small businesses wanting to scale up face is access to finance.
We are actively working across Government on what else we can do to support businesses to get access to the finance they need, including through the British Business Bank.
In my constituency, a planning moratorium has been in place for more than five years due to water pollution, with an estimated effect on the local construction industry of half a billion pounds, despite the fact that new house building is a minute proportion of the problem.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the Herefordshire construction industry to try to find a solution to this devastating problem?
The frustration that comes across in the hon.
Lady’s question relates to exactly the sort of problem the Government are fixing.
I would be more than happy to work with her and any Secretary of State or Department necessary to unblock that for her.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Department is taking to help increase trade with the Asia Pacific, and in particular the Philippines, where a major local company in my constituency, Beaver Bridges, is hoping to expand and grow significantly, with the trade support of this Government?
I happen to be meeting the Philippine Government next week, although alas in London, not in Manila.
The Department is working hard to agree a Government-to-Government financing framework partnership.
That is just part of the work we have under way.
If I can be of direct assistance to my hon.
Friend and to her local business, I will of course be happy to speak to her.
The invest in women taskforce aims to drive investment in female-powered businesses at every stage.
That includes putting more money in the hands of female investors, as we know that women back women.
Does the Minister agree that one solution to tackling the gender disparity in investment decision-making roles is to set a minimum level of female representation for all investment committees that receive British Business Bank funding?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is a strong correlation between the proportion of women on an investment committee and the proportion of female founders receiving investment.
My Department leads on the investing in women code, whose 270 signatories commit to supporting female entrepreneurship.
One of the key metrics we check is the gender balance on investment committees and investment teams.
I am pleased to say that the code signatories significantly outperform the wider market in their support for female founders.
Investment funds backed by the British Business Bank are expected to sign up to the code and the bank itself is a signatory.
Over 100 jobs have been lost in Falkirk since September due the previous Government’s failure to keep their commitments to the bus manufacturing sector.
We need a plan for bus manufacturing.
Has the Minister engaged with the Department for Transport, the bus manufacturing industry or regional mayors, prior to launching the UK bus manufacturing expert panel?
My hon.
Friend asks a very good question.
I am very pleased that the Department for Transport today launched the new UK bus manufacturing expert panel.
We need to support our bus manufacturing, both for the transition to net zero and for building our businesses in the UK.
I am very happy to work with him on that.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
Monday 17 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill (day one).
Tuesday 18 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill (day two).
Wednesday 19 March —Consideration of Lords amendments to the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions)
Bill, followed by Opposition day (first allotted day, second part).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
Thursday 20 March —General debate on knife crime among children and young people, followed by a general debate on coastal communities.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 21 March —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  24 March  will include: Monday 24 March —Second Reading of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
Tuesday 25 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Great British Energy Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Terrorism (Protection of Premises)
Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Wednesday 26 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will make her spring statement, followed by remaining stages of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Thursday 27 March —General debate on St Patrick’s Day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by general debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 March —Private Members’ Bills.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in recognising and thanking the salvage and nature recovery specialists who are even now scrambling to clear up after the disastrous collision in the North sea.
They say a conservative is a socialist who has been mugged by reality.
If that is so, we are witnessing the extraordinary sight of a Prime Minister who is being visibly mugged by reality in slow motion before our very eyes.
The Government’s brand of socialism started well from their point of view, if disastrously for the country: we had the union pay-offs, the rapid settlement of pay disputes in the public sector—for zero apparent efficiency benefits—and a heavily tax-and-spend Budget.
The Chancellor was even so bold, as Members will  recall, as to announce to the CBI that she would not be raising taxes or increasing debt over the course of the Government.
As she said: “I’m clear…I’m not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes”.
However, the Budget started to unravel almost as soon as it was published.
We had the bizarre sight of a Government who were ever more committed to talking about growth while clubbing growth to death across a variety of sectors: through the national insurance rise and the £5 billion burden of the Employment Rights Bill, of course, but also through their loss of credibility in the markets, which has pushed up gilt yields by 25% since September.
Great British Energy was announced, and did nothing.
The Government made an unsuccessful attempt to claim credit for the achievements of the newly rebranded National Wealth Fund, which had been set up only weeks before.
The system of infrastructure monitoring and planning has been dismantled, and there has been no news for three months on the decision on small modular reactors, which was due on  1 December  or thereabouts.
Can the Leader of the House update the House on when we can expect that decision?
Then President Trump got elected, despite—or perhaps because of—the special SWAT team of Labour activists sent over to campaign for his rival, and then the mugging by reality really began.
The Energy Secretary was forced to pare back his ruinously expensive zero-carbon energy plans; the Prime Minister had to announce his plan for change; the Government were forced to accelerate their defence spending plans in order to address the situation in Ukraine; and so it continues.
This week, we have heard of the Government’s so-called Operation Chainsaw—or should that be butter knife?—to reshape the civil service.
Next week, we will have hasty and almost certainly ill thought through cuts to welfare.
Labour was red under  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) , became a gentle cerise for voters at the general election and, now that reality is setting in, it is a pleasing shade of purple, with more and more patches of blue.
The Prime Minister and the Government are becoming more Conservative by the day.
In sharp contrast, it is the Government’s policy towards rural areas that is most striking.
We have seen the family farm tax and the disproportionate effect on hospices and social care services in rural areas arising from the rise in national insurance.
Now, in the same week, we have seen new compulsory purchase powers to seize farmland and the abrupt and unexpected end of the sustainable farming incentives scheme.
The Government are simultaneously reducing farm incomes, threatening farm holdings and forcing the sale of family farms through their inheritance tax changes.
I am sad to say that even the £35 million allocated by the previous Government to clean up the River Wye—one of the natural glories of this country—has been cut to just £1 million.
The Labour message is clear: do not be a farmer.
Do not feed the country.
Do not give us food security.
Do not work every hour God sends, whatever the weather—we do not care.
The Leader of the House has been very clear that it is her policy not to answer Opposition questions, or even to answer questions about her policy of not answering questions.
She ignored my questions yet again last week, but perhaps she can have a go at these questions now.
Why have the Government taken such a punitive  approach to the countryside?
Are they doing so deliberately, or is it just by accident?
Finally, will she come to visit some farmers in Herefordshire with me so that she can see the actual effect of these policies for herself?
We will throw in some magnificent Shepherds or Rowlestone ice cream, as well, if that will make any difference.
I start by congratulating young carers across the country on their day of action yesterday.
I know the whole House will be as hopeful as everybody else in the country about Ukraine, as talks continue this week and over the weekend.
I am sure we all welcome the resumption of military aid and intelligence sharing between the US and Ukraine.
This really is an important moment for peace in the region and the ball is now firmly in Russia’s court.
The shadow Leader of the House spent most of his speech last week and this week giving a long lecture about why I do not answer his questions while actually failing to ask me very many at all.
We had a couple of small questions today at the end of another diatribe that, as ever, took us through various myths and misinformation.
He will know that this Government had to take some very difficult decisions to deal with an economy that no Government would want to deal with: high and rising debt; stagnant growth; low productivity; low wages; and public services on their knees.
That is why we have had to take some difficult decisions to fix those foundations, but, most importantly, to get that investment back into our public services, as we desire to do.
The shadow Leader of the House again raised the point about national insurance, but I must point out to the House that he was a Treasury Minister when his Government raised national insurance not only on businesses, but on working people as well.
I am sorry to tell him that this Government absolutely back British farmers.
We are doing what we can to support them: we have increased the farming budget to £5 billion over two years, which is far more than the Conservative Government ever did; we have set out a new deal for farmers; and we are investing in our flood defences.
We also have a plan for sustainable food, and he knows better than anybody that the sustainable farming incentive had a capped budget, which his Government did not announce.
They failed to spend any of it, and, given the action that we have taken, it has been oversubscribed in the meantime.
That is why we have closed that fund, but we are setting out a new fund after the spring statement next week.
I might give the shadow Leader of the House an alternative point of view on recent history.
Order Paper aficionados will have noticed that Tuesday marked our 100th sitting day of this parliamentary Session —[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] That is 100 days of boosting our public services, investing in jobs and growth, and reforming the state in favour of people and against vested interest.
That is also 100 days of change and 100 days of putting the Government back in the service of working people.
We have had the most ambitious King’s Speech programme of any incoming Government.
Ten Bills have now received Royal Assent, including: the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Act 2024, ending the scandal of free cash going to failed rail companies;  and the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, ending bonuses for water bosses polluting our waterways.
Very soon, we will have Martyn’s law, keeping the promise that we made to Figen Murray.
And there is more on the way: strengthening renters’ rights; switching on Great British Energy; introducing new powers to tackle phone thefts; seizing off-road bikes; creating respect orders; banning knife sales; and introducing stronger protections against stalking and spiking.
We are unblocking house building and energy infrastructure, which, for too long, has stalled.
Yesterday, we completed our Commons stages of the Employment Rights Bill, giving people dignity and security in work.
And that is just a few of the things that we have done.
Beyond that, we are fixing the big problems that the country faces: with waiting lists finally coming down; more GP appointments; breakfast clubs in school; a 25% increase in returns of people with no right to be here; more affordable housing and restricting the right to buy; finally getting rid of hereditary peers and cracking down on MPs’ second jobs; and the biggest devolution of powers in a generation.
And that is just a snapshot of those 100 days.
Mr Speaker, you will be pleased to know that, in that time, we have made 115 statements to this place, because, like you, I respect the House of Commons and I respect that we make announcements here first.
But what a contrast to the previous Conservative Government.
They had to be dragged here to make statements.
Their last King’s Speech was threadbare.
The pinnacle of their ambition was to ban pedicabs in London, and they are not doing much better now, are they Mr Speaker?
Hardly any of them turn up to debates.
They are barely here for PMQs, although I do not blame them for that.
They were a zombie Government, and is not the truth that they are a zombie Opposition now?
I recently met my constituent, Becky, who is profoundly disabled after her mother was given Primodos, a hormone-based pregnancy test that was popular in the ’60s and ’70s and taken by roughly 1.5 million pregnant women.
It was directly linked to miscarriages and severe birth defects in a study commissioned by the University of Oxford in 2018.
Will my right hon.
Friend make time for a full debate on this scandal, or join me in calling for a full public inquiry?