Yesterday, the owner of the hugely popular Rumsey’s, which is celebrating 21 years on Wendover high street in my constituency, emailed me to say: “We estimate the changes coming in April will add 15% to our staff costs that we simply don’t have.
Therefore we have had to sadly make redundancies, put in a recruitment freeze and implement staff hour cuts to offset this.”
With real-world testimony like that replicated up and down the country, will the Minister finally acknowledge that an urgent change of course is needed to support high streets, scrap the employer NI rise, save jobs and protect communities?
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that it would be interesting to know whether he now regrets the enthusiastic support he gave the Liz Truss Budget, which did so much damage to our country’s public finances.
Our Budget in October last year started the process of sorting out those situations.
I looked with interest at his website recently, which has a “My plan” section.
It is completely blank.
Although that is probably better given that he so strongly supported the Liz Truss Budget—there is at least a bit of progress.
Well, that was no answer to my question whatsoever.
It is almost as if Labour Members have not realised that they are in charge and that it is their decisions that are having this impact.
Let me tell the Minister something else that Rumsey’s reported to me: “The reduction in business rate relief will leave me no choice but to raise prices simply to break even, further limiting growth and accessibility for customers.”
I just do not know how much more the Minister needs to hear to understand the scale of the problem on our high streets.
He talks of business rates reform, but the only business rate change we have seen is the devastating cut to business rates relief, which is hurting high streets now.
Will he reverse it?
Had the hon.
Gentleman’s party been elected, retail, hospitality and leisure relief would have come to an end.
We have extended retail, hospitality and leisure relief.
We have set out in the Budget our plans to permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties on the high street from 2026-27.
We are taking measures to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour on the high street, which his party could have done more to tackle but chose not to.
We are bringing in new legislation to end the immunity for crime on the high street where shoplifters steal goods worth £200 or less, and we are creating a specific offence of violence against retail workers to try to make it easier for businesses operating on the high street.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the national minimum wage and national living wage on families in Airdrie and Shotts constituency.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the national minimum wage and national living wage on families.
More than 3 million workers are expected to receive a pay rise due to increases to the national minimum wage in April, protecting the lowest paid in society.
After our changes to the remit, we accepted in full the recommendations of the Low Pay Commission, which considers the impact of rates on business, competitiveness, the labour market, the wider economy and the cost of living.
Our impact assessments are available only by region—estimates by constituency are not available—but the simple truth is that workers in every constituency are better off under this Labour Government.