Last Friday, I spent the day visiting local shopkeepers in Kelso, many of whom employ their staff on the national minimum wage and the national living wage.
Their biggest pressure just now is dealing with this Labour Government’s national insurance hike.
They are facing a very difficult choice about whether they continue to employ people.
What is the message from the Minister to those hard-working local shopkeepers?
The thing I would cite most of all to the hon.
Member’s constituents is the doubling of the employment allowance in the Budget and the threshold being removed, which means that some smaller businesses will actually be paying lower national insurance contributions than they would have paid before the Budget.
However, I never shy away from the fact that the choices we had to make in the Budget were out of necessity, due to the black hole that was left behind.
I am yet to hear any offer from Conservative Members as to how they would fill it.
At these questions, we will talk about tripling compensation for victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal only because the money is there.
It was not there under the Conservative party.
We will talk about money for the steel industry, standing behind that industry.
Again, money was promised but not delivered.
If promises are made, the resources to do those things have to be there.
They were not there under the Conservative party.
They are under Labour.
Whether it be the increase in the minimum wage, the increase in employer national insurance, the increase in business rates, or indeed the changes made to the Employment Rights Bill, all of these measures collectively are negatively penalising many businesses across my constituency, whether in Keighley, Ilkley or further afield.
As a result, redundancies are having to be made, or the price of products and services are having to increase, and these businesses cannot absorb the additional increase that this Labour Government are putting on them.
Did the Government undertake any economic impact assessment of what all of these measures collectively would have on hard-working businesses across my constituency?
As I have said to Conservative Members before, of course we are very sensitive to the aggregate impact of Government policy, because, frankly, having observed the Conservative Governments of the previous 14 years, I thought they completely missed this point and at many times had different Departments doing completely opposing things.
I want to say something specific on business rates.
No business rates relief was planned had the Conservative party won the election.
The reduction to 40% was an increase in what was in the national accounts—again, short-term decisions for short-term, partisan, political benefit; no serious plan for the future.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen the figures from the Insolvency Service this week, which are very interesting.
They show that fewer people have been made redundant over the past 12 months than in the year before, so I am afraid that the doom-mongers of the Conservative party have been proved absolutely wrong by the statistics that we have.
What steps his Department is taking to help microbusinesses comply with the general product safety regulations.
The Government are committed to supporting microbusinesses to comply with the general product safety regulation.
For Northern Ireland, we have published additional guidance for businesses, and we will publish an update in the coming weeks, in the light of feedback we have received.
We will continue to engage with businesses to ensure that they can trade freely across the UK.
Businesses targeting the EU market may use the Government’s export support service.
Since October 2024, the Department’s export academy has delivered eight free online GPSR training sessions to almost 5,000 attendees.