On his question about  8 April , which is just before recess, I am not in a position to announce future business, but I will look very kindly on his request.
I was delighted to meet my constituent Amy Scullard at the Pebble Brook Community Cafe last week.
Amy helps run a peer support group in Aylesbury for parents and parents-to-be who are struggling with their mental health, as so many people do.
Amy is an absolute inspiration and I look forward to joining her group in future.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the vital role that such mental health support groups play and will she continue to ensure that mental health gets the attention that it deserves in Parliament?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking all those who run the Pebble Brook Community Cafe and all the vital work that they do.
Perinatal mental health is a really important issue that people have come to know about more in recent years.
I am a long-standing supporter  of the first 1,001 days campaign and the importance that that brings.
That is why we are so focused on the early years and some of the issues that my hon.
Friend raises and I think that would make an excellent topic for a Westminster Hall debate.
As a believer in parliamentary democracy, I fully support the Government’s right not to exploit shale gas deposits in the UK on environmental grounds.
However, may we have an urgent statement from the appropriate net zero Minister on the Government’s decision from next week to start filling in and putting permanently beyond use the two existing shale gas facilities in this country, rather than keeping them in reserve for an emergency should a future Government ever need to exploit them?
May I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for agreeing with the Government that we should not exploit fracking?
That was in our manifesto and we are committed to not doing fracking.
I will ensure that Ministers update him on those matters, as they have been doing, coming regularly to the House.
We have had a number of statements from Ministers from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, who are keen to update the House as and when.
However, I will ensure the right hon.
Gentleman is updated on that particular issue.
The prolonged time that the Disclosure and Barring Service takes to check the many applicants for work in vital public services in education, health and social care is impacting tens of thousands of people across the UK.
Indeed, many applicants have had offers of work retracted due to the significant delays they have experienced.
Will the Leader of the House allow a debate in Government time to address that critical issue?
DBS checks are an important part of many public service jobs, and it is disappointing to hear of the delays that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have faced.
In fact, those delays have been raised with me previously.
Ministers are keen to hold the DBS to account where standards are not being met, so I will raise the matter with Ministers.
My hon.
Friend should be aware that, in some circumstances, his constituents can request a hardship escalation where the delay is affecting job applications.
May we have an early debate in Government time on the ending of the radio teleswitch, upon which many people who rely on electric heating and storage heating depend?
It was last debated in an Adjournment debate on  4 December .
That spawned a ministerial roundtable on  5 February , which promised further updates, but none have been forthcoming.
With just over 100 days to go, it would be good to know that there is a sense of urgency in Government.
I strongly hear what the right hon.
Member says about the impending deadline, and I am sorry if this House has not been kept as up to date as it should have been.
I will make inquiries and ensure that he and the rest of the House are kept updated.
In recent weeks, many of my constituents have shared their concern about the Consett Empire reducing its opening hours.
The Empire is a real cultural centre of the community that makes arts accessible to local people and provides a hub to help combat loneliness.
I continue to speak with officers, staff and trade unions about the Empire, but can we have a debate in Government time on what we can do to ensure that venues like the Consett Empire stay open and thrive?
I am sorry to hear what is happening to the Consett Empire in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I agree with her that music venues and cultural hubs like that are vital to our high streets, communities and the cultural offer that we all want to see.
The Government are committed to ensuring that we maintain such assets, but I will ensure that she gets an update on this particular issue.
I am concerned that the Department for Work and Pensions has confirmed that there is a backlog of more than 30,000 pension credit claims still to process.
That is in spite of assurances from the Minister in October that 352 extra staff had been deployed at the point of the Chancellor’s announcement to scrap the winter fuel payment.
A further 537 staff followed that announcement, and in January it was announced that another 156 staff would be recruited.
By my calculation, that is 1,045 staff and the backlog still remains.
Will the Leader of the House make Government time for a debate or statement so that we can understand what is going on with the backlog?
I am concerned that pensioners are still waiting for pension credit and winter fuel payments at a time when they desperately need them—the winter is still not over.
The right hon.
Member will know that we saw an 81% increase in claims, and the latest statistics show a 64% increase in successful pension credit applications, which I am sure is something she will welcome.
We have deployed an additional 500 staff to process applications, and there has been a huge increase there, which is to be welcomed.
She will know that for any successful application, the moneys will be backdated to the day the person applied for it, so they will get that, but I will ensure that the House is kept up to date.
May I, too, wish a very happy Holi to all the Hindus celebrating in the UK and across the world tomorrow?
An issue that is personal to me and to many of my constituents is Parkinson’s, and World Parkinson’s Day takes place on  11 April  every year.
I pay tribute to Parkinson’s UK for all it does to support people with Parkinson’s.
Research suggests that personal independence payment assessors do not have sufficient understanding of the fluctuations in symptoms that people with Parkinson’s experience.
Consequently, people with Parkinson’s are denied much-needed support.
In fact, in almost every instance in which Parkinson’s UK’s expert social security advisers have assisted a member of the Parkinson’s community to challenge an initial PIP decision, it has been overturned in the claimant’s favour.
As such, can we have a debate in Government time on supporting people living with Parkinson’s and other degenerative conditions, and about the social security support available to them?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking Parkinson’s UK for its work.
He is absolutely right.
I am sure that every single one of us will, as constituency MPs, recognise the challenges for PIP assessors in properly assessing those with fluctuating and chronic illnesses.
It is vital that those assessing access to benefits have the necessary training and understanding of chronic conditions such as Parkinson’s.
I will ensure that Ministers keep him and the House updated on that.
Dundee University in my constituency has one of the world’s leading life sciences departments, but it faces a significant deficit that is being compounded by nearly £3 million of employer national insurance contributions.
May we have a statement from a Treasury Minister as soon as possible, and might a pause be put in place for establishments facing serious financial difficulties that will be seriously compounded by the rise in employer national insurance contributions?
I am sorry to hear about the difficulties faced by the university in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
As he will have heard me say earlier, these are not decisions that any Government want to come in and make, but we have had to deal with the inheritance we found ourselves with and ensure that we get vital investment into our public services, particularly the NHS, which we found completely on its knees with such high waiting lists.
The university, life sciences and research sectors have had very good settlements in Budgets over recent years, and they are expected to fund the national insurance rise from within their own budgets.
I will ensure that he is kept updated.
The Canal & River Trust manages 2,000 miles of waterway, including nearly 500 miles in the north-west.
I recently met the trust and its dedicated volunteers, who highlighted confusion about ownership and funding difficulties.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking that organisation, and does she agree that a debate on that important part of our heritage would give it the focus that it deserves?
I absolutely recognise what my hon.
Friend describes.
I recently met the Canal & River Trust.
I am not sure whether there is a canal that connects her constituency to mine, but I could definitely get on a barge and go from my constituency to hers— And mine.
And to yours, too, Mr Speaker—we are very well connected in our region in that regard.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: canals not only provide the blue space that many of our towns and city centres need, but offer tourist attractions and many other assets.
We should support the work of the Canal & River Trust.
Many valued public servants work at Porton Down in my constituency.
It was home to the Health Protection Agency when I first became an MP, then to Public Health England and then the UK Health Security Agency.
In 2015, the decision was made to establish a new facility in Essex.
I have been applying and will continue to apply for an Adjournment  debate, but we could really do with a statement from a Health Minister on the future of the UK Health Security Agency, which is a vital facility for this country.
My constituents need to know what is happening with it.
I am sorry that the right hon.
Gentleman has not yet been successful in applying for an Adjournment debate, but  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , who chairs the Backbench Business Committee, and Mr Speaker are both in their places and have, I am sure, heard his plea.
The future of the UK Health Security Agency, which does great work, is of national importance.
I will ensure that he gets an update at the earliest opportunity.
I am honoured to be called after  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) .
I thank the Leader of the House for mentioning Young Carers Action Day, which was yesterday.
The hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Alison Bennett)  and I took an open-top bus tour with some young carers and got hailed on.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating my constituent Danielle, who won a prize in the national Show Racism the Red Card poetry competition for her poem “Like a Butterfly”, and does my right hon.
Friend recognise the importance of creative writing in breaking down barriers and challenging division?
Absolutely, I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Danielle on writing an award-winning poem and all the young carers in his constituency and beyond.
I heard on the radio this morning that AI thinks it can now do creative writing for all of us, but I am sure it cannot beat Danielle and the creative writing endeavours of young people.
Earlier this week, I had a meeting with the UK Chamber of Shipping.
Coincidentally, it was the day of the incident in the North sea, so obviously we discussed that, but the main point of the meeting was to discuss the impact of shipping on the UK economy and my constituency in particular.
May we have a debate in Government time on the importance of the shipping sector to the UK economy?
The hon.
Gentleman’s constituents and others will have been affected by the events in the North sea this week.
As a great island nation, shipping is vital to the economy of this country, to our trade and to our standing.
I am sure that Ministers would be happy to update the House regularly on these matters.
I have been working for several months to help a number of my constituents get the wheelchairs they need to have good-quality, independent lives.
While I understand that it is the role of integrated care boards to deliver equality of service, the problem is much more widespread.
The Wheelchair Alliance recommends that NHS England plays a more active role in ensuring that ICBs prioritise wheelchair services and dedicate sufficient resources to them.
Will the Minister allow time to debate the many challenges people experience regarding wheelchair provision?
I am sure we can all recognise the frustrations that many people have with wheelchair provision.
My hon.
Friend is right: there is still far too much variation, including regional variation, in the quality and provision of NHS wheelchairs.
A new wheelchair quality framework is soon to be published by NHS England, and I will ensure that she and the rest of the House are updated on that.
My constituent Jennifer, an American citizen, came here in 2018 on a spousal visa, which was renewed in 2022.
She applied for indefinite leave to remain in May last year.
The Government website says: “you’ll usually be told whether your application has been successful within 6 months.”
It has been 10 months.
Jennifer’s now expired visa has given her employer concerns about her right to work, and that financial uncertainty is exacerbated by the fact that she cannot be added to the couple’s mortgage, which affects the works they need to do on their home.
Jennifer has tried and I have tried, so I wonder whether the Leader of the House could try to raise this case with her colleagues in the Home Office to see what has happened, get it sorted and reduce the stress that this delay is causing Jennifer and her family.
I am sorry to hear of the frustrating experience that the hon.
Lady and Jennifer have had.
The hon.
Lady will know that there has been a backlog in these cases.
We have put in place extra caseworkers and are dealing with the backlog as quickly as we can.
As ever, I would be happy to raise this case and see whether I can expedite an answer.
In my 2025 Cramlington and Killingworth priorities survey, residents consistently raised antisocial behaviour and off-road bikes.
The measures in the Crime and Policing Bill will send a strong message that this behaviour will no longer be tolerated, but can we have a debate on the action this Government are taking to tackle the issue and ensure that the police have the powers and resources they need to remove these menacing bikes from our streets?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Like her, I welcome the measures in the Crime and Policing Bill, which had its Second Reading earlier this week.
The powers we are giving the police to seize and crush these menacing off-road bikes, quad bikes and others is probably one of the most popular things this Government have done in recent weeks among my constituents.
She is right: we need to make sure that once the new powers are given, the police have the resources and can operationalise their intention.