Small businesses are the backbone of the British economy.
Up and down the country, we have success stories of innovative start-ups and family-run businesses that should be part of the Government’s plan to get Britain growing again.
Under the Conservatives, the number of small businesses in my constituency decreased by 360 between 2021 and 2024.
The Tories messed up our national and local economy.
Is the Minister concerned that his Government’s national insurance rises will damage the economy, just as the Conservatives did?
If we were listing the difficult things that small businesses had to deal with in the previous 14 years, we would be here for most of the day and the weekend, if we are being honest.
Whether it is how the Conservatives handled Brexit, the mini-Budget or austerity, we could go on and on.
I say to the hon.
Member that we are not casual about what we have had to ask of business because of the unenviable situation we inherited, but the fundamentals of the UK are incredibly strong in political stability and openness to the world, and we have the changes we are making to planning, skills, regulation and energy to make sure we are delivering.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on small and medium-sized enterprises.
The Treasury published a tax information and impact note in November 2024, alongside the introduction of the Bill containing the employer national insurance contribution changes.
It sets out the impact of the policy on the Exchequer and the impacts on business, and that approach is consistent with previous tax changes.
The impact I hear from SMEs in my constituency, predominantly in the visitor economy, is that they are anticipating cutting the hours of part-time staff or laying them off and reducing the number of seasonal employees that they will take on.
Will the Minister take those concerns seriously and work with Ministers in the Scottish Government to ensure that the legitimate concerns of SMEs in my constituency do not blossom into a full blown crisis of confidence?
I am always happy to work with the Scottish Government and other devolved Governments on how we can improve the business environment.
I am sure the right hon.
Member will join me in encouraging the Government in Scotland to mirror the changes we have made to business rates relief.
Given the sizeable increase in the Scottish budget, it is somewhat surprising that the SNP has not been willing to support the retail sector through an extension of retail hospitality relief.
What steps he is taking to help increase levels of international investment in Scotland.
The Government are committed to supporting investment in Scotland in line with our growth mission.
The Prime Minister recently announced that the National Wealth Fund will provide £200 million of investment in new opportunities in Grangemouth in particular.
That announcement came alongside the recently announced £55 million grant for the Port of Cromarty Firth, the two investment zones receiving £80 million over the next five years and our expanded Office for Investment.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
The National Wealth Fund has recently invested £43.5 million in Pulpex Ltd to construct a sustainable packaging facility near Glasgow, which is a welcome move and will support jobs and growth.
What further measures are planned to attract similar green industry investments in communities such as my own in North Lanarkshire, which has Scotland’s fastest-growing economy?
My hon.
Friend is a tireless advocate for the communities of Coatbridge and Bellshill.
I can assure him that the National Wealth Fund’s strategic partnerships trial will see each local authority within the Glasgow city region, including North Lanarkshire, being invited to submit project proposals, including for projects focused on, I hesitate to say, green jobs in Coatbridge.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My Department works night and day to deliver our plan for change by making Britain the best place to invest, work and do business.
This Government  have provided political stability and openness to the world, and we are continually improving the business environment.
Since the last Business and Trade questions, we have published a new steer for the Competition and Markets Authority so that it has growth and investment in mind, and more pro-business regulatory reforms will follow.
In Delhi last month, I relaunched our trade negotiations with India, and I have just returned from Tokyo, where the Foreign Secretary and I announced a first-of-its-kind industrial strategy partnership with Japan.
We are also ensuring that our “make work pay” reforms deliver for businesses and workers.
Finally, we have engaged closely with the new US Administration, including Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick and the new US trade representative, Jamieson Greer.
The new US trade policy is challenging, but we believe that our decision to engage and seek potential agreement on a new economic deal between the UK and the US offers us an opportunity to ensure that the UK is the best-connected market in the world.
Businesses across Beaconsfield, Marlow and the south Bucks villages are facing crippling costs from the Government’s national insurance tax raid and the Employment Rights Bill.
Can the Secretary of State reassure or advise my businesses?
Should they stop hiring, cut staff, increase prices, or all of the above?
I would say that businesses in the hon.
Lady’s constituency should contact their local Conservative MP and say, “What was your plan?”
because I think we have had three oral question sessions where this has broadly been the only thing that the Conservatives have to say.
I genuinely want to know: what was the plan to pay for Post Office compensation?
What was the plan to pay for the steel industry?
When the Conservatives commissioned the public sector pay bodies with the remit that they were given, got the findings back, hid them and did not tell the British people during the general election campaign, what was the plan?
How would they have reconciled that?
The small business leaders, and businesses of every size, in the hon.
Lady’s constituency know how to make difficult decisions.
What— Order.
Look, this is getting ridiculous.
We are on topicals, and that is the worst example I have seen of an answer to a topical.
The south-west has a huge number of innovative start-up and scale-up businesses, but we attract only about 3% of private equity and venture capital funding per year.
What is the Department doing to ensure that foreign direct investors are aware of, and have access to, the fantastic business infrastructure opportunities that we have in Exeter and across the south-west?
I saw many incredible businesses when I went to the Exeter business park last year.
When I was in Saudi Arabia in January, I was with a range of businesses that were promoting investment, including many from the south-west.
There is more that we can do, but there are some brilliant people there who are doing brilliant things.
I think we can go further, and I am certainly very happy to work with my hon.
Friend on that.