JUNE 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SR-232A 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense To hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Agency.
SVC-217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SR-232A Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine making Wall Street pay its fair share, focusing on raising revenue and strengthening our economy.
SD-608 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, focusing on supporting efforts to meet the needs of youth, workers, and employers.
SD-562 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine combatting the youth vaping epidemic by enhancing enforcement against illegal ecigarettes.
SD-106 10:15 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SH-216 10:45 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower Business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SH-216 11:15 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SR-232A 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Federal Courts, Oversight, Agency Action, and Federal Rights To hold hearings to examine abortion bans and interstate travel for care after Dobbs.
SD-226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025.
SR-222 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 2156, to amend the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act to authorize additional entities to be eligible to complete the maintenance work on Bolts Ditch and the Bolts Ditch Headgate within the Holy Cross Wilderness, Colorado, S. 3123, to provide for the standardization, consolidation, and publication of data relating to public outdoor recreational use of Federal waterways among Federal land and water management agencies, S. 3148, to prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior to finalize and implement certain travel management plans in the State of Utah, S. 3322, to allow holders of certain grazing permits to make minor range improvements and to require that the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior respond to requests for range improvements within 30 days, S. 3346, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain streams in the greater Yellowstone ecosystem and Smith River system in the State of Montana as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3593, to provide for economic development and conservation in Washoe County, Nevada, S. 3596, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to amend references of gilsonite to asphaltite, S. 3617, to provide equitable treatment for the people of the Village Corporation established for the Native Village of Saxman, Alaska, S. 3790, to make additional Federal public land available for selection under the Alaska Native Vietnam era veterans land allotment program, S. 3870, to amend the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to expand eligibility for certain financial assistance for the acquisition of slip-on tanker units for wildland firefighting, S. 3985, to amend the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 to add certain land to the Sarvis Creek Wilderness, S. 4310, to exchange non-Federal land held by the Chugach Alaska Corporation for certain Federal Land in the Chugach Region, S. 4424, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to encourage and expand the use of prescribed fire on land managed by the Department of the interior or the Forest Service, with an emphasis on units of the National Forest System in the western United States, to acknowledge and support the longstanding use of cultural burning by Tribes and Indigenous practitioners, S. 4431, to reinstate the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 4432, to allow certain Federal minerals to be mined consistent with the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 4449, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain river segments in the State of Oregon as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 4451, to require the Secretary of the Interior to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to carry out a study on reservation systems for Federal land, S. 4454, to provide for the establishment of an Operational Flexibility Grazing Management Program on land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, S. 4456, to amend the Granger-Thye Act to modify the maximum term for certain special use permits for housing, and S. 4457, to provide for conservation and economic development in the State of Nevada.
SD-366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety To hold hearings to examine building our critical minerals workforce.
SD-562 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2908, to assist Tribal governments in the management of buffalo and buffalo habitat and the reestablishment of buffalo on Indian land, S. 3263, to reaffirm the applicability of the Indian Reorganization Act to the Poarch Band of Creek Indians, S. 4000, to reaffirm the applicability of the Indian Reorganization Act to the Lytton Rancheria of California, and S. 4442, to amend the Crow Tribe Water Rights Settlement Act of 2010 to make improvements to that Act.
SD-628 3 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the boom in U.S. manufacturing investment.
SD-G50