During his tenure as head coach, Bradley held a 267-227-66 record

with seven NCAA tournament appearances, the highest for any coach in

Bradley University Athletics history.
Jim finishes his career as the

second-winningest coach in Missouri Valley Conference soccer history

and coached the only four-year all-Americans in MVC men's soccer

history.
In addition to his accomplishments on the pitch, the accomplishments

of his players in the classroom and post-graduation are a testament to

his ability to grow his players into successful young men.
Six former

assistant coaches have gone on to become NCAA Division I head coaches,

sixteen players have been selected for all-American academic awards,

and nine have been selected in the Major League Soccer SuperDraft.
Jim has been an integral part of growing the game of soccer

throughout central Illinois and his legacy will last for years to come.
It is my privilege to congratulate Jim DeRose on his retirement after

28 years with Bradley University Men's Soccer and wish him, his wife

Robin, and his two children, Raleigh and J.R., all the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BUSINESS UNINTERRUPTED MONETARY PROGRAM ACT

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Business

Uninterrupted Monetary Program Act of 2023 (BUMP Act).
This crucial

piece of legislation provides essential funding to businesses and

nonprofits that have been directly and measurably fInancially impacted

by major transportation projects, with the goal of keeping them

solvent.
With major transit and highway projects planned across the country,

the livelihoods and survival of some local businesses may be at risk

because of construction disruptions that impede customers' access to

their store fronts.
In my own district, on the heels of closures caused by the COVID

pandemic, a major transit project prevented customers from accessing

stores in downtown Santa Ana, CA for months.
Many of those businesses

struggled to pay their rent and utility bills, pay for their inventory,

and some had to close permanently as a result.
Efforts to help the

businesses, such as signage, failed.
What they needed were financial

resources.
What happened in my district can happen anywhere in America,

in any downtown.
We can and need to do more to minimize the economic

damage inflicted on local businesses from projects that receive federal

transportation monies.
The legislation will require local sponsors to create a BUMP fund

that provides financial assistance for local entities that will

experience a measurable interruption causing negative financial impact

from the project.
The fund can cover utilities, insurance, rent or

mortgage, payroll, loss of income, and any other expense that the

sponsor determines is needed for the impacted businesses.
Importantly,

the local sponsors who know the local community and best understand the

impacts of the project create and manage the BUMP fund.
The local

sponsor further determines how much to contribute to the fund, how the

fund is structured, which entities are eligible for funding, and what

type of expenses should be covered.
The requirement to create a BUMP fund only applies to highway

projects with a total cost equal or greater than $50 million and

transit projects with a total cost equal or greater to $100 million

with measurable negative financial impacts on local businesses and

nonprofits.
The bill also creates a one-time grant opportunity for

businesses and nonprofits that are currently struggling financially

from an interruption created by a major transportation project.
It is important to America's economy that local businesses can

continue to serve our communities after completion of transportation

projects.
I am introducing this legislation to make sure no other

business is forced to face financial turmoil or close due to an

interruption caused by a major transportation project.