Title: COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF FLORENCE "FROSTY" TAYLOR; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
187

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF FLORENCE ``FROSTY'' TAYLOR

HON.
PAUL A. GOSAR

Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of a

fellow patriot and beloved editor of the Republican Briefs, Mrs.

Florence ``Frosty'' Taylor.
Two weeks ago, Arizona lost a dear friend.
With two beautiful

children, two grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and a husband

of 68 years, Frosty lived a life full of love, service, and passion for

adventure.
She would never lie idle when there was more work to be done

for our country.
Born on April 7, 1937, Frosty grew up on her grandfather's cattle

ranch in South Dakota and married her high school sweetheart.
In 1964,

she won the Mrs. Nebraska pageant and subsequently embarked on a career

in public media.
Beginning as a columnist, she quickly advanced to the

position of editor and earned the titles of first female reporter to

ride in a Phoenix Police helicopter and honorary Phoenix firefighter.
After great success in the media industry, Frosty worked in the

Arizona Attorney General's office and the Arizona Game and Fish

Department Heritage Fund.
But Frosty's true service was performed within her community.
She

served as President of the Wickenburg Republican Club and was one of

her district's precinct committeewomen and state committeeman, while

reporting Arizona news as editor of the Republican Briefs, a role from

which she retired only this past August.
She had a thirst for knowledge, but not for her own benefit.
Whether

it was working for the media or humbly publishing a 500-page family

cookbook, Frosty strived to share all she learned with others.
Every time we met, she amazed me.
She knew politics through and

through, from the local to the national level.
If you visit the

Republican Briefs website, you will find countless testimonies to

Frosty's advocacy on behalf of Arizonan Conservatives.
On November 4, 2023, Frosty passed away at the vivacious age of 86.
Although this is a time of mourning, her life and legacy will be

celebrated for years to come.
She will be remembered as a woman of principle, but most of all, a

long-time supporter and friend of mine.
When you have a friend in

Frosty, you have a friend indeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF BRADLEY UNIVERSITY'S MEN'S SOCCER HEAD COACH

JIM DEROSE

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Jim

DeRose on his retirement as Bradley University's Men's Soccer Coach

after 28 successful seasons.
Beginning his career in 1996 at the age of 28 as the youngest coach

in NCAA Division I men's soccer, Jim quickly emerged as a dominant

figure in the soccer community.
Jim guided the Braves to the regular-

season Missouri Valley Conference title in 1998, followed by the

program's first NCAA Tournament appearance in 2000.
Under Jim's

leadership, Bradley's soccer program reached new heights and resulted

in a 2007 run to the NCAA Elite Eight, where Jim was chosen as the

Soccer America National Coach of the Year.
Jim's record speaks volumes of his commitment and dedication to the

game.
During his tenure as head coach, Bradley held a 267-227-66 record

with seven NCAA tournament appearances, the highest for any coach in

Bradley University Athletics history.
Jim finishes his career as the

second-winningest coach in Missouri Valley Conference soccer history

and coached the only four-year all-Americans in MVC men's soccer

history.
In addition to his accomplishments on the pitch, the accomplishments

of his players in the classroom and post-graduation are a testament to

his ability to grow his players into successful young men.