The bill also creates a one-time grant opportunity for

businesses and nonprofits that are currently struggling financially

from an interruption created by a major transportation project.
It is important to America's economy that local businesses can

continue to serve our communities after completion of transportation

projects.
I am introducing this legislation to make sure no other

business is forced to face financial turmoil or close due to an

interruption caused by a major transportation project.
I hope my

colleagues will join me in supporting this crucial initiative, allowing

our Nation's vibrant local economies to stay afloat during the

construction of major infrastructure projects and reap the benefits of

these transit and highway projects upon their completion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD FEDERAL

EMPLOYEE LEAVE FAIRNESS ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

National Guard Federal Employee Leave Fairness Act, which would

prohibit the Department of Defense (DOD) from recouping pay from

District of Columbia National Guard (DCNG) members who

are federal civilian employees or District of Columbia employees and

took encampment leave.
The DOD claims these employees were not entitled

to encampment leave without a loss of pay.
While I disagree with the

DOD's interpretation, I am introducing this bill to resolve this

matter.
Congress partially addressed this matter in the National Defense

Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (NDAA) by adopting my amendment

that effectively prohibited the DOD from recouping pay for encampment

leave taken by DCNG members after the enactment of the NDAA.
That

amendment, however, did not apply to encampment leave taken before the

enactment of the NDAA because of budget rules.
In 1899, Congress codified in the D.C. Code the original authority

for entitlement to leave when federal civilian employees were mobilized

by the DCNG.
In 1968, that authority was moved into 5 U.S.C. Sec.
6323.
In that same year, Congress authorized two additional leave

entitlements in 5 U.S.C. Sec.
6323, as well as established a salary

offset provision in 5 U.S.C. Sec.
5519 referencing those two additional

leave entitlements.
However, because the U.S. Code had not been updated

to include the earlier DCNG authority, the U.S. Code contained a

duplicate subsection, one referring to DCNG mobilizations and one to a

general leave entitlement for the National Guard and Reserves.
Based on this legislative drafting error, the DOD has sometimes

attempted to apply a salary offset to DCNG members who are federal

employees and took encampment leave, and the DOD has indicated it will

do so again soon.
The Government Accountability Office (GAO), has said

that 5 U.S.C. Sec.
6323(c) was not intended to be subject to a salary

offset under 5 U.S.C. Sec.
5519 and noted in 1990 that the ``[Office of

Personnel Management] advised that it now believes that the salary

offset provisions of 5 U.S.C. Sec.
5519 do not apply to D.C. National

Guardsmen under the circumstances described in 5 U.S.C. Sec.
6323(c).''
However, the Office of Personnel Management once again believes that

the salary offset provisions of 5 U.S.C. Sec.
5519 apply to 5 U.S.C.

Sec.
6323(c).
DCNG members sincerely believed that they were taking this leave

correctly, they have relied on this money, the recoupment will cause

financial hardships for current and former DCNG members and it was

Congress' intent that DCNG members were entitled to this leave without

a salary offset.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ANDREA SALINAS

Ms. SALINAS.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for the recorded

votes on Roll Call numbers 559, 560, 561, 562, 563, and 564.
Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
559; YEA on Roll Call

No.
560; YEA on Roll Call No.
561; YEA on Roll Call No.