559; YEA on Roll Call

No.
560; YEA on Roll Call No.
561; YEA on Roll Call No.
562; NAY on

Roll Call No.
563; and YEA on Roll Call No.
564.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MEGHAN CROTTY QUINN

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to recognize

this year's Catherine McAuley Distinguished Alumnae Honoree at Mount

Mercy Academy, Meghan Crotty Quinn.
For over a century, Mount Mercy

Academy has been a beacon of light and an indispensable institution

within our community.
With a unique focus on academic excellence,

women's leadership, and a commitment to building a just society, it is

only proper to commend the alumni who have contributed to this much-

deserved reputation.
A proud South Buffalo resident, Meghan and her husband Kevin Quinn

are the proud parents of Kiera (Mount Mercy Academy, Class of 2027),

son Rory and daughter Colleen.
Meghan is the daughter of Anita Durkin

Crotty (Mount Mercy Academy Class of 1963) and Patrick Crotty.
Meghan

is a business and community leader.
She graduated from John Carroll

University in 2007 and earned the title of Certified Public Accountant

shortly thereafter.
Meghan's rise in the banking industry has been

rapid; after a stint with M&T Bank, she now serves as a Senior Vice

President in the Commercial Banking division at HSBC Bank.
She has

twice been recognized by her peers as a top 100 performer in United

States commercial banking and is a recipient of the Irish Echo's 40

Under 40 Award in 2021.
Meanwhile, her professional success has been

coupled with a steadfast commitment of paying it forward.
Meghan is the

Treasurer of South Buffalo Roots, a rising community organization

responsible for organizing the very successful South Buffalo Porchfest,

Music in the Park series and South Buffalo Irish Festival.
This

dedicated group of volunteers in turn supports an array of neighborhood

organizations using a creative model of giving back to other charitable

organizations including, the South Buffalo Community Table, Buffalo

Irish Center, Buffalo Refuse, local sports and school organizations,

11-Day Powerplay, Kids Escaping Drugs, and Feed the Front Line.
Citizens like Meghan--those who are consumed with doing right by their

neighbors--are what makes Buffalo so special.
Her commitment to

professional excellence and bettering the Western New York community

make for an incredible endorsement of Mount Mercy Academy and its

principles.
The award recipients and honorees tonight for Mount Mercy Academy's

22nd Annual Dinner have exceeded the already rigorous standard for the

members within this community.
Mount Mercy's values and commitment to

service are steeped in decades of tradition, and Meghan Crotty Quinn

continues to live these values in her career and relationships.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, November 14, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 15

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine opportunities in industrial

decarbonization, focusing on delivering benefits for

the economy and the climate.