As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, November 14, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 15

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine opportunities in industrial

decarbonization, focusing on delivering benefits for

the economy and the climate.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine United States leadership on

artificial intelligence in an era of strategic

competition.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Harry

Coker, Jr., of Kansas, to be National Cyber Director,

Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial

Officer, Department of Homeland Security, and Suzanne

Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel

of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 1898, to amend the

Northwestern New Mexico Rural Water Projects Act to

make improvements to that Act, and S. 2088, to direct

the Secretary of the Interior to complete all actions

necessary for certain land to be held in restricted fee

status by the Oglala Sioux Tribe and Cheyenne River

Sioux Tribe.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine veteran entrepreneurship,

focusing on from service to small business success.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine aging Americans and a waning

workforce, focusing on demographic drivers of our

deficit.
LHOB-1334

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine VA's Fourth Mission, focusing

on supporting our nation's emergency preparedness and

response.