ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Sisay Senbet on

receiving the Tom Miller Advocacy Award for his outstanding work and

self-advocacy in Didlake's AbilityOne Program, a federal program that

creates employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities.
Sisay immigrated to the District of Columbia from Ethiopia in 2010

and started working for Didlake as a custodian at the Pentagon in 2012.
In 2015, he started working the night shift so he could enroll in

college.
He earned his Bachelor of Science in Biology in 2019.
Shortly after obtaining his college degree, Sisay was promoted to

Site Safety and Health Officer.
In his new role, he conducted work

inspections and trained new employees in the proper use of safety

equipment.
Last September, he was promoted to Lead Worker and is now

responsible for coordinating and leading the Pentagon custodial crew's

day-to-day-operations.
In his spare time, Sisay volunteers at his community library,

teaching classes and tutoring other individuals with disabilities.
In

particular, he helps people with visual impairments use screen reading

software to access digital information.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to recognize Sisay

Senbet, whose life and career are a source of inspiration for both

immigrants and individuals with disabilities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOSEPH SCOTT

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

legacy of Fort Worth native Joseph Garnett Scott, otherwise

affectionately known by many as ``Coach Scott'' by many in the

community.
Joe was a pillar of our community and was well-known around Fort

Worth as 1 of the most dapper and well-dressed men in the city.
Joe was

born in 1953 and was a member of New Mt. Carmel Baptist Church for many

years.
Joe got his education in the Fort Worth Independent School

District and graduated from Polytechnic High School, where he was an

all-district athlete in football and track.
He would go on to earn his

bachelor's degree at Howard Payne University in Brownwood, Texas;

there, he continued a successful football career as a 3-year starter.
He obtained his master's degree at Tarleton State University in

Stephenville, Texas.
Joe spent many years serving our community as a teacher.
He started

his career in the Fort Worth Independent School District as a Physical

Education teacher assistant and track coach at William James Middle

School, where his team was successful and won many awards on the track.
He then became a Physical Education teacher and head football, track,

and soccer coach at Wedgwood Middle School, where his teams were both

dominant on the field and track.
He would later transition to high

school as a ninth-grade English teacher and football and track coach at

Paul Laurence Dunbar High School.
He was known by many for having a

gift for forming positive relationships with his students and athletes.
Joe's first administrative position as an Assistant Principal at

Handley Middle School, where he consistently supported leadership,

students, faculty, and staff.
Joe then progressed to an Assistant

Principal at Dunbar High School.
As a high school assistant principal,

his days were filled with working with students and faculty, along with

attending many games and activities throughout the school year.
Joe's

first principalship was at Dunbar 6th Grade Center.
Joe thought it was

most important that the building reflected a safe, welcoming, and

attractive learning environment at all times.
For the next 10 years, he

was fortunate enough to become principal of his alma mater, Polytechnic

High School.
His years as the instructional leader of the Poly Parrot

Community brought years of hard work.
determination, and

accomplishments.
After this, for the next several years, his love for

fashion and style led him to work in the retail industry.