In 1984, he was the

Campaign Manager for Standup Strain's bid for Dougherty County Sheriff.
Tommy cemented his bonafides during this time as a deeply respected

political figure and social activist, once again following in the

footsteps of his father; who had been active in the Albany Civil Rights

Movement.
In 1998, when leaders in Albany decided to revitalize the city's

downtown area by forming Albany Tomorrow, Inc., Tommy was selected to

serve as its Executive Director.
Forever a visionary and forward

thinker, he was able to bring people and projects together for downtown

to include the Hilton Garden Inn, The Flint River Aquarium, The Ray

Charles Plaza, Turtle Grove Park, SKATE Park, The Albany Law

Enforcement Center and Police Headquarters, Department of Human

Resources Administrative Building, The Central Square, The Science

Discovery Children's Museum, parking garages for the downtown business

district, and The Dougherty County School Board Administrative

Building.
Tommy's proudest moment as the Executive Director was the

groundbreaking of the Albany Civil Rights Institute, which tells the

story of Albany's prominent role in the modern-day Civil Rights

Movement.
As his good friend Glenn Singfield put it, ``There wouldn't

be an Albany today without Albany Tomorrow, and there wouldn't have

been an Albany Tomorrow without Tommy Chatmon.''
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ``Faith is sometimes taking

the first step without seeing the full staircase.''
In 2007, Thomas

took a step on faith with the lessons he learned in his stint with

Albany Tomorrow carrying his creative talents to Orlando, Florida,

where the mayor appointed him as Executive Director of the Downtown

Development Board/Community Redevelopment Agency.
In this role, Tommy

oversaw economic development for the Community Redevelopment Agency.
He

played a crucial role in achieving some of downtown Orlando's premier

development in retail and business recruitment, marketing and special

events programming, and housing development within the Community

Redevelopment Area to include:

The Amway Center, The Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts,

Sun Rail, Chase,' Plaza, Church Street Plaza, Citi Tower, Creative

Village, 55 West, and many more.
It has been said that ``service is the rent that we pay for the space

that we occupy here on this earth.''
Tommy Chatmon paid his rent, and

he paid it well.
He gave his time, talent, and treasure to numerous

social and civil organizations, serving as Chair of Homeless Service

Network of Central Florida Board, and the Starter Studio Board, The

International Downtown Association (IDA), Nap Ford Community School,

MyRegion.
ORG, WMFW Community Advisory Board, and the Central Florida

Urban League Board.
Tommy has been honored for his dedicated Community service to include

Orlando's ``10 Businessmen to Watch'' and Orlando Magazine's ``50 Most

Powerful People'', Georgia Trend Magazine's 100 Most Influential

Georgians, Martin Luther King Celebration Leadership Award, and the

Leadership Albany Outstanding Alumni Award.
Tommy accomplished much in his life, but none of it would have been

possible without the grace of God, the love and support of his

elementary school sweetheart, his beloved wife Brenetta, and his three

children, Yvonne, Brittany, and Cory.
On a personal note, Tommy was my friend, my Morehouse brother, and

longtime supporter.
Over the years, he gave me wise counsel, for which

I will be forever grateful.
Likewise, during his life, Tommy did so

much for so many for so long.
He touched countless lives, and because

he did, the world is a better place.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along

with the 765,000 people of the 2nd Congressional District, in extending

our deepest condolences to the family of Mr. Thomas Christopher

Chatmon, Jr., his family, friends, and all who mourn his loss.
May we

all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit

in the days, weeks, and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2023 LUZERNE COUNTY SPORTS HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.