From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING THE SERVICE OF JULIE KIM

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Julie

Kim upon her retirement from the Congressional Research Service (CRS)

after 33 years of dedicated public service.
During this time, Ms. Kim

advised Members, congressional staff, and committees on a wide range of

foreign policy issues and historic world events with significant

ramifications for the security of the United States and U.S

geopolitical interests.
Ms. Kim joined CRS as an Analyst in European Affairs in the immediate

aftermath of the fall of the Berlin Wall, at a time of momentous change

in Europe and during a critical period in U.S. foreign policy.
Ms. Kim

covered the post-communist transitions in Eastern Europe, the break-up

of the former Soviet Union, and the wars in the Western Balkans in the

1990s.
Through her written analysis and consultative work on topics

ranging from U.S. foreign assistance to Central and Eastern Europe, to

NATO and European Union enlargement, to sanctions policy and

peacekeeping operations in the Western Balkans, Ms. Kim contributed

immensely to the knowledge of this body and its ability to provide

oversight and respond legislatively to the implications of these

seismic events for European security, transatlantic relations, and U.S.

global leadership.
Ms. Kim also directly supported CRS' leading role in implementing the

Frost-Solomon Task Force on the Development of Parliamentary

Institutions for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the

1990s.
She later served as a key CRS liaison with the House Democracy

Assistance Commission/House Democracy Partnership (HDP), which evolved

from the work of the Frost-Solomon Task Force, and subsequently

participated in many congressional legislative strengthening programs

in Europe and beyond.
For the past 19 years, Ms. Kim served in a number of managerial

positions at CRS, including 11 years as the Section Research Manager of

the Foreign Policy Management and Global Issues section within the

Foreign Affairs, Defense, and Trade Division (FDT), and as Acting

Deputy Assistant Director of FDT several times.
In recent years, Ms.

Kim headed the Europe and the Americas team of analysts, who have been

actively engaged in advising Congress as it addresses Russian military

aggression against Ukraine, as well as political unrest and migration

in Latin America, among other significant foreign policy challenges.
Ms. Kim also contributed to many CRS-wide managerial initiatives,

including playing an integral role in managing the public release of

CRS products and working to increase diversity and inclusion at CRS,

including through her efforts to establish a relationship between CRS

and the Rangel/Payne summer internship program.
In all of these

managerial posts, Ms. Kim demonstrated exemplary leadership skills and

mentored countless new analysts and younger colleagues, leaving a

lasting imprint and legacy of excellence and service on the CRS

workforce.
Please join me in expressing the gratitude of this body, and its

appreciation on behalf of the American people, to Ms. Kim for more than

three decades of service to CRS and the U.S. Congress.
Alongside her

CRS colleagues, family, and friends, we congratulate Ms. Kim on a

storied and impactful career and on a well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DAVID CITY'S 150TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish David City, Nebraska a

very happy 150th birthday.
August 6, 1873 marks the day David City was made the county seat of

Butler County.
Since 1873, David City has grown and distinguished itself in many

ways.
Providing an excellent quality of life for their small town with

exceptional education and job opportunities.
While David City is home to just about 3,000, it's the birthplace of

notable people--like former U.S. Senator Roman Hruska; the founder of

Hallmark cards, Joyce Hall; and Catholic Bishop Kenneth Steiner.
Major employers in the City include Timpte, ADM, and David City

Public Schools among others.