His years as the instructional leader of the Poly Parrot

Community brought years of hard work.
determination, and

accomplishments.
After this, for the next several years, his love for

fashion and style led him to work in the retail industry.
Soon after,

he felt a strong desire to return to the world of education as a

substitute teacher and administrator, where he continued to touch many

lives throughout the district.
Joe was also a family man who was a loving husband and father.
He was

always the life of the party, cracking jokes and enjoying whatever food

had been prepared.
He was also known for being a ``Master'' Gardener.
He spent endless hours planting flowers and consistently maintaining a

manicured yard.
He put just as much thought into planning his daily

coordinated ``outfits''.
He is survived by his loving wife of 43 years,

Patricia Scott, his children, Tracy Carter, Kena Nicole Knox Brown,

Evin Scott, and Whitney Scott; grandchildren Maxine, Connor, and

London, Aunt, Willie B Jones, Great-Aunt Macie Bonner and a host of

relatives and friends.
May his memory live on forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THOMAS (TOMMY) CHRISTOPHER CHATMON, JR.
HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.-

Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize, a

dedicated servant leader, seasoned business executive, faithful civil

rights activist, great strategic thinker, loving husband, committed

father, and friend of longstanding, Thomas (Tommy) Christopher Chatmon,

Jr. Sadly, Tommy transitioned this life from labor to reward on July

22, 2023.
A homegoing service celebrating his remarkable life will be

held on Saturday, August 5, 2023, at The Mount Zion Missionary Baptist

Church in Albany, Georgia.
Thomas (Tommy) Chistopher Chatmon, Jr was born in Albany, Georgia, on

December 19, 1954, the third of 5 children to the late Thomas C.

Chatmon, Sr.,
and Alma Chatmon.
Raised in a God-fearing family, he

became a member of Bethel AME Church, where he was a lifelong member

and sang in the choir.
His first fruits of education came as a student

at the Hazard Laboratory School for Primary Education and St. Teresa's

Catholic School in Albany.
Tommy was also a product of the Dougherty

County School System, graduating from Albany High School in 1972.
Tommy

made history while at Albany High School, becoming the marching band's

first African American drum major.
His love of music continued, and he

delayed college after graduating with honors to travel with a band

called Eden from 1968 to 1974.
In 1974, Tommy followed in his father's footsteps by attending our

Alma Mater, Morehouse College.
He graduated from Morehouse in 1979 with

a bachelor's degree in political science.
One of Tommy's proudest

moments at Morehouse was when he was selected to serve as a U.S.

Congressional Intern, in the office of United States Congresswoman

Cardiss Hortense Collins.
After graduating from Morehouse, Tommy returned to his hometown roots

in Albany to operate a family-owned business, Chatmon's Beauty Supply,

Inc. He was a great strategic entrepreneur and as Chief Operating

Officer for 17 years, he helped grow the family business to 10 retail

locations in 4 different states.
Tommy's professional career also took him to work as the District

Manager for the Georgia Census Bureau in 1980.
In 1984, he was the

Campaign Manager for Standup Strain's bid for Dougherty County Sheriff.
Tommy cemented his bonafides during this time as a deeply respected

political figure and social activist, once again following in the

footsteps of his father; who had been active in the Albany Civil Rights

Movement.
In 1998, when leaders in Albany decided to revitalize the city's

downtown area by forming Albany Tomorrow, Inc., Tommy was selected to

serve as its Executive Director.