Providing an excellent quality of life for their small town with

exceptional education and job opportunities.
While David City is home to just about 3,000, it's the birthplace of

notable people--like former U.S. Senator Roman Hruska; the founder of

Hallmark cards, Joyce Hall; and Catholic Bishop Kenneth Steiner.
Major employers in the City include Timpte, ADM, and David City

Public Schools among others.
David City is proud of its Catholic roots.
Aquinas Catholic Schools

educates many of the town's people and St. Mary's Church is almost as

old as the town itself.
As David City reaches this sesquicentennial birthday, there is much

to celebrate.
On behalf of the people of Nebraska's First Congressional District, I

congratulate David City on 150 years and wish them fun as they

celebrate this incredible milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION + PUBLIC SAFETY

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Congressional

Black Caucus, I must shed light on the growing public safety concern

regarding gun violence.
In 2022, firearm injury was the 12th leading cause of death in the

United States of America.
Every day, 120 Americans are killed with guns.
And each year, hundreds of law enforcement officers lose their lives

to gun violence, having been shot to death while protecting their

communities.
Our government's continued lack of proactivity towards preventing gun

violence has led to countless, unnecessary deaths.
Countless lives have been cut far too short, and countless families

have had to experience the excruciating pain of knowing their loved one

will never make it back home.
And although gun violence affects us all, I would like to highlight

the disproportionate effect of gun violence on Black communities.
Black Americans are 10 times more likely than white Americans to die

by gun homicide.
Black Americans are three times more likely than white Americans to

be fatally shot by police.
And while Black Americans made up 12.5 percent of the United States

population in 2020, they were the victims in 61 percent of all gun

homicides.
According to the American Progress, ``this is due to a combination of

weak gun laws; systemic racial inequities, including unequal access to

safe housing and adequate educational and employment opportunities; and

a history of disinvestment in public infrastructure and services in the

communities of color most affected by gun violence.''
Discriminatory and unjust policies and practices such as slavery and

Jim Crow are the reason that Black communities are still struggling to

overcome the inequities in our society today.
Time and time again our country has forced Black Americans to pay the

price for its sins, causing countless lives to be lost in the process.
Instead of acknowledging this public safety concern, our government

continues to choose to remain ignorant, crafting a narrative of a war

on the Second Amendment.
So, allow me to be clear: I support the Second Amendment.
But I will not sit idly by and hear the abuse of the far right's

interpretation of the Second Amendment.
In June 2022, the Supreme Court took a radical step when it ruled in

New York State Rifle & Pistol Association Inc. V. Bruen that the right

to carry a weapon or self-defense extends to outside the home.
In this case, plaintiffs challenged the 100-year old New York state

handgun licensing law requiring individuals to show proper cause before

they can be licensed to carry a concealed weapon in public.
The Court ultimately ruled New York's concealed carry law

unconstitutional, extending the right to own a gun for self-defense in

the home to exist outside the home as well.
This decision altered the well-established test for evaluating gun

safety laws and threatens the lives of millions around the country.
The Court's decision sheds light to a growing misinterpretation of

the Second Amendment.