May we

all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit

in the days, weeks, and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2023 LUZERNE COUNTY SPORTS HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the 2023 Luzerne

County Sports Hall of Fame inductees.
This year's class of sports

superstars includes multiple All-American athletes, high school and

collegiate hall-of-fame inductees, an iconic broadcaster, a dedicated

official, and more.
Each year, the Luzerne County Sports Hall of Fame honors those who

have brought fame and recognition to the state of Pennsylvania through

their outstanding achievements and contributions in athletic endeavors.
This year's inductees include:

Richard J. Callahan, sports broadcaster

Scott Davis, athlete--baseball and wrestling

Eugene S. Domzalski, athlete and coach--baseball

William J. Downey, sports official

Jamie Kauczka Esgro, athlete--basketball

Marsha Krysiewski Hanson, athlete--swimming, track and field and

field hockey

Joseph J. Hasay, athlete--basketball

Jim Hill, coach--baseball

Joanne McComb, athlete and coach--baseball and basketball

Rebecca Mack McGraw, athlete--track and field

Joseph M. O'Hara, DVM, athlete--water polo, swimming, and volleyball

Katlin A. O'Hara, DPM, athlete--swimming, water polo, and track and

field

Michael J. Papi, athlete--baseball

James J. Stehle, athlete--baseball

Amy Viti, athlete--track and field and cross country

Ninaleigh Stratton Wozniak, athlete and coach--swimming, softball and

volleyball

Each person honored has made local sports history through their

outstanding feats of athletic achievement, broadcasting, refereeing, or

by leading their teams to victory as coaches.
They have left an

indelible mark on regional athletics, and I am pleased to celebrate

their contributions to our sports communities in Northeastern

Pennsylvania.
It is an honor to recognize these 16 talented individuals on their

induction into the Luzerne County Sports Hall of Fame.
May their

stories and impressive careers inspire the next generation of

Pennsylvania athletes striving for excellence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, on June 22, 2023, I was unavoidably detained.
Had I been present, I would have voted ``NAY'' on rollcall No.
285.
I strongly oppose H. Res.
529, a resolution to refer H. Res.
503 from

the House floor to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee

on the Judiciary.
That resolution impeaches President Joe Biden for

high crimes and misdemeanors relating to actions taken that involve

immigration and the southern border.
President Biden continues to lead

with integrity and has done more than any other President to combat

substance use disorder and address the mental health crisis.
In the

absence of Congressional action, I have been heartened to work with the

Biden Administration to make significant and meaningful reforms to

address the immigration challenges facing our Nation.
Rather than

consider legislation that is purely politically driven, it is my hope

that we get back to the serious work of legislating on the real issues

our country faces.
for the People.
I also would have voted ``NAY'' on rollcall No.
286.
I strongly

oppose H. Res.
461.
condemning the use of elementary and secondary

school facilities to provide shelter for aliens who are not admitted to

the United States.
Migrants deserve to be treated with dignity and

respect, and I commend anyone who follows the Golden Rule and finds

shelter for those most in need.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LOGAN LANGEMEIER FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE U.S. HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
BARRY LOUDERMILK

Mr. LOUDERMILK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated

staffer who is moving on to a new venture.
After graduating from

Georgia Southern University with a degree in accounting, Logan came to

my Congressional office as an intern.
Although he is originally from

South Lake Tahoe, Nevada, he quickly became an honorary Georgian.
Logan was college football starter for 3 years at Georgia Southern.