Ms. Saunders has paid her rent, and she

has paid it well.
Ms. Saunders graduated from Morris Brown College in

1973 with a B.A. Degree in English.
During her matriculation at Morris

Brown, she was initiated into the sisterhood of Alpha Kappa Kappa

Sorority Inc., which makes her a Golden Soror.
She was also a member of

the Morris Brown College Wolverine Marching Band.
Her love of knowledge and learning took her academic pursuits to the

University of Georgia, Valdosta State College (Now University), Walden

University, and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she received

her M.S. in Counseling Education in 1988.
Ms. Saunders has had a long and storied career as an educator that

began in 1973.
She has served in many roles during her professional

career to include, Instructor of English and Social Studies, English

Language and Literature Instructor, Instructor of English

Communications, Career Advisor Coordinator/Career Adviser, Counselor/

Teacher, Upward Bound Counselor, Student Support Team and 504

Coordinator, 9th and 10th Grade Counselor and PK-5 Counselor.
Her

professional stops during her educational journey have included Brooks

County Junior High School, Thomas County, Turn Around School, The

University of Wisconsin, Thomas County Central High School, Thomas

University, Thomasville High School, and J.K. Harper Elementary School.
Ms. Saunders had a brief respite from her educational career from 1984

to 86 where she served in several roles at National Savings and Trust

Bank in Washington, D.C. but she quickly returned to her first love of

education.
A wonderful woman of God, Ms. Saunders served as Church Musician for

Ochlocknee and Piney Grove Missionary Baptist Churches from 1959-69.
From 1959 through the present, she has served as a Church musician for

Mercy Seat Christian and First Missionary Baptist Churches.
She also

has been a member of the acclaimed Georgia Mass Choir since 1981.
In addition, she has expanded her horizons in the performing arts by

appearing in the 1996 movie, ``The Preacher's Wife,'' which starred

Denzel Washington and Whitney Houston, and she also appeared in the

Broadway play ``Why Do Good Girls Like Bad Boys?''
She has also

broadened her horizons by traveling and participating in an

international tour of France, England, Spain, and Italy.
Amidst all her other activities, she has always found time to give

back to her community.
``It has been said that service is the rent we

pay for the space we occupy on this earth.''
Jacqueline Saunders has

paid her rent, and she has paid it well!
Through her beloved Alpha

Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc., she has given her time, treasure, and talent

to many community initiatives.
Ms. Saunders founded the Lambda Xi

Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority and served as its Basileus

from 1977 to 79 and 1992 to 93.
She is an example of what can happen

when 1 carries out God's purpose for her life.
Jacqueline Saunders has exemplified a life of service to God using

her many talents to touch the lives of countless souls fortunate enough

to cross paths with her.
She has done so much for so many for so long.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join my wife Vivian, and I,

along with the members of the Chancel Choir, First Missionary Baptist

Church of Thomasville, Georgia, as well as the 765,000 people of the

Second Congressional District, in honoring and commending Ms.

Jacqueline Sanders for her commitments to God, her community, and to

humankind.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SISAY SENBET

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Sisay Senbet on

receiving the Tom Miller Advocacy Award for his outstanding work and

self-advocacy in Didlake's AbilityOne Program, a federal program that

creates employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities.
Sisay immigrated to the District of Columbia from Ethiopia in 2010

and started working for Didlake as a custodian at the Pentagon in 2012.