After graduating from

Georgia Southern University with a degree in accounting, Logan came to

my Congressional office as an intern.
Although he is originally from

South Lake Tahoe, Nevada, he quickly became an honorary Georgian.
Logan was college football starter for 3 years at Georgia Southern.
He was named on Sun Belt Conference Academic Commissioner's List and

the Sun Belt Conference Academic Honor Role.
Logan has a strong desire to serve, and an even stronger dedication

to this country.
Despite having a job offer in hand after graduation,

Logan chose to come to D.C. to work as an intern, and immediately made

an impact on our office.
When the opportunity arose for Logan to join the staff of my House

Administration subcommittee, he didn't hesitate.
He saw it as another

opportunity to serve--and he has been invaluable from day 1.
Logan is moving on to the next phase of his life, where he will begin

his career in accounting.
Logan has left a lasting impression on our

entire team and will be impossible to replace; but I am grateful for

his service, and I look forward to seeing him continue to succeed as he

enters his new role.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF MISS JESSICA THOMPSON OF MARYLAND

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the

achievements of Miss Jessica Thompson, a resident of Middletown,

Maryland and member of the Frederick County Knucklers marble shooting

team.
On June 22, 2023, Miss Thompson won the 100th Annual National

Marbles Tournament.
In addition to winning the top title in the girls'

division, she won the honor of Good Sportsmanship.
These titles earned

her a college scholarship.
As this year marks the 100th annual tournament, it is regarded as the

oldest children's competitive sport in the United States, having

started in 1922.
During the week of June 22nd, young girls and boys

from all across the nation gathered to participate in tournaments,

engaging in over 1,200 games of Ringer.
Throughout the intense three-

day event, Jessica displayed her exceptional skills by competing in

more than 100 games.
With determination and skill, she clinched the

championship.
It is with great pride that Maryland's sixth district welcomes the

Queen of Marbles home to Middletown, and we wish her continued success

in all of her endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE CYNTHIA DOTY

HON.
JERROLD NADLER

Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Honorable

Cynthia Doty, long time resident of the Upper West Side, political

activist, and Democratic District Leader, who passed away in Manhattan

at the age of 72 on July 17, 2023.
I first met Cynthia 30 years ago working in local Democratic

politics.
I worked alongside her former boss Assemblymember Ed Sullivan

in the New York State Assembly.
Cynthia served 9 years as his

Legislative Associate and Special Assistant.
In Albany, she drafted

legislation and negotiated budgets.
In the district, she advocated on

behalf of thousands of constituents to protect their housing and

deliver needed services.
Cynthia was a major force in the Three Parks Independent Democrats

political club and served as its President and as District Leader.
Cynthia was kind, honest, and skilled at her position, and was both

respected and beloved within the community.
She was extremely

reliable--if she said she was going to get something done, it would

always get done--and she was a gracious host to me and others who

visited her political club frequently.
Under her leadership, the club

members were very active in gathering petition signatures and

mobilizing the vote in our area for countless elected officials at all

levels of politics from District Leader to Congressman, Senator, and

President.