The Court ultimately ruled New York's concealed carry law

unconstitutional, extending the right to own a gun for self-defense in

the home to exist outside the home as well.
This decision altered the well-established test for evaluating gun

safety laws and threatens the lives of millions around the country.
The Court's decision sheds light to a growing misinterpretation of

the Second Amendment.
As both a legislature and a legal scholar, I must point out that the

Second Amendment is not absolute.
No where in the Second Amendment does it prohibit regulating guns.
How dare we sit by when lives are being lost and act as though there

is nothing we can do?
Is there no sense of responsibility to provide restrictions to save

lives?
Our role in Congress is to ensure that we utilize every tool

available to us to keep our cities safe.
We need to reimagine public safety by holding law enforcement

officers who violate the public trust accountable, using public health

resources to address mental health crises, and ensuring all communities

are not overpoliced, well-resourced with access to job opportunities,

affordable childcare, and capable social services to improve the

quality of life.
We need to increase the use of civilian responders deployed to

incidents involving mental health concerns and disturbances or

disputes.
We need to strengthen governmental agencies dedicated to violence

intervention and neighborhood safety.
We need to pass legislation such as H.R. 52, the Kimberly Vaughn

Firearm Safe Storage Act, a bill I introduced which establishes best

practices for safe firearm storage to protect Americans, especially

children, from improperly stored or misused firearms.
We need to pass legislation, such as H.R. 48 the Gun Violence

Reduction Resources Act of 2023, which will work to hire additional

Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosive agents and

investigators to enforce gun laws.
We need to focus on mental health and pass legislation such as H.R.

46 the Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act, which will

authorize funding to increase

access to mental health care treatment to reduce gun violence.
These bills are particularly important as it pertains to mental

health given the following facts:

Suicide is the leading cause of gun related deaths in America.
More than 60 percent of deaths by guns in the country are the result

of individuals using these weapons as a means to commit suicide.
Approximately 1 in 4 American adults have a mental illness and nearly

half of all adults in America will develop at least one mental illness

during their lifetime.
Less than half of children and adults with diagnosable mental health

problems receive the treatment they need.
Gun violence is a nonpartisan issue with bipartisan solutions.
We act as though our hands are tied behind our back, despite the

countless options at our disposal.
I join my CBC colleagues in advancing common-sense bills that work to

prevent gun violence.
Protecting our communities and protecting our families need to be

priority.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
JACQUELINE SAUNDERS

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding musician, dedicated educator, committed community servant,

and dear friend of longstanding, Ms. Jacqueline Saunders.
She will be

honored at the Chancel Choir's 60th Anniversary Gospel Concert at First

Missionary Baptist Church of Thomasville, Georgia on Sunday, August 6,

2023.
Jacqueline Saunders has used her life's work to help others to reach

their full potential through music, theatre, and education.
It has been

said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we

occupy here on this earth.''
Ms. Saunders has paid her rent, and she

has paid it well.
Ms. Saunders graduated from Morris Brown College in

1973 with a B.A. Degree in English.
During her matriculation at Morris

Brown, she was initiated into the sisterhood of Alpha Kappa Kappa

Sorority Inc., which makes her a Golden Soror.