Title: APPLICABILITY OF THE AIRLINE DEREGULATION ACT TO STATE WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
133

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPLICABILITY OF THE AIRLINE DEREGULATION ACT TO STATE WORKERS'

COMPENSATION PROGRAMS

HON.
LANCE GOODEN

Mr. GOODEN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss an

important issue to both our nation's employers and their employees; and

that is regarding the applicability of the Airline Deregulation Act

(ADA) to State Workers' Compensation programs.
When Congress enacted

the ADA in 1978, one of the main goals was to place maximum reliance on

competitive market forces to help lower prices and improve efficiency,

innovation, variety, and competition in the delivery of air

transportation services.
But the ADA was never intended to prohibit states from regulating

workers' compensation systems.
In my home state of Texas, there has been litigation on this issue

for over a decade, and there is no end in sight.
That is why Congress

needs to step in and why I filed Amendment 300 to H.R. 3935, the

Securing Growth and Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act.
My amendment, which unfortunately was not able to be made in order as

part of the House's consideration of H.R. 3935, would have amended the

Airline Deregulation Act to clarify that the original intent of the ADA

was not to preempt state workers' compensation laws with respect to

billing and payments for air ambulance services.
The foundation of the state workers' compensation system is

individual state regulation of reimbursement amounts under their

workers' compensation medical fee schedules, thereby creating cost

transparency.
In most states, this is accomplished by setting workers'

compensation medical fee services at a percentage above what providers

receive under Medicare.
As a result, workers' compensation coverage is widely available to

employers of every size across all industries; and ensures employees

are protected from the economic impact of workplace injuries.
Unfortunately, the protections and certainty this system affords both

employers and workers alike started to be undermined in 2010 when

numerous air ambulance service providers began asserting the ADA

preempts state workers' compensation medical fee schedules, creating a

pathway for air ambulance fees to unreasonably skyrocket.
The preemption of state workers' compensation laws within the ADA is

a pure accident.
When Congress passed the ADA in 1978 to deregulate the

airline industry, it certainly did not intend to deregulate workers'

compensation insurance payments to air ambulance companies.
As part of the 2018 FAA Reauthorization Act, Congress established the

Air Ambulance and Patient Billing Advisory Committee at the Department

companies, including medical fees, consumer choice, and protecting

consumers from balance billing.
In March 2022, the Advisory Committee

submitted its report to Congress, which included a recommendation to

amend the ADA to clarify that it does not preempt state laws relating

to state regulation of workers' compensation insurance programs.
My proposed amendment to H.R. 3935 embodies the Advisory Committee's

recommendation and will address the accidental preemption of state

workers' compensation laws and the inadvertent federalization of a part

of state workers' compensation systems.
This simple clarification that

the ADA preemption provision does not apply to state workers'

compensation payments for air ambulance services will return the issue

to the states where it belongs, and air ambulance companies will have

every opportunity to make their arguments on the appropriate payment

amounts for their services within each state's workers' compensation

system.
Unfortunately, my amendment was not included in the bill that was

considered by the House, but I will continue to work with other members

on legislation to address this important issue.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING THE SERVICE OF JULIE KIM

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Julie

Kim upon her retirement from the Congressional Research Service (CRS)

after 33 years of dedicated public service.