Through powerful

oration and bold, courageous advocacy, he fought to dismantle barriers

to equality, promote minority-owned businesses, and advocate for fair

employment practices.
Tom Todd transformed lives, empowered

communities, and inspired a generation to stand up and fight for what

is right.
He leaves a profound and impactful legacy of lasting change

that continues to shape our Nation's path forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

VIRGINIA'S FOURTH DISTRICT BLACK HISTORY MONTH ESSAY CONTEST--1ST PLACE

MIDDLE SCHOOL WINNER, FRANCES WIDMER

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

essay by 1st Place Middle Schooler, Frances Widmer:

Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm did many amazing things to

pave the way for Black women in politics during her life and

legacy.
Her childhood, experience in national politics, and

tenure as a congresswomen all speak to the remarkable legacy

she left behind.
She paved the way for Black women to lead in

politics by pushing against the odds, by running against

white men, and by challenging the political system.
Shirley Chisholm was born in Brooklyn, New York, but when

she was three she moved to her system parents' homeland of

Barbados to live with her grandmother.
She was an intelligent

girl and excelled in school and was ``bossy'' to all her

older cousins.
When she was eight years old, she moved back

to Brooklyn with her parents.
There she would listen into the

political conversations her dad would hold and she became

more and more interested in politics.
She continued in her

education and went to Brooklyn College to study Spanish and

sociology, but she was not allowed to study political science

because she was a Black woman.
As Shirley became more interested in politics, she attended

political meetings and joined the 17th Assembly District

Democratic Club.
In her club, she realized that they did more

chores, like writing thank you cards and holding fundraisers,

than helping their community.
Shirley Chisholm also began to

realize that the congressmen were making promises they could

not keep.
Wanting to change all of these things, she got Into

action.
In 1968 Shirley Chisholm was the first Black woman to be

elected to congress.
For her to get to this point, she had to

face lots of opposition both because of her race and

gender.
Despite that, she knew that she had what it took to

govern our country.
She won by over 21,000 votes, but not

everyone applauded Shirley's win.
No one in the congress

looked like her.
In Congress, her first assignment was a

position in the Agricultural Committee in America, but she

was disappointed.
She then used her position to help feed the

hungry including people in Brooklyn, her hometown, Shirley

Chisholm said, ``You don't make progress by standing on the

sidelines, whimpering and complaining.
You make progress by

implementing ideas.''
She kept trying and succeeded in her

goal.
In 1972 Shirley Chisholm ran to become the Democratic

candidate for the Presidential election.
She thought that the

U.S. government should reflect America.
Though her bid was

unsuccessful, she broke the barrier for Black women in

politics.
Chisholm was the first African American to make a

bid for a major party's candidate.
She famously said, ``If

you don't have a seat at the table, bring in a folding

chair.''
She made an opportunity for herself and for others

to serve in government.
Shirley Chisholm had many firsts: She was the first Black

woman to be in Congress and the first Black woman to make a

bid for president in a major party.
By doing this.
she paved

the way for Black women to serve in government.
Rep. Lee

said, ``Ms. Chisholm's mission to include women, children,

African-Americans, and other minorities in public policy

opened the door to a whole new debate lacking in Congress

during that time.