Title: COMMEMORATING THE 5TH ANNUAL SOJOURNER TRUTH LIFE WALK; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
30

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 5TH ANNUAL SOJOURNER TRUTH LIFE WALK

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the 5th annual Sojourner

Truth Life Walk, happening this Saturday, February 17th, at Kingston

Plaza in Kingston, N.Y.

Truth was an advocate for civil and women's rights, abolition, and

temperance.
Born in Ulster County, NY, in my district, Sojourner Truth

endured the brutal and violent punishments of slavery.
In 1826, a year

before New York's abolition law went into effect, she and her young

daughter ran away to the household of an abolitionist family in New

Paltz, New York.
Truth became the first Black woman to sue a white man

and win, after her son was illegally sold to a plantation owner in

Alabama.
Truth joined the Northampton Association of Education and Industry,

an abolitionist organization, where she launched her activist career.
In 1851, at the Ohio Women's Rights Convention, Sojourner Truth spoke

powerfully about equal rights for Black women and her experience, as an

emancipated Black woman living in America.
Her speech moved audiences

and captured the attention of many.
As I commemorate her life on Saturday with the Kingston community, I

would like to thank the organizers of the event, Black History Month

Kingston, My Kingston Kids, Harambee, the City of Kingston, and

Seasoned Gives, and all they have done to put this together.
Their work

has not gone unnoticed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF VICKI MODELL

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart but fond memories

that I rise today to pay tribute to the life and legacy of an

extraordinary woman and my good friend, Vicki Modell.
Along with her

husband, Fred, Vicki became a respected leader and fierce advocate for

those diagnosed with Primary Immunodeficiency and their loved ones.
Though she will no longer be a daily presence in our lives, those

fortunate enough to have known and worked with her will most certainly

carry on her legacy.
In 1986, Vicki and Fred Modell lost their only son, Jeffrey, to

Primary Immunodeficiency, a genetic disorder that leaves the body

unable to fight off infections.
Not long after their son passed away,

the Modells created the Jeffrey Modell Foundation--not to commemorate

Jeffrey's death, but rather to celebrate his life by giving life to

others who suffer from the same illness.
Today, the Foundation is a

global organization devoted to early and precise diagnosis, meaningful

treatments, and research toward a cure.
Vicki was the heart and soul of

the Foundation, and its continued mission to meet its ultimate goal--to

find a cure--is her legacy.
I first met Vicki and Fred when they came to me to advocate for

increased federal investments in research of Primary Immunodeficiency.
From our very first meeting, I was impressed, not only with their

determination but their passion.
They transformed the devastating loss

of their child into a lifelong advocacy effort.
Today, the Jeffrey

Modell Foundation is recognized as a respected voice for advocacy,

education, and research.
I could not be more proud of the work we have

done together to ensure federal investments in this critical work.
In one of many remembrances, Vicki's family recounted the story of

Jeffrey asking his parents to ``do something.''
Through her work at the

Foundation and her unwavering advocacy, that was just what Vicki did.
Whenever faced with challenges or obstacles, Vicki never took no for an

answer--she just kept going.
In doing so she made such a difference in

people's lives.
One of her favorite programs, Roots & Wings, provides

lifesaving travel and related support to families whose child has

been identified with a potentially life-threatening Primary

Immunodeficiency requiring lifesaving medical care far away from home.