Even after his passing, Chaplain Grant is still

watching over his community.
I want to formally recognize the service of Chaplain Grant to our

community and the Nation.
He exemplified the ideals of service,

charity, and compassion and has irrefutably benefited the lives of

countless people of the 10th District of Virginia and our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE LATE CIVIL RIGHTS AND SOCIAL JUSTICE ICON, THOMAS N.

TODD

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to pay tribute to a

remarkable civil rights leader and social justice icon, Thomas N. Todd.
Although his name may not be familiar to everyone, his contributions to

social justice and equality in this country are remarkable and have

benefited millions of people in ways few others have accomplished.
Tom

Todd was one of the most electrifying speakers of our time.
His

impressive oratorical skills were so impactful that his initials ``T-N-

T'' became synonymous with the powerful effect he had on his audiences.
Tom Todd was born in Demopolis, Alabama, in 1938.
He later moved to

Chicago, Illinois, where he married Janice Roberts.
They had two

children together, Tamara Nicole and Tracey Newborn.
Tom lived in

Chicago until he passed away on February 8, 2024.
As a child in Demopolis, Tom's family was poor.
His father passed

away shortly after his birth.
Tom was raised by his mother and

stepfather.
Unfortunately, his mother also passed away when he was only

20 years old.
Due to his stepfather's illiteracy, Tom stayed in Mobile

to help with the funeral and burial arrangements.
He even considered

dropping out of school to assist further.
However, he eventually

enrolled at Southern University in 1959, where he studied political

science and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree.
After graduation, Todd returned to Mobile and worked odd jobs for

nearly a year until a friend suggested he apply to law school.
Todd

returned to Southern University for law school in 1960 and was admitted

solely on the recommendation of a dean who met Todd as an undergraduate

and recognized his potential.
There, law professors and students

represented other students who had been arrested for sitting at whites-

only lunch counters at five-and-dime and drug stores--an act of civil

disobedience aimed at protesting segregation in Baton Rouge.
Todd

actively participated in the first lawsuit regarding these protests to

reach the U.S. Supreme Court, Garner v. Louisiana (1961).
He graduated

magna cum laude and passed the bar exam on his first attempt in 1963.
Todd then secured a position at the solicitor's office in the U.S.

Department of Labor in Washington, D.C., leaving that job in less than

a year to train for the Judge Advocate General's Corps.
He practiced

law while serving in the United States Army from 1964 to 1967.
That

same year, he was appointed an assistant U.S. attorney in Chicago.
In

1968, he made history by filing the first federal criminal case against

a Chicago police officer for violating an individual's civil rights.
According to United Press International, Todd's case was also the

first indictment in the country against a law enforcement official

under a new civil rights amendment to the federal criminal code.
Chicago police officer Joseph Fine was accused of beating up Eldridge

Gaston outside a South Side restaurant.
Gaston died as a result of his

injuries.
Although the case ended in an acquittal, the indictment

itself sent shockwaves through the Chicago Police Department and

political establishment.
In 1969, Todd opened an office devoted to civil rights that became

the country's first local U.S. attorney's civil rights office.
His next

police brutality case would originate from a fight between black and

white students at Chicago's Tilden High School, where police officers

had allegedly beaten black students.