Upon graduation, these

recruits will be certified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the

Virginia Department of Fire Programs.
These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best

Fire and Rescue Departments in the United States.
The efforts of the

Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department have been recognized across

this country.
Members from the Department serve on the elite VA Task

Force 1, which is among the first units called to disaster zones to

provide search and rescue support.
Members of that Task Force were

recognized by the International Association of Fire Chiefs with the

Benjamin Franklin Award for Valor as a result of their efforts in the

aftermath of the devastating earthquakes that struck Nepal in 2015.
Fairfax County is fortunate to have such excellent ambassadors for

our community and I commend them for all that they have done to protect

lives and property not only here in Fairfax County, but around the

world.
As the newest members of the Fire and Rescue Department, the

159th Recruit Class graduates join the department as integral parts of

our community's emergency response and public safety team.
I am

confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of

Fairfax County with honor and distinction.
It is my great honor to

include in the Record the names of the 159th Recruit Class:

Michael F. Bookwalter, Blair E. Cerino, Christopher Chong, Antonio

JP.
Cipolta, Christopher N. Cognetta, Collin J. Fisher, Kevin J.

Flannery, Joshua M. Ford, Imani Y. Gillen, Joseph T. House, Benjamin R.

Klingaman, Jacob M. McCabe, Erick Mejia, Erik K. Muhlenhaupt, Nicholas

D. Sirinek, Lloyd E. Turner, Jr., Joseph S. Uriarte, Ryan E. Victor,

Mitchell J. Wadas.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the

newest members of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department.
I

thank them for their service to their community and to all members of

the Fire and Rescue Department, past and present, I say: ``Stay safe.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF CHAPLAIN CHARLIE GRANT

HON.
JENNIFER WEXTON

Ms. WEXTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedicated

public service of Chaplain Charlie Grant of Loudoun County Fire and

Rescue.
Before his passing on December 6th of last year, Chaplain Grant was

one of the leading members of our community who was known for his

dedication to others, integrity, and passion for helping those in need.
Throughout his life Chaplain Grant worked tirelessly in his service

to others.
He filled his time working to help those in need and to make

his community a better place.
This is seen in the countless hours he

spent serving the members of his community although he did more than

just serve.
Rather, chaplain Grant established many of the systems and

programs still used to help people in our community to this day.
Chaplain Grant was instrumental in creating multiple institutions in

our community such as the LINK Against Hunger and the Good Shepherd

Alliance which provides housing services for those in need.
Further,

it's this desire for service and compassion for his community which led

him to establish the Loudoun County Fire and Rescue Chaplain's Program,

the program for which he is perhaps most well-known, in which he was

instrumental in providing support and services for the brave men and

women of Loudoun County Fire and Rescue.
This legacy of service will be fondly remembered in the community as

Chaplain Grant exemplified the ideals of service, dedication, and

compassion.
The services and programs he established are being carried

on by his successors.
Even after his passing, Chaplain Grant is still

watching over his community.
I want to formally recognize the service of Chaplain Grant to our

community and the Nation.
He exemplified the ideals of service,

charity, and compassion and has irrefutably benefited the lives of

countless people of the 10th District of Virginia and our Nation.