Here in Congress, I am fighting for solutions that will eliminate

barriers that business owners like Che face when developing and growing

their small businesses.
And back home, I am committed to sharing

federal resources that have been made possible through the historic

investments from the Biden-Harris Administration.
I urge my colleagues

to consider additional solutions to help our entrepreneurs thrive.
Together, we can champion solutions that invigorate our communities and

strengthen our economy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DR.
HENRY STANLEY ZAYTOUN, SR.
HON.
DEBORAH K. ROSS

Ms. ROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the one-

hundredth birthday of Dr. Henry Stanley Zaytoun, a significant figure

in the North Carolina orthodontic community and beloved father,

grandfather, and grandfather.
Henry turns one hundred on February 23,

and he will be surrounded by his children, grandchildren, and great-

grandchildren.
Dr. Henry Zaytoun grew up in New Bern, North Carolina before

enrolling at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he

completed his pre-dental studies.
He subsequently attended the

University of Maryland School of Dentistry.
After graduating from the

V-12 Navy College Training Program, Henry went on active duty and

served as a Naval Dental Officer at the U.S. Third Army Headquarters in

Heidelberg, Germany.
Following his tour in Germany.
Henry married

Martha Nassif of Wilson, North Carolina, and practiced general

dentistry in Rocky Mount, North Carolina.
Henry returned to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to

earn his M.S. in Orthodontics and moved to Raleigh in 1960 to establish

his orthodontic practice, where he worked for the next 50 years.
He has

steadfastly supported the UNC Adams School of Dentistry over the years,

co-chairing the capital campaign to construct the building that houses

the school, establishing an endowment for a Term Professorship in

Orthodontics, and establishing the Henry S. and Martha N. Zaytoun

Professionalism and Ethics Award.
In 2004, North Carolina Governor Mike Easley awarded Henry with The

Order of the Long Leaf Pine, North Carolina's highest honor that

acknowledges exemplary service to the state.
He has also been

recognized for his support for the arts across the state, even endowing

an associate principal trumpet chair for the North Carolina Symphony.
Henry is a beloved father to nine children, grandfather to 24, and

great-grandfather to 15.
He has made significant contributions to the

dental and orthodontic communities in North Carolina and has led a

lifetime of extraordinary dedication to the Wake County and North

Carolina communities.
I am pleased to celebrate his achievements as a

community leader and philanthropist, and I wish him well in his next

year of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GRADUATION OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE

DEPARTMENT 159TH RECRUIT CLASS

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Fairfax County

Fire and Rescue Department and the graduates of the 159th Recruit

Class.
As they prepare to join the ranks of the Fairfax County Fire and

Rescue Department, I encourage the 19 graduates to reflect on the

history of the department and the contributions and dedication of the

brave men and women who have served before them to protect our

community.
The Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department's Recruit School

consists of an extensive and demanding 24-week program.
In addition to

two weeks of orientation, recruits completed nine weeks of EMT training

and eleven weeks of fire suppression training.
Upon graduation, these

recruits will be certified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the

Virginia Department of Fire Programs.
These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best

Fire and Rescue Departments in the United States.
The efforts of the

Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department have been recognized across

this country.