49.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GARRETT, INDIANA'S FFA CHAPTER

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Garrett, Indiana's

FFA Chapter as they celebrate 90 years of community service,

leadership, and agricultural education.
Agriculture is at the very heart of Indiana.
Indiana has some of the

best farmers in the nation, and America has the best farmers in the

world.
Perhaps no organization has had more to do with this than the

FFA, which teaches the longstanding values of American farming to each

subsequent generation.
Farmers don't just cultivate the land and grow

America's food; they serve in other ways too.
The Garrett Chapter of the FFA is an excellent example of this

service on display.
The students spend many of their days in Northeast

Indiana giving back, showing up to community events, and advocating for

farmers at every level of government.
The Garrett FFA Chapter has experienced nine decades of often

tumultuous history.
Since its founding in the 1930s, its members have

persevered and fed America through droughts, wars, and other perilous

conditions.
As such, the students who currently constitute this chapter

are the recipients of an impressive heritage of Northeast Indiana

farmers.
They and their children can be proud to carry on this legacy

for the next 90 years or more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
JACK AMOROSO

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Jack Amoroso

for his dedicated service to the Kings County community and to

congratulate him on his well-earned retirement from the Hanford Police

Department.
Mr. Amoroso was born and raised in San Francisco and moved to the

Central Valley in 1974 to attend College of the Sequoias, where he

played baseball.
His passion for law enforcement was inspired by his

father, who retired as the Deputy Chief of Police of the San Francisco

Police Department.
Mr. Amoroso's career in law enforcement began in

1979 at the Hanford Police Department, where he earned two stripes and

was promoted to Sergeant.
In 1988, Mr. Amoroso became the Swat Team

Leader and Range Master at the Kings County Sherrif's Office.
During

his time at the Sherrif's office, Mr. Amoroso was awarded the Medal of

Valor to honor his bravery while protecting the Corcoran community and

was later promoted to Commander.
In 2009, he retired as Commander and

was sworn in as the Police Chief of the Avenal Police Department.
During his tenure as Police Chief, Mr. Amoroso was steadfast in his

commitment to reducing violent crime, leading the department to reduce

the city's gang crime rate by nearly 80 percent.
In 2023--more than 40

years after he was first hired by the department--Mr. Amoroso returned

to the Hanford Police Department, this time as its Interim Police

Chief.
In addition to his more than 35 years as a law enforcement officer,

Mr. Amoroso has served for decades as an instructor at the Tulare-Kings

Counties Police Academy, where he teaches young recruits the skills,

responsibilities, and dedication required of future Central Valley law

enforcement officers.
From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Amoroso served as the

Academy's Director.
It is because of the dedication of public servants

like Mr. Amoroso that our future law enforcement officers are prepared

to protect our Central Valley communities.
Mr. Amoroso's dedication to

his colleagues, his work, and his community is a true testament to his

character and leadership.
I know that his service to the Department and

his commitment to the safety of Kings County will have a lasting impact

for years to come.
join me in thanking Mr. Amoroso for his decades of service to the

Central Valley and wishing him a happy and well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
WILLIAM LYNCH

_____

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.