Although the case ended in an acquittal, the indictment

itself sent shockwaves through the Chicago Police Department and

political establishment.
In 1969, Todd opened an office devoted to civil rights that became

the country's first local U.S. attorney's civil rights office.
His next

police brutality case would originate from a fight between black and

white students at Chicago's Tilden High School, where police officers

had allegedly beaten black students.
A newspaper photographer captured

one incident, which showed Officer James J. Gorman standing over 16-

year-old Roxanne Norfleet with his baton raised as she lay on the

ground.
Todd got that case to trial, but it ended in 1971 with a hung

jury, though 11 panel members favored conviction.
Tom Todd was admitted to many bars and courts, including the Supreme

Court of Louisiana, the United States Court of Military Appeals, the

Supreme Court of Illinois, and the United States Supreme Court.
He was

a distinguished black lawyer in the U.S. attorney's office--standing

tall, fighting for police brutality victims, challenging the status

quo, and prosecuting police brutality cases at a time when the families

civil rights lawsuits against federal, state, and Chicago officials--a

time when it was almost unheard of for a U.S. attorney's office to

prosecute a police brutality case.
Todd received honorary doctorates from Grambling State University in

1987, Syracuse University in 1990, and Wilberforce University in 1993.
Between 1970 and 1974, Todd taught at Northwestern University School of

Law, becoming the school's first full-time black law professor.
Genuinely interested in seeing young lawyers succeed, he was known to

use a lot of anecdotes, legal stories, and significant cases in his

teachings.
Todd was also known for helping to improve programs at historically

black colleges in Louisiana, ensuring they were on par with other

schools in the state.
Former Grambling State University President

Joseph B. Johnson credits him for helping to secure $300 million in

state funding that enhanced campus facilities and introduced graduate-

level courses.
In the early 1980s, Todd became president of the local chapter of

Operation Breadbasket and helped launch Operation PUSH, now known as

the Rainbow PUSH Coalition.
He advocated for social change and economic

empowerment.
When Harold Washington ran for mayor in 1983, Todd headed the

campaign's speakers bureau and served as Washington's surrogate.
Because of his magnetism with audiences, he was often called on to warm

up the crowd before Washington took the stage.
Todd had a deep voice with a mesmerizing cadence that resembled the

voice of James Earl Jones.
His tone was powerful, fluctuating in waves

and creating a fascinating rhythm.
A Chicago journalist once described

Todd's speaking style as ``a deep, rhythmic growl that carried a sense

of the South's segregation history and the civil rights movement and

conveyed a sense of urgency and anger about the present and the

future.''
Todd's booming voice got the attention of the iconic hip-hop group

Public Enemy, who incorporated Todd's voice as a powerful tool in their

1989 song ``Fight the Power'' for the first 16 seconds and also used

his voice to sample ``Revolutionary Generation'' in 1990.
Todd is reputed to have delivered speeches at every historically

black college in the country where he would encourage students to let

verbs like give, serve, and help guide their actions but to lead their

lives defined by nouns like courage, commitment, and compassion.
Tom Todd's journey was one of resilience, courage, and unwavering

commitment to the principles of justice--challenging systemic

injustices and uplifting marginalized communities.
Through powerful

oration and bold, courageous advocacy, he fought to dismantle barriers

to equality, promote minority-owned businesses, and advocate for fair

employment practices.
Tom Todd transformed lives, empowered

communities, and inspired a generation to stand up and fight for what

is right.
He leaves a profound and impactful legacy of lasting change

that continues to shape our Nation's path forward.