During her time working at

the organization, she briefly served as Executive Director of Susan G.

Komen for the Cure North Texas.
With 3 clubhouses located in Dallas, Tarrant, and Collin counties,

Cancer Support

Community North Texas offers patients a sense of hope through support

groups, counseling services, resources, and activities free of charge.
In 2016, Mirchelle took on the role of CEO for the organization

providing thoughtful, structured psychological and emotional support

for patients.
Five years later, she became a grateful client of the

organization she's spearheaded for almost two decades after receiving a

breast cancer diagnosis.
Even while undergoing four rounds of one type

of chemotherapy, 15 weekly treatments of another, and daily radiation

for over six weeks, Mirchelle chose to focus on the positives and used

what she was dealing with on a personal level to better connect with

clients.
I'd like to thank Mirchelle for the incredible work she's done to

support and inspire North Texas cancer patients--even through her own

cancer journey.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE FEDERAL MEDICAL CENTER-LEXINGTON

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Federal Medical

Center, located in Lexington, Kentucky.
David Paul serves as Warden and

Keith Blanke is Associate Warden.
They lead a large staff of dedicated

individuals.
In 1935, the United States Narcotic Farm facility opened in the

countryside outside of Lexington.
Known as Narco, this facility's

mission was to treat people struggling with addiction, using new and

often experimental treatments.
It was a combination prison and hospital

with a research facility.
Inmates worked on the farm that was located

on the grounds.
They also interacted with each other through playing

music, taking painting classes, and participating in social activities.
When it first opened, only men who were arrested for drug-related

offenses were housed there; women were admitted in 1941.
In 1967, the farm portion of the operation closed, and the name of

the facility was changed to the National Institute of Mental Health,

Clinical Research Center.
In 1974, the facility became a Federal prison

and was named The Federal Medical Center, Lexington.
Today, The Federal

Medical Center, Lexington celebrates 50 years of service.
The Center,

operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, serves around 1500 inmates,

who each require medical health care.
The Federal Medical Center serves an important role in our Nation's

Department of Justice.
I would like to offer my thanks and appreciation

to each person employed by the Federal Medical Center.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR.
XIAOGUANG (DON) SUN

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Mr. Xiaoguang (Don) Sun, who passed away on March 13, 2024, in San

Jose, California, with his family by his side.
Don was a distinguished

citizen who dedicated his life to advocacy, including advocating on

behalf of Asian Americans, and served a prominent role in American

politics.
Mr. Sun was born on July 10, 1959, in Beijing, China.
He obtained a

bachelor's degree from Renmin University of China in Beijing in 1982.
After graduation, Mr. Sun worked on the Economic Reform and Opening-up

policies for six years, focusing on agrarian reform, privatization of

land, and grassroots elections in rural China.
This work ignited his

passion to tirelessly serve the people and galvanized his commitment to

the betterment of society.
He also earned a master's degree in

economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990 and worked as a

research fellow at the Hoover Institute at Stanford from 1990 to 1993,

specializing in the research of political and land reform in Taiwan.
Mr. Sun served as President to the Bay Area chapter of the Asian

Pacific Islander American Public Affairs Association since 2009 and as

a Cupertino Planning Commissioner from 2011-2019.