In its 125th year, the

Monmouth County Historical Association is led by Executive Director

Shannon Eadon and a knowledgeable staff as well as its Executive

Committee, Board of Trustees, and its new Advisory Council.
The Monmouth County Historical Association continues to play a vital

role in the preservation and promotion of the County's rich history.
As

it marks its 125th anniversary, I sincerely hope my colleagues will

join me in recognizing the contributions and efforts of the Monmouth

County Historical Association.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF TOMMIE FRYE AND HIS SERVICE TO THE UNITED

STATES OF AMERICA AND HIS COMMUNITY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of

Tommie Frye, a resident of Ypsilanti, Michigan and veteran of the

Vietnam War, and to mourn his passing.
His dedication to his country

and local community over a long and exceptional life is worthy of

commendation.
Tommie served honorably as a medic in the United States Army during

the Vietnam War.
He met his wife, Sally Frye, at church while stationed

at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio.
After finishing his service, he

worked at Ford until his retirement.
Throughout his life, Tommie gave much of his time, energy, and

resources to Parkridge Community Center in Ypsilanti.
He worked

tirelessly with the young people in his community as a beloved mentor,

helping to keep them away from trouble and steering them towards

successful futures.
His unwavering support as a donor and fundraiser

was also vital to Parkridge Community Center's ability to continue

operating as a pillar of support for the young people of Ypsilanti.
Tommie's faith was a crucial part of him.
He was a member of Mt.

Olive Church of God in Christ in Ypsilanti, Michigan for his entire

life.
He was a pillar of the Mt. Olive community, serving as a deacon,

usher, and trustee.
He lived out his faith in every aspect of his life

through his service, generosity, love, and compassion for everyone

around him.
His faith in God gave him strength in his final days as he

went to claim his eternal reward.
Tommie is survived and remembered by his loving wife Sally, to whom

he was married for 52 years, his four children, and his thirteen

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

life of Tommie Frye.
Tommie was an incredible representation of

answering our nation's highest calling.
He served his country with

honor in Vietnam and afterward throughout his local community, bringing

joy, enthusiasm, and love to everyone he met along the way.
We mourn

with his loved ones and thank them for sharing Tommie with us.