As we celebrate the 50th

anniversary of the Morsani College of Medicine, let us not only reflect

on its great past but also look ahead to a future filled with infinite

potential and possibility.
I will continue to support and nurture the

Morsani College of Medicine as it embarks on its next chapter of

excellence, innovation and service to our Tampa Bay neighbors, and the

residents of Florida and the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending heartfelt

congratulations to the University of South Florida Health Morsani

School of Medicine on this momentous occasion.
May the next 50 years be

marked by even greater achievements, medical advancements, and the

improvement of the lives of the residents of Florida and the United

States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASO--WEST SUBURBAN ACTION PROJECT'S 15TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JESUS G. ``CHUY'' GARCIA

Mr. GARCIA of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

15th Anniversary of P.A.S.O.--West Suburban Action Project (Proyecto de

Accion de los Suburbios del Oeste), a community-based social justice

organization in Chicago whose mission is to build stronger communities

where residents can live dignified lives regardless of race, ethnicity,

socioeconomic or immigration status.
Since its founding in 2009, P.A.S.O. has become one of the leading

immigrant rights organizations through grassroots organizing and

coalition building working in collaboration with partners to create

systemic, social change that leads to more equitable and just

communities for people of all backgrounds.
Over the past fifteen years, P.A.S.O. has been a pillar of our

community and a beacon of hope for so many.
From supporting immigrants

and refugees training them to defend their rights, to providing health

education to seniors and parents, to championing workers rights, and

providing free educational opportunities in Spanish, P.A.S.O. supports

communities in the quest for change.
I am honored to commemorate P.A.S.O. on their 15th Anniversary.
Congratulations (eFelicidades!).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO MADDOX OLATUNDE

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, Maddox Olatunde.
As quarterback for L.D. Bell High

School in Hurst, Maddox Olatunde helped lead the Blue Raiders to

victory over their longtime rival, Euless Trinity, for the first time

in 25 years.
After completing 18 of 21 passes for 150 yards plus 135

rushing yards and a touchdown, Maddox was selected as the Dallas

Morning News ``Inside High School Sports'' Player of the Week.
Beyond the football field, Maddox is the team captain of the Varsity

Men's Soccer Team and the principal cellist of the L.D, Bell

Philharmonic Orchestra.
He recently received the 2024 HEB ISD Education

Foundation Award of Excellence, which is given to 33 outstanding high

school seniors who have worked hard, overcome adversity, found their

passion, blossomed, and excelled above their cohorts.
I want to congratulate Maddox on his outstanding achievements, both

on the field and off.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO MICHELLE LOUIS

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our Texas-24 Hometown

Hero, Mirchelle Louis.
Mirchelle Louis has spent the past 18 years

smoothing the cancer journey for everyone who's walked through the

doors of Cancer Support Community North Texas.
As a clinical social

worker, she joined the organization in 2006 providing comprehensive

support to cancer patients free of charge.
During her time working at

the organization, she briefly served as Executive Director of Susan G.

Komen for the Cure North Texas.
With 3 clubhouses located in Dallas, Tarrant, and Collin counties,

Cancer Support

Community North Texas offers patients a sense of hope through support

groups, counseling services, resources, and activities free of charge.
In 2016, Mirchelle took on the role of CEO for the organization

providing thoughtful, structured psychological and emotional support

for patients.