This

bill is part of a series of bills to ensure equal treatment for the

nearly 700,000 residents of the District of Columbia.
In the 116th

Congress, the House Committee on the Judiciary passed this bill.
Congress has already acknowledged that D.C. is entitled to a place

among the states for certain honors.
For example, legislation we got

enacted gave D.C. a coin after D.C. was omitted from legislation

creating coins for the states and required the armed services to

display the D.C. flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed.
We got D.C.'s Frederick Douglass and Pierre L'Enfant statues placed in

the Capitol, alongside the two statues from each state.
We also

successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C.

stamp, like the stamps for the states, and successfully worked with the

National Park Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags

near Union Station.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I was not present during votes on Tuesday,

June 4th or Wednesday, June 5th.
Had I been present, I would have voted: NAY on Roll Call No.
242, and

NAY on Roll Call No.
247.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OFFICER SHAYNE KOTARA

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officer Shayne

Kotara's 22 years of service with the North Richland Hills Police

Department.
Officer Kotara began his career in the Patrol Division,

where he soon became an invaluable asset to the Department because of

his committed work ethic and love for serving his community.
Officer Kotara has served the police department in several capacities

over the years.
In 2006, Officer Kotara transferred to the Criminal

Investigations Division where he was assigned to the DEA's Fort Worth

Multi-Agency Task Force and later to the DEA's Drug Diversion Task

Force.
In 2017, Officer Kotara was transferred back to the Uniformed

Services Division, and from there he was transferred to the Community

Resources Division in 2019.
For the last five years, he has served as a

school resource officer in the North Richland Hills district.
Officer

Kotara has shown exceptional dedication and has made a positive impact

on his community.
Throughout his distinguished career, Officer Kotara has received

numerous awards and commendations, reflecting his exemplary service and

dedication.
He currently holds a Master Peace Officer License and was

awarded one Lifesaving Award.
In addition, he's received two

Meritorious Service Awards and seven Certificates of Recognition due to

his outstanding service in the City of North Richland Hills.
I'd like to thank Officer Kotara for his outstanding service to our

community during his career with the North Richland Hills Police

Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PETERSON HEALTH'S 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Peterson Health in

their seventy-fifth year of serving the Texas Hill Country.
The

community is forever grateful to Hal and Charlie Peterson, two brothers

who envisioned a full-service hospital in Kerrville, Texas.
The

Petersons' efforts began in 1944 by establishing the Hal and Charlie

Peterson Foundation with an initial donation of one hundred dollars.
Three years later, the Foundation board green-lit construction of a

hospital for ``the benefit of the people of the Hill Country in

general.''
The brothers started building on their land at Sidney Baker

and Water Streets in Kerrville.
Named for their father, the Sid

Peterson Memorial Hospital opened its doors on July 3, 1949.
I include

in the Record an excerpt from the Petersons' opening ceremony speech

that day:

``And so here it is; it's yours to use.