This work ignited his

passion to tirelessly serve the people and galvanized his commitment to

the betterment of society.
He also earned a master's degree in

economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990 and worked as a

research fellow at the Hoover Institute at Stanford from 1990 to 1993,

specializing in the research of political and land reform in Taiwan.
Mr. Sun served as President to the Bay Area chapter of the Asian

Pacific Islander American Public Affairs Association since 2009 and as

a Cupertino Planning Commissioner from 2011-2019.
He was also actively

involved in the Cupertino Rotary Club for nearly two decades.
Mr. Sun

was vocal about the treatment of Asian Americans, leading advocacy

efforts towards securing a formal apology from the U.S. House of

Representatives for the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.
Mr. Sun will be

forever remembered for his contributions to the Asian American

community.
Mr. Sun is survived by his two sons.
May his proud legacy continue to

live on through all who had the honor of knowing him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF NATIONAL PARK SERVICE RANGER TOM LORIG

HON.
AUSTIN SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

career of National Park Service Ranger Tom Lorig, who tragically passed

away at the age of 78 on Friday, June 7, 2024, while on the Job in

Bryce Canyon, Utah.
Ranger Lorig worked and volunteered as a National Park Service Ranger

for fifty-six years.
He became involved with the park service in 1968,

working at the Carlsbad Caverns National Park in New Mexico for five

years.
During his career, he served at fourteen national park sites,

including Badlands, Bryce Canyon, Yosemite, Zion, and the Dinosaur

National Monument, for which he had a particular affection.
He also

served for over ten years as a permanent, seasonal, and volunteer park

ranger across many of these park sites.
Beyond his service to our national parks, Ranger Lorig was also a

registered nurse for forty years in the Seattle, Washington area,

demonstrating his commitment to helping people and supporting those who

needed it.
I want to extend my deepest sympathies to Ranger Lorig's family,

friends, and the Bryce Canyon National Park community.
His loss will be

felt by those who knew him and the many he assisted during his

impactful career as both a nurse and a Park Ranger.
It is public servants like Ranger Lorig who truly make our country

great.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PERMIT THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES TO BE

FLOWN AT HALF-STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A MAYOR OF THE

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill that would make a

small but respectful change to federal law by adding the Mayor of the

District of Columbia to the list of named principals for whom the

President shall order the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff.
Current law

states that the President shall make this order ``upon the death of

principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a

State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their

memory.''
Surely the D.C. Mayor should qualify as such a principal.
My

bill would add the D.C. Mayor, who has the same responsibilities as

state and territory governors, to the current list of officials.
This

bill is part of a series of bills to ensure equal treatment for the

nearly 700,000 residents of the District of Columbia.
In the 116th

Congress, the House Committee on the Judiciary passed this bill.
Congress has already acknowledged that D.C. is entitled to a place

among the states for certain honors.