The brothers started building on their land at Sidney Baker

and Water Streets in Kerrville.
Named for their father, the Sid

Peterson Memorial Hospital opened its doors on July 3, 1949.
I include

in the Record an excerpt from the Petersons' opening ceremony speech

that day:

``And so here it is; it's yours to use.
If it will ease a

little the sufferings of the sick and injured; if it will

help a little to mend their broken bodies; if it will provide

a place where the next generation--and the next--can enter

this world with the best of care and attention, and if it can

do these things at a minimum of expense to those who must be

patients, then our purpose in building it and giving it to

the Hill Country community has been well-served.''
It was a world-class facility, the first in America to have

a central air conditioning system.
Another groundbreaking

feature was the intercom system that connected each patient's

bed to the nurse's station.
In 1969, the hospital underwent

extensive upgrades and increased bed capacity to eighty-six.
A six-million-dollar expansion plan was completed in 1985,

including a new Surgical Annex.
The hospital became

independent from the Hal and Charlie Peterson Foundation five

years later.
At the turn of the millennium, medical air

transport services were added to San Antonio and Austin.
In 2008, the hospital changed locations to the new Peterson

Health campus, complete with a brand-new hospital building.
It was the only hospital in Texas to be named a Top 20 Rural

Community Hospital by the National Rural Health Association.
A groundbreaking ceremony was held in 2022 for the Amanda and

J. David Williams Surgery Center which will expand surgical

capacity by 25% and procedure rooms by 50%.
Congratulations

to CEO Cory Edmondson and the entire staff on seventy-five

years of service to the Hill Country.
I applaud Peterson's

stated mission of ``maintaining their status as an

independent, private, nonprofit health system.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MONMOUTH COUNTY HISTORICAL

ASSOCIATION

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 125th

anniversary of the Monmouth County Historical Association.
This

milestone will be celebrated by its leadership, members, and the

greater community at its 49th Annual Garden Party on June 7, 2024.
I

would also like to join the Monmouth County Historical Association in

honoring the members of its newly formed Advisory Council: Robert

Broege, Hope Jones, and Ross Millhiser.
Organized by a group of Monmouth County residents with the intention

of preserving and celebrating the county's rich history, the Monmouth

County Historical Association has grown immensely since 1898.
In less

than 25 years, the group had expanded to several hundred members and

procured an extensive collection.
Today, the Association boasts a

collection of over 30,000 artifacts, a headquarters, library, archives,

and five historic houses.
The Association is a renowned historical organization that continues

to fulfill its mission to discover, preserve, and promote the history,

genealogy, and biography of Monmouth County.
Through its work, the

Association provides an anthology of our heritage for future

generations.
Its exhibitions explore various topics from the American

Revolution to the County's resort towns.
It has received Giles R.

Wright Award twice for its recent work to share the stories and

experiences of the enslaved in Monmouth County.
In its 125th year, the

Monmouth County Historical Association is led by Executive Director

Shannon Eadon and a knowledgeable staff as well as its Executive

Committee, Board of Trustees, and its new Advisory Council.
The Monmouth County Historical Association continues to play a vital

role in the preservation and promotion of the County's rich history.
As

it marks its 125th anniversary, I sincerely hope my colleagues will

join me in recognizing the contributions and efforts of the Monmouth

County Historical Association.