Mr. Speaker, I applaud Rev. Dr. McCollum's decades of service in adult corrections.
He made a lasting difference as an educator in the Virginia Department of Corrections, helping inmates improve their literacy skills and prepare for re-entry into society.
While serving as a transition specialist for the Department, he wrote many project plans that are now part of the correctional program, notably the Straight Project.
In 1984, Rev. Dr. McCollum's advocacy led to changes in employment practices at courthouse offices in Halifax County, where the offices employed a more diverse workforce.
That same year, he and 18 other plaintiffs prevailed in a lawsuit that changed the method of electing county commissioners from an at-large voting system to a district system, thus enabling African Americans to elect commissioners of their choice.
In 2016, Rev. Dr. McCollum led the effort to get the supplemental tax on the ballot in Halifax County, which later passed, and the revenue reinvested into the community.
The additional funding from it bridged the gap between state funding and what was needed for the Halifax County Schools to operate efficiently.
Some outcomes included hiring teachers and support staff and purchasing new curriculum materials, activity buses, athletic uniforms and supplies, playground equipment, and technology upgrades.
His advocacy also led to the recognition of Sarah Keys Evans as a civil rights trailblazer and the creation of the Sarah Keys Evans Plaza in Roanoke Rapids, NC.
Rev. Dr. McCollum has aired a weekly radio show called Real Talk on WMCY in Roanoke Rapids.
The show exposed police brutality, the drug epidemic, environmental justice, and the existence of coal ash in Halifax County.
Rev. Dr. Charles Edward McCollum's life has been 1 of selflessness, leadership, and profound impact.
I join the chorus of others in celebrating him for his outstanding contributions to the citizens of Halifax County, the First Congressional District of North Carolina, and the Nation.
I eagerly anticipate his continued positive influence in the years ahead.