Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Chief Jeffrey M. O'Dell was born in Jacksonville, North Carolina, and is a second-generation police officer.
He served with the Orlando Police Department for 27 years before retiring in 2013.
His father retired in 1989 after 25 years of service with the City.
Chief O'Dell received his Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice Administration from Columbia College.
He also completed the University of Louisville Southern Police Institute Command Officers Development Course.
Chief O'Dell graduated from the Police Academy in February 1986.
He worked in various assignments throughout his 27-year career in Orlando, including Patrol, the Neighborhood Patrol Unit, the Undercover and Uniform Drug Enforcement Units, the Intelligence Unit, the Bike Patrol Unit, the Field Training and Recruiting Unit, Violent Crimes Investigations, and as commander of the Criminal Investigations, Special Operations, Airport, and Crime Prevention divisions.
On June 1, 2011, Jeffrey M. O'Dell was appointed deputy chief of police by Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer.
He served as the Patrol Services Bureau commander and High-Risk Incident commander until his retirement in January 2013.
Chief O'Dell also served as the Emergency Response Team commander for 3 years and on the Orlando Police Department SWAT Team for more than 18 years, holding every position from entry team member to team commander.
Jeff O'Dell was hired by the Kissimmee Police Department on January 2, 2013, and was appointed chief of police on August 10, 2016.
Chief O'Dell is an active member of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the Florida Police Chief Association, the Central Florida Criminal Justice Association, and the Florida SWAT Association.
He also serves on the boards for the Osceola Boys and Girls Club, the Osceola Technical College Criminal Justice Academy, the Park Place Behavioral Healthcare, and Help Now.
Chief Jeff O'Dell has been married for 38 years to Kimberly L. O'Dell, president of O'Dell Group Management in Winter Garden, Florida.
They have 2 children, Brittney and Tanner.