9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs
Business meeting to consider S. 2315, to provide for the creation of the missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel Records Collection at the National Archives, to require the expeditious public transmission to the Archivist and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records, S. 2270, to establish and maintain a database within each agency for executive branch ethics records of noncareer appointees, S. 5302, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address the responsibilities of the Administrator of General Services with respect to Federal advisory committees, S. 5102, to require annual reports on counter illicit cross-border tunnel operations, S. 5028, to require Federal contractors to implement a vulnerability disclosure policy consistent with NIST guidelines, S. 5019, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore, Maryland, as the ``United States 
Representative Elijah E. Cummings Post Office Building'', H.R. 6972, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require an Executive agency whose head is a member of the National Security Council to notify the Executive Office of the President, the Comptroller General of the United States, and congressional leadership of such head becoming medically incapacitated within 24 hours, H.R. 7528, to amend section 206 of the E-Government Act of 2002 to improve the integrity and management of mass comments and computer-generated comments in the regulatory review process, H.R. 9592, to amend title 44, United States Code, to modernize the Federal Register, H.R. 3208, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a DHS Cybersecurity On-the-Job Training Program, H.R. 7832, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a plan to identify, integrate, and deploy new, innovative, disruptive, or other emerging or advanced technologies to enhance, or address capability gaps in, border security operations, H.R. 6231, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a prioritized policy issuance review process for the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 8631, to prohibit the Secretary of Homeland Security from procuring certain foreignmade batteries, H.R. 255, to amend the Disaster Recovery Reform Act of 2018 to develop a study regarding streamlining and consolidating information collection and preliminary damage assessments, H.R. 9596, to amend title 41, United States Code, and title 10, United States Code, to provide best value through the multiple award schedule program, H.R. 7832, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a plan to identify, integrate, and deploy new, innovative, disruptive, or other emerging or advanced technologies to enhance, or address capability gaps in, border security operations, H.R. 5867, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 109 Live Oaks Boulevard in Casselberry, Florida, as the ``Colonel Joseph William Kittinger II Post Office Building'', H.R. 6162, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 379 North Oates Street in Dothan, Alabama, as the ``LaBruce `Bruce' Tidwell Post Office Building'', H.R. 6188, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 420 Highway 17 North in Surfside Beach, South Carolina, as the ``Nancy Yount Childs Post Office Building'', H.R. 6633, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9355 113th Street in Seminole, Florida, as the ``Army SSG Ryan Christian Knauss Memorial Post Office Building'', H.R. 6750, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 Mercer Street Southwest in Wilson, North Carolina, as the ``Milton F. Fitch, Sr. Post Office Building'', H.R. 8057, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9317 Bolsa Avenue in Westminster, California, as the ``Little Saigon Vietnam War Veterans Memorial Post Office'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal Acquisition Security Council Improvement Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Organizing and Revealing the Government's Construction, Hierarchies, Appointments, Responsibilities, and Tasks Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Rebuilding with Resilience Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Cooperation on Combatting Human Smuggling and Trafficking Act'', an original bill entitled, ``DHS Cybersecurity Internship Program Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Streamlining Law Enforcement Information Sharing Act'', am original bill entitled, ``DHS Intelligence and Analysis Oversight and Transparency Act'', and the nominations of Val Butler Demings, of Florida, William Zollars, of Kansas, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, and James Graham Lake, and Nicholas George Miranda, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District SD-342 9:45 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nominations of Matthew James Marzano, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Matthew Kaplan, of Maryland, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Great Lakes Authority, and 42 General Services Administration resolutions; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the 50th anniversary of the Safe Drinking Water Act, focusing on successes, challenges, and charting a path forward.
SD-406 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations To hold hearings to examine disaster funding needs.
SD-106 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine tax policy in 2025, focusing on implications for the American economy.
SD-538 3 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing from the Secretary.
SVC-217