Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jose ``Moke'' Simon III upon his retirement after two terms as a Lake County Supervisor and to recognize his contributions to the Middletown Rancheria and the Lake County community.
Mr. Simon, born and raised in Middletown, California, has dedicated his life to the advancement and well-being of his community.
As Middletown Rancheria's Tribal Chairman, 
Mr. Simon oversees Tribal Government Operations and represents the Tribe in all critical decision impacting Middletown Rancheria.
During his tenure, 
Mr. Simon successfuljy guided the investment of $47.5 million dollars in the construction.
As Chairman, he also successfully negotiated with the State of California to secure the gaming compact for the Middletown Rancheria, leading to substantial economic development for his tribe.
Furthermore, 
Mr. Simon's leadership was critical to the Tribe's acquisition of the Mount St. Helena Brewing Co., marking the first off-reservation business owned by Middletown Rancheria.
In recognition of his commitment to Middletown Rancheria's economic development, in 2016, 
Mr. Simon received the Wendall Chino Humanitarian Award, the highest honor for tribal leaders and awarded by the National Indian Gaming Association.
In 2017, 
Mr. Simon became the first Native American elected to the Lake County Board of Supervisors representing District 1, where he has continued to work tirelessly for his constituents and contribute to local governance.
In times of crisis, 
Mr. Simon's leadership has been invaluable.
During the catastrophic Valley Fire of 2015, which devastated over 76,000 acres, he provided stability to his district as they faced one named 
Mr. Simon to the State Board of Fire Services in September 2019.
Beyond his work with the Tribe and the Board of Supervisors, Mr. Simon is a former professional football player.
During his football career.
Mr. Simon played with the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, AFL's Arizona Rattlers, WFL's Barcelona Dragons in Spain, and the Scottish Claymores in Scotland.
An avid sports enthusiast, 
Mr. Simon continues to serve his community as the defensive coach for the local high school's varsity football team.