The Prime Minister will know that I wrote to him at the weekend with suggestions on what we can do to help increase defence spending, so I welcome his announcement on repurposing money from the overseas development budget—that is absolutely right—and I look forward to him taking up my other suggestion of considering what we can do on welfare.
He will know that we had a fully funded plan, and we urge him to take it up.
Having said that, can the Prime Minister say with confidence that 2.5% by 2027 is sufficient?
We need to look at exactly how we fund this.
He must not raise taxes further, as that would destroy our economy, and we need a strong economy to pay for strong defence.
He cannot borrow more; we are already spending more on debt interest than on defence.
We all know that he must make difficult decisions on spending, and he has our support in doing that.
In his statement, the Prime Minister also told us about his new value-for-money defence reform and efficiency plan.
Does he agree that the first thing that must be looked at is the spending of billions of pounds of taxpayer money to lease back the defence base on Diego Garcia, which we currently own?
Why is he still pursuing that deal?
Earlier today, I made a speech about the realism that should drive our foreign policy.
As part of that, he must scrap his disastrous plan to surrender the Chagos islands and have British taxpayers pay for the privilege.
The key difference between we Conservatives and the Labour party is that we know that we need a strong economy for defence.
We need a serious plan to get the British economy growing again.
We do not have that with the latest Budget from the Chancellor.
Will the Prime Minister tell us whether there will be a fiscal event this spring, even though his Government are committed to only one fiscal event per year?
In summary, the Prime Minister made four points.
I agree with him that NATO is a bedrock of our security, as I said this morning, and that the US is our most important bilateral relationship, but friends tell each other when they disagree.
We agree on this issue; we know that Ukraine must be supported, and I share his concern about statements that have been made about President Zelensky.
I agree with him about protecting security in Europe, and I welcome his continued strengthening of alliances, but we must do that through NATO, building on the joint expeditionary force approach.
Of course, we agree that we need peace, with Ukraine agreed.
I do not necessarily agree with the Prime Minister’s change of the national security posture, because we have different views on that—I am a Conservative realist, not a progressive internationalist—but I want him to know that when he does the right thing, we will work with him in the national interest.
May I first thank the Leader of the Opposition for her support in relation to today’s announcement and on Ukraine?
That is important to the Government, to the House and, most of all, to the Ukrainians and President Zelensky.
They want to see unity in our House—they value unity in our House—as they enter, after three years of conflict, a very difficult stage in the war with Russia and against Russian aggression.
I hope and believe that we can maintain that unity in relation to Ukraine, as we have done for three years.
I am very proud that this House has done that, notwithstanding a change of Government, for three long years—we will continue to do so.
The Leader of the Oppositions asks about the money for defence, security and intelligence.
There was new money in the Budget in relation to that, but what I am doing here is in addition to the 2.5%, which is the increased defence spend as it has always been understood, to recognise that the nature of the threats to our county are different now, and that the security and intelligence services play a key part for us and our allies in our defence.
That takes the total to 2.6%.
The Leader of the Opposition asks whether we will tax or borrow to pay for the 2.5%.
The answer is no, which is why I have today set out precisely how we will pay for it, pound for pound.
That has meant a difficult decision on overseas development—a very difficult decision, and not one that I wanted or am happy to take.
But it is important that we explain where the money will come from in terms and today.
I was only ever going to come to the House with a plan that had a timeline and a percentage in it, and an answer to the question, “How will you pay for it?”
I would not have come to the House with a fanciful plan.
The Leader of the Opposition says that they had a plan—[Interruption.]
She says, “Of course we did.”
I have my views on that, but the Institute for Government said that the Conservatives’ pledge of 2.5% by 2030 did “not add up” and was “not a serious plan.”
The Institute for Fiscal Studies called it “misleading and opaque”.
I am not giving my view; I am giving the view of other bodies on the plan that the Conservatives put forward.
They said that they would fund it by cutting the civil service, and then increased the civil service by 13,000.
I am not prepared to operate in that way, which is why we have taken the difficult decision on overseas development today, to be absolutely clear on where the money is coming from.
In relation to the Leader of the Opposition’s final point on the approach that we take here and whether there is a difference between us, I hope not.
What I have set out was NATO-first, as the bedrock of our security.
I hope that is common ground, whatever we may call our respective positions.
I also set out that we must not choose between the US and our European allies.
That is what I fundamentally believe, and I will resist that choice.
I hope that is common ground between us, notwithstanding the language that she uses, because it is important, not for exchanges over the Dispatch Boxes, but for the future defence and security of our country and of Europe.