The Foreign Secretary has proudly said that his Chagos surrender plan was a good deal.
He told the Foreign Affairs Committee back in November that it was “a very good deal”, and that he was “confident that the Mauritians are still sure about that”.
Three weeks ago, the Prime Minister of Mauritius told his National Assembly that since his election, he had concluded the deal “was so bad that we said, no way!”
and that he had extracted more concessions from the UK on the length of the lease, the extension on sovereignty and the cost.
Can the Minister confirm that changes have been made since the announcement of the deal on  3 October  last year, and does he disagree with the account given by the Prime Minister of Mauritius?
The fundamentals of the deal remain the same, and the overall quantum remains unchanged.
What steps his Department is taking to support women and girls’ rights in Afghanistan.
We condemn the Taliban’s appalling treatment of women and girls in Afghanistan.
The Taliban must reverse their barbaric decrees, and we keep working hard with international partners to maintain collective pressure.
The cruelty and inhumanity of the Taliban should appal us all, and no doubt we all condemn the ban on medical training.
The UK has provided significant aid to Afghanistan to support the health of women and babies, but with the Taliban now undermining women’s health as well as their rights, what will happen to these aid programmes and funds?
What actions can we take to put pressure on the Taliban to reverse their decision?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the Taliban have been undermining so much of women’s and girls’ lives in Afghanistan.
We are determined to support girls in Afghanistan, including when it comes to education.
I have directly discussed that with the Aga Khan Foundation to ensure that support is getting directly to girls, but we also need to push hard politically.
I was very pleased to announce that the UK is politically supporting the initiative to refer Afghanistan to the International Court of Justice for violations of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.