This House stands united with the people of Ukraine.
In the light of Putin’s brutality towards the people of Ukraine, what discussions will the Foreign Secretary be having with allies, including his American counterpart, on the international effort to prosecute Russia for the invasion of Ukraine and the sheer barbarism it has inflicted on the people of Ukraine?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for raising the issue of justice and accountability.
As she knows, this work was begun under the previous Government, when we led the world in ensuring there were sufficient funds in Ukraine.
The Foreign Office supports lawyers working in Ukraine to gather evidence; I will never forget the scenes that I saw in Bucha and the victims I stood with.
The UK will not let up on justice.
When it comes to accountability, Putin should pay—not the British and European people.
Russia, Iran and China all pose threats to Britain, and they go out of their way to do us harm.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain why the Government have yet to implement the foreign influence registration scheme, which the previous Government legislated for, and can he confirm when it will come in and whether China will be on the enhanced tier?
Again, the right hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
We inherited a process that was not quite working; she knows of the issues.
We will come forward shortly with our plans for the foreign influence registration scheme.
The International Court of Justice delivered its advisory opinion last July, in which it made crystal clear that the illegal settlements at that time were just that—unlawful.
Yet we have seen threats to displace Gazans and tanks on the west bank.
When will the Government deliver their response to the advisory opinion?
Will it be before the conference in Switzerland in a few weeks?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question and for her long commitment to these issues.
As I made clear in the Westminster Hall debate on  12 February , the UK respects the independence of the ICJ, and we are considering the court’s advisory opinion with the rigour and seriousness it deserves.
We remain clear that Israel should bring an end to its presence in  the Occupied Palestinian Territories as rapidly as possible, while making every effort to create the conditions for negotiations towards a two-state solution.