Last week, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , left open the possibility that the FCDO might revisit the issue of explicit carbon monoxide warnings on FCDO travel advisory pages—a change that we contend would have a cascading effect on the UK travel industry, drive up the use of carbon monoxide alarms and save lives of British travellers overseas.
May I encourage the Front-Bench team to pick up this  issue in the name of my constituent, Hudson Foley, to ensure that the lives of British travellers overseas are kept safe?
I can confirm that I will be adding information to our dedicated page for independent travellers to highlight the risk of carbon monoxide poisoning globally.
I shall be writing to Cathy Foley, who I was moved to meet, and to the hon.
Member.
Gaza’s healthcare system has been devastated, and many civilians are in desperate need of treatment and specialist care, which is not available in Gaza itself.
Will the Minister ensure that the Government continue to raise with Israel the importance of allowing safe passage out of Gaza for those children in need of urgent medical treatment?
Will they consider additional evacuation routes for critically unwell children?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that important question.
We have been working closely with Egypt, which has sought to support many of those requiring medical assistance.
Across Government we continue to look carefully at this issue, but Gazans need healthcare support in Gaza, and the UK Government have been supporting that.
As I am sure those on the Treasury Bench know, soft power and diplomacy are most effective when they are backed up by hard power.
When will the Government commit to spending 3% of GDP on defence, to make sure that we have a real voice at the international table to encourage European countries to increase their defence spending?
Why did the right hon.
Gentleman not decide to do that?
The Conservatives left it to this Government to get back to 2.5%, which we last had under a Labour Government.
The right hon.
Gentleman should have done it, and we are going to do it.
I look forward to seeing relations between the UK and Iraq blossom in the years to come under this Labour Government.
Will the Minister share the recent conversations that he has had with Iraqi counterparts on reducing barriers to trade, such as diverging trade regimes?
I was very pleased to meet the Iraqi Foreign Minister Dr Fuad Hussein during the official visit of Prime Minister Al Sudani to the UK from 14 to  16 January .
During that visit our two Prime Ministers signed the landmark partnership and co-operation agreement, a wide-ranging treaty on trade and strategic co-operation, and announced a trade package worth up to £12.3 billion.
Before the Prime Minister’s statement, let me point out that the Government’s own ministerial code says that the text of statements should be provided in advance to the Opposition and the Speaker.
It does not provide for the text to be redacted.
I am particularly concerned by reports that some of the redacted information was provided to the media in advance.
If correct, that is very discourteous to this House, and I take it very seriously.
It could well have been leaked, in which case I hope that there will be an inquiry into what has happened.
I ask the Prime Minister to look into what has happened and to report back to me and to the House as soon as possible.
Let me begin by giving my word to this House that the statement was not given to the media.
I will absolutely have an inquiry into that.
I spoke to you, Mr Speaker, this morning.
I would not be discourteous to you, the Leader of the Opposition or the House in that way.
I give you that assurance from this Dispatch Box.
I apologise to the Leader of the Opposition, and I will have that inquiry.
Three years since Russia launched its vile assault on Ukraine, I would like to address the international situation and the implications for Britain’s national security.
In my first week as Prime Minister, I travelled to the NATO summit in Washington with a simple message: NATO and our allies could trust that this Government would fulfil Britain’s and, indeed, the Labour party’s, historic role of putting our collective security first.
I spoke of my great pride in leading the party that was a founding member of NATO, the inheritor of the legacy of Clement Attlee and Ernest Bevin, who not only stood behind Winston Churchill in wartime, but won the peace by establishing the great post-war order here and abroad.
It is a proud legacy, but in a world like ours it is also a heavy one, because the historical load that we must carry to fulfil our duty is not as light as it once was.
We must bend our backs across this House, because these times demand a united Britain and we must deploy all our resources to achieve security.
Mr Speaker, as a young man, I vividly remember the Berlin Wall coming down.
It felt as if we were casting off the shackles of history; a continent united by freedom and democracy.
If you had told me then that in my lifetime we would see Russian tanks rolling into European cities again, I would not have believed you.
Yet here we are in a world where everything has changed, because three years ago that is exactly what happened.
Britain can be proud of our response.
British families opened their doors to fleeing Ukrainians, with the yellow and light blue fluttering on town halls and churches the length and breadth of the country.
The Conservatives in government were robust in our response.
I supported that in opposition and I applaud them for it now.
We have built on that, bringing our support for Ukraine to a record level this year.
We should not pretend that any of this has been easy.
Working people have already felt the cost of Russian actions through rising prices and bills.
None the less, one of the great lessons of our history is that instability  in Europe will always wash up on our shores and that tyrants like Putin only respond to strength.
Russia is a menace in our waters, in our airspace and on our streets.
It has launched cyber-attacks on our NHS and—only seven years ago—a chemical weapons attack on the streets of Salisbury.
We must stand by Ukraine, because if we do not achieve a lasting peace the economic instability and the threats to our security will only grow.
And so, as the nature of that conflict changes, as it has in recent weeks, it brings our response into sharper focus; a new era that we must meet—as we have so often in the past—together and with strength.
The fundamentals of British strategy are unchanged.
I know that the current moment is volatile, but there is still no good reason why they cannot endure, so let me now spell out to the House exactly how we will renew them for these times.
First, NATO is the bedrock of our security and will remain so.
It has brought peace for 75 years.
It is as important today as the day on which it was founded.
Putin thought he would weaken NATO; he has achieved the exact opposite.
It remains the organisation that receives the vast bulk of our defence effort in every domain, and that must continue.
Secondly, we must reject any false choice between our allies—between one side of the Atlantic and the other.
That is against our history, country and party, because it is against our fundamental national interest.
The US is our most important bilateral alliance.
It straddles everything from nuclear technology to NATO, Five Eyes, AUKUS and beyond.
It has survived countless external challenges in the past.
We have fought wars together.
We are the closest partners in trade, growth and security.
So this week, when I meet President Trump, I will be clear.
I want this relationship to go from strength to strength.
But strength in this world also depends on a new alliance with Europe.
As I said in Paris last week, our commitment to European defence and security is unwavering, but now is the time to deepen it.
We will find new ways to work together on our collective interests and threats, protecting our borders, bringing our companies together and seeking out new opportunities for growth.
Thirdly, we seek peace not conflict, and we believe in the power of diplomacy to deliver that end.
That of course is most pressing in Ukraine.
Nobody in this House or this country wants the bloodshed to continue—nobody.
I have seen the devastation in Ukraine at first hand.
What you see in places such as Bucha never leaves you.
But for peace to endure in Ukraine and beyond, we need deterrence.
I know that this House will endorse the principle of winning peace through strength, so we will continue to stand behind the people of Ukraine.
We must ensure that they negotiate their future, and we will continue to put them in the strongest position for a lasting peace.
Fourthly, we must change our national security posture, because a generational challenge requires a generational response.
That will demand some extremely difficult and painful choices, and through those choices, as hard as they are, we must also seek unity—a whole-society effort that will reach into the lives, the industries and the homes of the British people.
I started this statement by recalling the era of Attlee and Bevin, and this year we will mark many anniversaries of that greatest generation.
We must find courage in our history and courage in  who we are as a nation, because courage is what our own era now demands of us.
So, starting today, this Government will begin the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
We will deliver our commitment to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence, but we will bring it forward so that we reach that level in 2027 and we will maintain that for the rest of this Parliament.
Let me spell that out.
That means spending £13.4 billion more on defence every year from 2027.
However, we also face enemies that are sophisticated in cyber-attacks, sabotage and even assassination, so our intelligence and security services are an increasingly vital part of protecting both us and our allies.
On top of the funding of 2.5% that I have just announced, we will recognise the incredible contribution of our intelligence and security services to the defence of our nation, which means that, taken together, we will be spending 2.6% on our defence from 2027.
We must go further still.
I have long argued that in the face of ongoing and generational challenges, all European allies must step up and do more for our own defence.
Subject to economic and fiscal conditions, and aligned with our strategic and operational needs, we will also set a clear ambition for defence spending to rise to 3% of GDP in the next Parliament.
I want to be very clear: the nature of warfare has changed significantly.
That is clear from the battlefield in Ukraine, so we must modernise and reform our capabilities as we invest.
I equally want to be very clear that, like any other investment we make, we must seek value for money.
That is why we are putting in place a new defence reform and efficiency plan, jointly led by my right hon.
Friends the Chancellor and the Defence Secretary.
This investment means that the UK will strengthen its position as a leader in NATO and in the collective defence of our continent, and we should welcome that role.
It is good for our national security.
It is also good for this Government’s defining mission to restore growth to our economy, and we should be optimistic about what it can deliver in those terms.
But, in the short term, it can only be funded through hard choices.
In this case, that means we will cut our spending on development assistance, moving from 0.5% of GNI today to 0.3% in 2027, fully funding our increased investment in defence.
I want to be clear to the House that this is not an announcement that I am happy to make.
I am proud of our pioneering record on overseas development, and we will continue to play a key humanitarian role in Sudan, Ukraine and Gaza, tackling climate change and supporting multinational efforts on global health and challenges like vaccination.
In recent years, the development budget was redirected towards asylum backlogs, paying for hotels, so as we are clearing that backlog at a record pace, there are efficiencies that will reduce the need to cut spending on our overseas programmes.
None the less, it remains a cut, and I will not pretend otherwise.
We will do everything we can to return to a world where that is not the case and to rebuild a capability on development.
But at times like this, the defence and security of the British people must always come first.
That is the No. 1 priority of this Government.
But it is not just about spending; our whole approach to national security must now change.
We will have to ask British industry, British universities, British businesses and the British people to play a bigger part, and to use this to renew the social contract of our nation—the rights and responsibilities that we owe one another.
The first test of our defence policy is of course whether it keeps our country safe, but the second should be whether it improves the conditions of the British people.
Does it help provide the economic security that working people need?
Because, ultimately, as Attlee and Bevin knew, that is fundamental to national security as well.
We will use this investment as an opportunity.
We will translate defence spending into British growth, British jobs, British skills and British innovation.
We will use the full powers of the Procurement Act 2023 to rebuild our industrial base.
As the strategic defence review is well under way, and across Government we are conducting a number of other reviews relevant to national security, it is obvious that those reviews must pull together.
So before the NATO summit in June we will publish a single national security strategy and bring it to this House, because, as I said earlier, that is how we must meet the threats of our age: together and with strength—a new approach to defence, a revival of our industrial base, a deepening of our alliances; the instruments of our national power brought together; creating opportunity, assuring our allies and delivering security for our country.
Mr Speaker, at moments like these in our past, Britain has stood up to be counted.
It has come together.
And it has demonstrated strength.
That is what the security of our country needs now, and it is what this Government will deliver.
I commend this statement to the House.