My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I raised these issues in my contribution at the G20.
I had a lengthy discussion with Amina Mohammed of the United Nations, with the Foreign Minister of Angola, and with President Ramaphosa on the situation in Sudan.
I am looking forward to convening this conference in London, and working with the French and the African Union.
We continue to emphasise, with all international partners, the importance of refraining from actions that prolong the conflict.
The Foreign Secretary indicated that he would engage in further discussions, along with the African Union.
Given that there are about 9 million displaced people in one of the most significant, if not the most significant, humanitarian catastrophes that the world faces today, will he impress on the African Union and partners the need for urgent action to try to resolve this situation?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask that question.
I went to the Adré crossing not just to spend time with the overwhelming number of women and children who are fleeing the conflict, but to announce £20 million in additional support for refugees and, in particular, for access to reproductive and sexual health services on that border.
The situation is grim; it is horrific, and has been given too little attention, and I intend to ensure that we do all we can to bring it to an end.
What steps he is taking to help tackle the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
On  28 January  we announced a further £17 million for healthcare, food and shelter, and to support vital infrastructure across the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
This was an investment in the ceasefire, which must hold.
It is utterly heartbreaking to see the desecration of hostages’ bodies, and to see men, women and children returning to Gaza to try to rebuild their lives among the rubble.
I welcome the Government’s efforts on humanitarian aid during this fragile ceasefire, which is becoming more fragile as tanks roll into the west bank.
What more can we do to ensure that the ceasefire is implemented in full, and to protect human rights and communities in the west bank?
I know that many Members on both sides of the House will share my hon.
Friend’s revulsion and concern at those scenes.
We are committed to working with Israel, the Palestinian Authority, the  United States and regional partners to build confidence in the ceasefire and support conditions for a permanent and sustainable peace, including Palestinian reconstruction.
To support immediate needs, £2 million of the recently announced funding has been committed to critical water and energy infrastructure projects.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I visited Israel recently as part of a delegation from this place, and met politicians from across the political spectrum.
Some support the Israeli Government’s current approach, while others do not, but what unites them is their criticism of the UK Government’s continued support for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
Will the Government please reconsider that support?
I too have had such discussions, both in Tel Aviv and elsewhere.
I recognise that there was particular concern about the events that led to the production of the Colonna report.
As was mentioned earlier, there were disturbing allegations about the involvement of UNRWA staff, and there is also concern about reports that Emily Damari may have been placed within an UNRWA camp.
We have taken this up with UNRWA, and have supported its reform agenda.
It has delivered change, and it is the only organisation that can deliver the humanitarian support that is so desperately needed by millions of Palestinians.
What steps he is taking to help tackle the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
What steps his Department is taking to support people affected by the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle food insecurity in Sudan.
We remain desperately concerned about the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has set out the measures taken by the UK to seek to ameliorate that appalling disaster, included a doubling of aid to Sudan.
In recent days, Sudanese armed forces have advanced into El-Obeid, the capital of North Kordofan state, ending a two-year siege by the Rapid Support Forces.
This has caused serious food shortages in North Kordofan, which is deemed to be suffering famine conditions under the integrated food security phase classification.
What are the Government doing to ensure that aid is fast-tracked into the city?