The Minister is aware that PEPFAR—the US President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief—is the largest and most successful global health programme and has saved 25 million lives.
It has been advised that freezing PEPFAR will result in 228,000 fewer HIV tests being carried out daily.
UNAIDS predicts that 6.3 million AIDS-related deaths will occur if PEPFAR lacks funding for the next five years.
Can the Minister ensure that the Foreign Office includes HIV in all international discussions, especially at the G7 in Canada this year?
Tests and treatment are critical.
I am pleased that the Prime Minister recently announced that, together with South Africa, the UK will co-host the eighth replenishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
The Global Fund is the leading financier of the global fight against HIV/AIDS, and we will work with Canada to draw attention at the G7 to the importance of the Global Fund replenishment.
What details can the Minister give us about the financing that will be given to the Global Fund?
More importantly, there is a rumour that official development assistance is going to  be cut from 0.5% to 0.2%, to cover an increase in defence spending.
Can the Minister confirm whether that is the case?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the importance of funding for global health.
Of course, this is not just important for those directly impacted; it is important for us here in our country, because we know that diseases do not respect borders.
I set out a few moments ago the fact that the Prime Minister is committed to that Global Fund replenishment, and rightly so.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of steps taken by the British Virgin Islands to tackle illicit finance.
The overseas territories, including the British Virgin Islands, work to uphold international standards on tax transparency and illicit finance and enforce UK sanctions.
The overseas territories agreed to implement corporate registers that are accessible at least to those with legitimate interest by June 2025.
We are aware of BVI’s public consultation on its register and are working with it to improve its proposal.
The BVI will soon close the consultation on its proposal to grant only limited access to a register of beneficial ownership.
That proposal means that it will be virtually impossible for even a select few to trace those using the BVI as a place to secretly stash their cash, and this comes some five years after the first deadline to set up a register was missed.
I know that the Secretary of State agrees that sunlight is the best disinfectant when it comes to combating illicit finance, so what steps is he taking to ensure that the BVI establishes a genuine and fully transparent register of beneficial ownership?
The BVI committed at the Joint Ministerial Council to improving access to its corporate register by June.
I met BVI representatives just after that time at the end of last year, and my hon.
Friend the Minister of State will meet the BVI again in the coming weeks.
It is important that that public consultation on the proposed register will close this Friday, and we are working with the BVI to improve its proposal.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that under the Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2018, the British Virgin Islands is obliged to introduce open registers of beneficial ownership by the end of 2020, or be subject to an Order in Council.
It has not done so, it is in contempt of Parliament, so when will the Foreign Secretary issue the Order in Council?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that if the agreed requirements are not met we will carefully consider what further steps to take.
Our expectation remains clear: those registers will ultimately be public, and my hon.
Friend the Minister of State will meet the BVI to make clear our expectations.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of sanctioning violent illegal Israeli settlers.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of sanctioning violent illegal Israeli settlers.
Settler violence is unacceptable.
On  15 October  the UK sanctioned three outposts and four entities linked to violence in the west bank under the global human rights regime.
Those measures will help bring accountability to those who have supported and perpetrated such heinous abuses of human rights.
The Government do not comment on future sanctions measures, as to do so would reduce their impact.
Comments made yesterday by the UN Secretary-General about increasing violence in the west bank by Israeli settlers have shocked my Bath constituents and people across the country, and Members across the House are frustrated by the lack of action.
Will the Government sanction those who advocate for that violence, especially Minister Smotrich and former Minister Ben-Gvir?
We have condemned the unacceptable language that has been used by Israeli Minister Bezalel Smotrich and former Minister Mr Ben-Gvir.
The Foreign Secretary, and all Ministers, have been clear with their Israeli counterparts that the Israeli Government must clamp down on settler violence, as the Foreign Secretary said earlier, and end the settlement expansion.
As I said in my original answer, we will not comment on future sanctions, as to do so could reduce their impact.
Many people in my constituency are passionate about resolving the situation between Israel and Palestine, and there are concerns that violence in the west bank has increased and illegal settlements have continued to expand.
Does the Minister agree that if he also wants to see a reduction in settler violence, we should be considering sanctioning those settlements?
I am seriously concerned by the expansion of Israel’s operations in the west bank, and 40,000 Palestinians have reportedly been displaced.
Palestinians must be allowed home, civilians must be protected, and the destruction of civilian infrastructure minimised.
Stability is essential at this crucial time.
We recognise Israel’s security concerns, but it must show restraint and ensure that its operations are commensurate with the threat posed.
I refer to my previous answer on sanctions.
Israel has sent tanks to the west bank for the first time in 20 years, and some 40,000 Palestinians are being displaced from refugee camps there.
The very least that should be done to stop these contraventions of international law is to impose a ban on Israeli goods coming from illegal Israeli settlements, so I ask the Minister: is it now the time to do that?
We call for trade to be done in the proper way.
There are clear provisions around where Israeli goods are produced.
We do not recognise illegal settlements.
Produce must be properly labelled and there is clear advice to business on that basis.
The Government and their partners are doing important work to support the continuation of the fragile ceasefire in Gaza, but in the west bank, as well as increased settler attacks we have seen Israeli forces attack a Palestinian bookshop in east Jerusalem, UNRWA schools closed, tanks moving into refugee camps and the forced displacement of some 40,000 Palestinians.
What action are the Government taking to prevent the Gaza-isation of the west bank?
As I said in my previous answer, we are following events in the west bank closely.
Stability in the west bank is crucial to ensuring that the fragile ceasefire in Gaza can last.
All sides should work to ensure a lowering of tension in the west bank at this time.
It is in no one’s interest for further conflict and instability to spread in the west bank.