The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of President Trump’s proposal to move Palestinians from Gaza to neighbouring Arab states.
We do not support forced displacement of Palestinians or any reduction in the territory of the Gaza strip.
Palestinians must be able to live and prosper in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
That is why it is essential that we work together to ensure that all aspects of the ceasefire are implemented and that it becomes permanent.
It is very sad that the past month has marked a new and horrifying phase in the long history of attempts to ethnically cleanse the Palestinian people from their homeland.
President Trump’s recent comments calling for Palestinians to be expelled from their homes in Gaza, in order for the US to take over the land, along with his failure to rule out Israeli annexation of the west bank, constitute the most explicit denial of the Palestinian people’s right to self-determination by any US Administration to date.
Will the Foreign Secretary therefore condemn President Trump’s remarks and set out what action the UK Government are taking to prevent further forced displacement of the Palestinian people?
This House has watched with horror the loss of life in the Gaza strip particularly and the plight of the hostages held in bunkers under Gaza.
The US played a pivotal role, and all credit should go to President Trump for brokering that negotiated ceasefire agreement.
I am thankful for the role that the Israeli Government, Qatar and Egypt played in getting to that ceasefire.
It is our belief, and this is a cross-party belief, that there should be a negotiated two-state solution: a sovereign Palestinian state, which includes, of course, the west bank and Gaza, alongside a safe and secure Israel.
I have just been out in the middle east with the Conservative Friends of Israel—I put that on the record before I ask my question.
Given Emily Damari’s personal testimony to the Prime Minister that she was held at United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities in Gaza during the conflict, and that her captors refused her access to medical treatment, does the Foreign Secretary stand by the Government’s decision to restart sending UK taxpayers’ money to UNRWA when Hamas terrorists were holding British hostages at its facilities, and when it has been crystal clear for months that UNRWA had many members of Hamas in its ranks, including people involved in the  7 October  terrorist attacks, who have held hostages ever since?
I think we were all pleased to see Emily Damari emerge; of course, we have been in touch with the Damari family.
As the right hon.
Gentleman would expect, we have also been in touch with UNRWA —the Minister for Development raised this issue with Mr Lazzarini directly—which has instigated an investigation.
The Israeli forces are now using the same tactics in the west bank as they used in Gaza: the forced displacement of communities and the use of heavy weapons against civilians.
What is the Government’s response, both to Israel and to the UN?
Is it not time that we responded to the advisory opinion?
My hon.
Friend raises a serious issue.
As I have said repeatedly from the Dispatch Box, I condemn the expansion and the violence that we have seen over the last period, and I reject the calls for the annexation of the west bank.
I met Tom Fletcher of the UN recently to discuss these very same issues, and renewed our commitment to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs—that humanitarian work is important.
Of course, at this time I have been in touch with the Israelis and with Prime Minister Mustafa as we discuss these issues together.
Back on  17 October 2023 , when the first hospital in Palestine was bombed, the al-Ahli Arab hospital, much conversation was had about who could have committed such a heinous crime.
Since then, the Israeli army has destroyed all medical facilities in Gaza, and now we have a President of the United States using gangster-style intimidation to forcibly remove Palestinian people from their land.
Will the Foreign Secretary—who has repeatedly refused to call out the Israeli Government for the war crimes they are committing, refused to ban all arms sales, refused to acknowledge that a genocide is happening and refused even to consider economic sanctions, because £6.1 billion is too high a price to pay—accept the reality of the situation and accept that Trump and Netanyahu’s plan proposes ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people in Gaza?
We are well under time, but I just need to get other Members in.
We are in the first phase of a ceasefire that we want to hold and go to phase 2.
That is the issue I was discussing with Arab leaders last week at the Munich security conference.
The Quint group are working with President Trump to get to that third phase and the governance issues that will be so important, with the Palestinian Authority involved in Gaza.