Ending the conflict in Sudan, and the appalling consequences of it, is a UK priority.
Both the Foreign Secretary and I have visited the region, including Chad and South Sudan.
We have increased aid, and we have been determined to increase international attention.
That includes the April conference to which the Foreign Secretary referred, but I also convened Development Ministers from a number of countries a few days ago, with the emergency relief co-ordinator, to try to pile on the pressure.
The last time the Minister was in the House talking about Sudan, she told us it was important to have trust in the international system.
Given that the RSF are accused of ethnic cleansing and genocide, are so far acting with complete impunity and have just pledged to form a rival Government, what are the UK Government doing to garner trust in the international system and to hold the RSF to account?
I regret that we see both parties to the conflict behaving in a manner that is having a truly catastrophic impact on civilians—we see famine and appalling levels of conflict-related sexual violence—and the international community must step up.
That is why the Foreign Secretary is seeking to convene leaders on this in April, why I have pulled together Development Ministers on this and why we have repeatedly raised these issues at the UN.
If he will take diplomatic steps to help ensure accountability for alleged war crimes in Sri Lanka.
The UK Government are committed to human rights in Sri Lanka and are leading international efforts to promote accountability and human rights, including at the UN Human Rights Council.
In a visit to Sri Lanka last month, I raised these issues with Ministers in the new Government in Colombo.
It is over 15 years since the end of the bloody civil war in Sri Lanka, but those responsible for the many war crimes committed during that conflict, including the targeting of civilians and sexual violence, have still not been held accountable.
In opposition, the Foreign Secretary called on the Government to follow the example of our allies, including the US and Canada, in imposing sanctions against individuals suspected of committing these appalling acts.
Now he is in government, will he commit to finally doing so?
In October 2024, the UK and our core group partners got a resolution on Sri Lanka in the UN Human Rights Council, outlining just what the hon.
Member says.
It renewed the mandate of the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights to report regularly on Sri Lanka, and to protect and preserve evidence to use in future accountability processes.
We consider a range of justice and accountability options, including sanctions, and keep evidence for any potential designations under close review.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As I set out in the House yesterday, securing a lasting peace that safeguards Ukraine’s sovereignty for the long term is essential.
To achieve this, Europe and the United States must provide the support Ukraine needs to stay strong, and Ukraine must be at the heart of any talks.
The UK is playing a leading role on assistance to Ukraine, on pressure on Russia and on keeping our allies united.
Will the Government bring forward emergency legislation to seize frozen Russian assets and ensure they are repurposed to support Ukraine in the wake of Trump’s talks with Putin?
If not, can the Foreign Secretary explain why?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
It is not something on which any Government can act alone; we must act with European allies.
It was a topic of conversation at the G7 and at the Weimar group.
Of course, Europe has to act quickly, and I believe we should move from freezing assets to seizing assets.
The Gaza ceasefire deal remains fragile and, as we enter the final week of its first phase, it is crucial that both the Israeli and Palestinian Governments continue to uphold the   agreement and reunite families with dignity.
Will the Minister assure me that this Government will continue to support the ceasefire deal into its remaining stages and work with international partners such as Jordan and Egypt to secure a lasting peace?
I can confirm that we will continue to support the ceasefire deal through all three of its phases, which we hope to see concluded in full.
I am working with international partners, as are other Ministers; I saw the Jordanian and Egyptian ambassadors on this question just last week.