A week ago, I was in a Palestinian village with colleagues, including  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh) .
We went to a school that had been demolished by illegal settlers.
Immediately, two punks turned up with sub-machine guns, intimidating us—that is happening all over the place.
We went to Hebron.
It is completely closed down.
This is appalling.
The whole House should unite against the extremist Jewish settlers and the illegal settlements, because it is not in the interest of moderate Israeli opinion.
It is directly contrary to peace and we must fight this.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] The Father of the House, my constituency neighbour, can hear the strong support for his remarks from Members on the Government Benches.
As the Father of the House just referenced, I was in Israel, on the west bank, last week, and two things became instantly clear.
There was widespread revulsion at the sickening desecration of the bodies of the Israeli hostages by Hamas, and there was widespread fear among Palestinians, particularly those in rural areas whom we met, who had first-hand experience of their children having stones thrown at them by settlers, their neighbours having their cars torched and their own windscreens being smashed every night.
Will the Minister reassure us that those extremist settlers will be dealt with really thoroughly in our foreign policy?
My hon.
Friend sets out some of the horrific scenes that have come out of Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories in recent weeks.
I restate our opposition to a further expansion of extremist settler violence and illegal settlement.
What assessment he has made of the potential security implications of the proposed UK-Mauritius treaty on the sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
What his planned timetable is for the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos islands to Mauritius.
We remain committed to concluding a deal that protects the base on Diego Garcia.
Without a deal, the base cannot operate in practical terms as it should in its important role protecting the security of this country, the United States and our allies.
We are currently discussing the agreement with the US and Mauritius.
We will not put a deadline on its finalisation, and will come to the House in due course.
The Labour party’s determination to give away vital strategic territory in the Chagos islands, seemingly to satisfy one of the Prime Minister’s lawyer friends over our American allies, is baffling to my colleagues on the Conservative Benches.
Does the Minister agree that it is far more important to maintain our special relationship with the US and the new Trump Administration than to pay billions of pounds in the face of the self-inflicted, worsening domestic economic situation, in order to give the Chinese Government access to that vital region?
There are so many things in the hon.
Gentleman’s question that I disagree with that I do not know quite where to start.
We are not giving away the base on Diego Garcia—the deal secures that base.
If there was not a problem with its operation and its future, why did his Government start negotiations on it?