Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak on the rule for H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2024.
This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare the country for future challenges and threats.
I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense.
However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues.
While I am grateful that one of my amendments was made in order, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 (No. 136 as reported in the Rule) and included in the En Bloc package No. 3, it is beyond disappointing and disgraceful that my additional 19 amendments were not made in order-- and particularly ones I have offered for many years and have been made in order.
With respect to my amendment that was made in order, I ask for a favorable vote on the En Bloc package No. 3 in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 would require that a report be submitted within 220 days of the NDAA's passage detailing our national capacity to provide disaster survivors with short term housing.
In the aftermath of emergencies and national disasters, victims have much on their minds.
Homes, properties, businesses, and livelihoods may have been damaged in the disaster, and families, friends, and community members may be mentally and physically affected by the disaster, not to mention additional challenges as they seek to return to work and school.
As these communities begin to face the long process of recovery and rebuilding, short term housing is one of the first things disaster survivors need to get back on their feet.
Unfortunately, my constituents and I are no stranger to these kinds In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated the Houston area, affecting over 100,000 homes across the city.
In the aftermath of the storm, finding temporary housing was one of the biggest challenges to recovery for many survivors.
Short-term housing was difficult to coordinate due to the sheer number of Houstonians affected.
As such, it is crucial that Congress have a strong understanding of our current capabilities and, specifically, our ability to provide these survivors with short term housing before disaster strikes.
If voted on favorably, this report will not only inform us of our current capacity to provide housing but will also better equip Congress to respond to disasters and support survivors in the future.
In addition to this amendment, I offered the below listed amendments.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1010 condemns the actions of Boko Haram and directs the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on efforts to combat Boko Haram.
Since 2009, Boko Haram has subjected women and girls to unbearable and severe forms of abuse, including sexual slavery, sexual violence, forced marriages, forced pregnancies, and forced conversions.
The United Nation's Human Rights Council report on violations and abuses committed by this despicable organization reveals the negative impact of such violent acts on the affected communities and individuals.
And this year, in March of 2023, Boko Haram displaced at least 3,000 people in fighting along Nigerian border towns and villages.
In April of this year, Boko Haram militants also destroyed hundreds Despite regional coordination efforts by the African Union in creating Multinational Joint Task Force to fight Boko Haram, this violent organization continues to commit gross human rights abuses and serious violations of international humanitarian law, resulting in ongoing casualties and further destruction of property.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1010 would have supported efforts by the African