Union and other international entities to effectively counter the atrocities of this organization.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1084 directs the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a report on the actions taken to protect members by militants and terrorists in pursuit of bounties and inducements by the agencies, organizations, or entities aligned with the Russian Federation.
In 2020, there were reports that Russia was placing bounties on American soldiers.
Although these reports have not been confirmed, we must be prepared to contend with such threats.
The lives of our Armed Forces should be valued and protected from our Nation's adversaries.
It is important that we use our resources to ensure the safety and well-being of America's service members, as their bravery and valor are vital for America's success.
It is our duty to ensure that our troops can return to their families.
That is why I introduced an amendment to ensure that a report is made detailing the actions taken to protect Armed Forces members from armed attacks.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1084 would have ensured that we take a stand against attacks on our military and continue to protect men and women serving this country.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1099 requires the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress on the programs and procedures employed to ensure students studying abroad through Department of Defense National Security Education Programs are trained to recognize, resist, and report against recruitment efforts by agents of foreign governments.
Tens of thousands of American students study abroad each year, with hundreds of them going through the Department of Defense's National Security Education Programs.
This past year, the National Security Education Program enrolled 108 Boren fellows and 210 Boren scholars, in addition to those enrolled in the organization's seven other study abroad programs.
Protecting these students in their time abroad is a priority; hence, the need for the Secretary of Defense to ensure students know how to detect foreign intelligence and recruitment efforts.
Generating awareness about risks that study abroad students could face overseas will safeguard America from being targeted by foreign governments.
Security measures offered by my amendment, Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1099, would have continued to protect America's future by preventing foreign intelligence services from acquiring tools to inflict harm on America.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1108 requires the Secretary of Defense to evaluate the threat to national security posed by domestic terrorist groups and organizations motivated by a belief system of white supremacy.
Since 2010, white supremacists have carried out at least 17 lethal attacks, resulting in no fewer than 77 deaths.
White supremacist attacks account for more than half of all fatalities from domestic terrorism, per the FBI.
As such, the FBI has deemed that white supremacists ``pose the primary threat'' in domestic terrorism.
FBI reports have identified these racially-motivated extremists as part of a transnational movement facilitated by online networks.
Due to the FBI's assessment of a rising threat of domestic violence rooted in white supremacy, it is essential that Congress be thoroughly informed on this matter.
This amendment and the report it commissions will provide valuable information and an up-to-date, detailed evaluation of the potential domestic violence threat these groups pose moving forward.
In this way, Congress can better create meaningful policy solutions that enshrine national security and safety for all.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1108 offered an important proactive approach to combatting domestic terrorism.