political provisions are struck, thereby affirming the value of diversity and equality of opportunity throughout our military.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1406 requires a report be provided to the House and Senate Armed Services committee on the extent that readiness relies on electricity availability to bases, installations, and duty stations.
The report would provide an assessment on the military's reliance upon electricity service provided by transformers that manage power transmission from high power lines to end points.
The assessment would evaluate supply chain issues impacting the availability of transformers and surplus transformers held in reserve by the military.
The report would also assess the overall market supply and demand for transformers, and any risks that market availability issues of transformers pose to military readiness, to ensure recommendations on resolving any risk to readiness posed by supply chain issues with transformers.
The report would also evaluate the extent if any that extreme weather plays on transformer supply.
As such, Congress can be best informed on military readiness if supply chain issues with transformers persist.
And Congress can ensure that the bases, installations, and duty stations of the armed services maintain the electricity they need to remain reliable and fulfill their function, even in times of crisis induced by natural disasters or supply chain issues.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1406 offered a proactive approach to military electricity supply and would have ensured informed responses when issues arise.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1509 helps to address military recruitment and retention needs by providing the following modifications to the J-1 Visa process: J-1 Visa holders who have been legally admitted into the United States and have successfully completed 8 months out of a 12-month visa duration or 14 months out of an 18-month visa duration may pursue opportunities to join the military.
If inducted into the armed services, they would qualify for permanent residency provided they meet other enlistment requirements, military fitness standards, have no criminal background, and are of good conduct during their period of enlistment and during which time they may pursue citizenship.
During the first years of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, many military experts expressed concerns that the constant deployments could negatively impact the force with the expectation that fewer young Americans would volunteer to serve in a wartime military.
The expectations of these experts seem tenable given the current recruitment crisis following our full withdrawal from Afghanistan the summer of 2022.
With the current trend, this recruitment crisis shows no signs of abating anytime soon.
As a result, we see shrinking numbers in all branches of our forces.
To put this in perspective, the last fiscal year, the Army missed its recruitment goal by about 15,000 active-duty soldiers, roughly 25 percent of its target.
Consequently, the army was forced to cut its projected active-duty end strength from about 476,000 down to around 466,000.
Shrinking numbers is not caused by strategic choices but largely due to the lack of qualified volunteers.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1509 would have addressed this recruitment crisis with serious implications for our strategic position in this increasingly uncertain and dangerous world.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. l510 directs the Secretary of Defense to establish a task force 180 days after enactment that will report to the House and Senate Armed Services Committees and make publicly available an annual report that explains the progress made over the history of the Department of Defense and its predecessor departments (Department of War) and experiences in integrating African Americans into the branches of the armed services and the civilian staffing of Pentagon offices and agencies.
The report shall provide information on the lessons learned about the social, cultural, legal, and logistical challenges faced, obstacles incurred, advances made, and the impact of integration on the warfighting capacity of the Nation.
In this way, the lessons of military integration can be drawn upon by policy makers charged with the important and necessary work of binding up the nation's wounds first inflicted with the governmental legalization and tolerance of slavery in the United States.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1510 would have made this possible.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1512 requires the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, to submit a report identifying the personnel, training, and equipment required by the non-federalized National Guard to prevent, mitigate, respond to, and recover from natural and manmade disasters.
It is always hard to ever fully be prepared for what is to come whenever any form of disaster strikes.
It therefore helps to know that the survival specialists of the Air National Guard are always equipped, ready, and quick to respond and assist the affected communities.
Whenever a state of emergency is declared, it is because the authorities believe that the disaster that has occurred or is imminent, is severe enough to require State or federal aid to increase local resources to prevent and alleviate damage, suffering, and hardship to the affected communities.
The Air National Guard has an exceptionally unique role in aiding the prevention and recovery of these forms of disasters disaster.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1512 would have ensured that the Air National Guard was prepared to successfully fulfill their role in disaster prevention and recovery.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 15l4 requires the Secretary of the Navy, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on desalinization technology's application for defense and national security purposes to provide drought relief to areas impacted by sharp declines in water resources.
Throughout the history of our Nation, the U.S. Navy has been a pioneer in national defense and security technology.
The two main types of desalination systems on Navy ships, including reverse osmosis and distillation, produce up to 12,000 gallons of fresh, drinkable water a day.
The U.S. Navy has a unique opportunity to share resources and technology that lowers the cost of clean water production and use lowcarbon energy sources.
Now, as climate change becomes an increasing national security concern, desalinization technology could have rippling benefits for drought concerns here in the U.S. and around the world.
In one of the most unstable and geopolitical regions of the world, the Middle East and North Africa, water scarcity is a severe problem, with over 60 percent of the population having little or no access to drinking water.
Currently, the region is heavily dependent on their current system of desalination, which is expensive and energy intensive.
As many as 13 out of 22 Arab countries fall into the category of severe water scarcity and Navy desalination technology could make significant improvements in their process, addressing both climate change and security concerns.
Beyond addressing humanitarian concerns, this report will support needs here at home as water scarcity is a growing concern.
New desalination technologies could give Americans an opportunity to be prepared for the next water crisis.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1514 offered a proactive approach to protecting our national security and our planet as a whole.