Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on the rule for H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2024.
This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare the country for future challenges and threats.
I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense.
However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues.
While I am grateful that one of my amendments was made in order, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 (No. 136 as reported in the Rule) and included in the En Bloc package No. 3, it is beyond disappointing and disgraceful that my additional 19 amendments were not made in order-- and particularly ones I have offered for many years and have been made in order.
With respect to my amendment that was made in order, I ask for a favorable vote on the En Bloc package No. 3 in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 would require that a report be submitted within 220 days of the NDAA's passage detailing our national capacity to provide disaster survivors with short term housing.
In the aftermath of emergencies and national disasters, victims have much on their minds.
Homes, properties, businesses, and livelihoods may have been damaged in the disaster, and families, friends, and community members may be mentally and physically affected by the disaster, not to mention additional challenges as they seek to return to work and school.
As these communities begin to face the long process of recovery and rebuilding, short term housing is one of the first things disaster survivors need to get back on their feet.
Unfortunately, my constituents and I are no stranger to these kinds In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated the Houston area, affecting over 100,000 homes across the city.
In the aftermath of the storm, finding temporary housing was one of the biggest challenges to recovery for many suIvivors.
Short-term housing was difficult to coordinate due to the sheer number of Houstonians affected.
As such, it is crucial that Congress have a strong understanding of our current capabilities and, specifically, our ability to provide these survivors with short term housing before disaster strikes.
If voted on favorably, this report will not only inform us of our current capacity to provide housing but will also better equip Congress to respond to disasters and support survivors in the future.
In addition to this amendment, I offered the below listed amendments.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1051 directed the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the naming practices recognizing African American service members in the Department.
Throughout the history of our Nation, from the Battle of Lexington through the Battle of Fallujah to Afghanistan and Iraq, Black soldiers have served honorably and answered the call to duty during our nation's time of maximum danger.
For over 200 years, African Americans have participated in every conflict that confronted this Nation.
Besides fighting the common enemies of this country with unmatched bravery and valor, Black soldiers also had to confront individual and institutional racism of their countrymen.
African American servicemembers have served with great valor and distinction in all branches of our nation's armed forces.
Since the revolutionary war, Black Americans have faithfully defended this Nation and built a legacy of courage, commitment, and professionalism.
Like any other group of Americans, Black soldiers have served the armed forces with great honor, distinction, and generational inspiration.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1051 would have ensured that the legacies of Black American servicemembers are duly recognized and honored.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1104 requires a report to be submitted to Congress within 240 days of NDAA enactment on the risks posed by debris in low Earth orbit and to make recommendations on remediation of risks and outline plans to reduce the incident of space debris.
Space debris encompasses both natural and artificial particles and this amendment would address the risk of man-made space debris.
Manmade objects in Earth's orbit that may no longer serve a useful function can include nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris.
Space debris travels at speeds up to 17,500 miles per hour--fast enough for a small piece of man-made debris to damage a satellite or a spacecraft.
There are more than 20,000 pieces of debris larger than a softball orbiting the Earth.
There are 500,000 pieces of debris the size of a marble or larger tracked by NASA, and there are many millions of pieces This amendment seeks a report on risks posed by man-made space debris, solutions for reducing risks, and strategies for reducing the incidence of more man-made space debris being introduced into space.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1104 would have addressed these challenges.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1402 requires the Secretary of Defense to ensure that military academy graduates undergo screening for speech disorders and be provided with their results.
Many officer positions and occupation specialists require successful performance on the speech test, so it is essential that military academy students are aware of their status as they shape their career path.
Under this amendment, military academy students would have the option Thus, military academy students who do not perform successfully on the speech test have the opportunity to improve their performance and potentially go on to pursue the officer and specialist positions they seek.
Approximately 5-10 percent of all children stutter as they develop language skills.
Boys are 2 to 3 times more likely to stutter than girls.
And approximately 75 percent of children recover from stuttering, but the remaining 25 percent will experience life-long effects of stuttering.
I offered this amendment to help entrants into military academies find the right career fit for their military service after graduation.
I learned about the issue of stuttering and its implications for a successful military career through the experiences of a Legislative Fellow who once served in my D.C. office.
He was a 2016 graduate from the United States Naval Academy with a degree in Operations Research and a veteran naval officer who was separated from the Navy in April 2019 because his speech fluency testing results did not meet the Naval Aviation community standards, and so he was disqualified from serving as an aviator.
At that critical juncture he was not informed about what careers he could qualify to fill that would not be impacted by the determination regarding his speech.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1402 would have represented an important investment in military academy students, improving transparency and providing avenues for personal improvement, ensuring quality candidates for vital military leadership positions.
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1405 removes bill language about Critical Race Theory, thereby rejecting any efforts to inject politics into the armed services.
In this way, my amendment affirms the importance of July 26, 1948, the date that President Harry Truman signed Executive Order 9981, creating the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services.
This executive order desegregated the military and declared that there shall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all in the armed services without regard to race, color, religion, or national origin.
This was a major step forward and was the result of dedicated advocacy efforts from the NAACP and ACLU, as well as President Truman's own commitment to the issue.
The importance of this Executive Order and the change it brought about cannot be overstated.
The diversity of the military and the equality of opportunity found there is one of the major strengths of the armed services.
It is crucial that the armed services continue their commitment to live out the promises of equality and opportunity enshrined in Executive Order 9981.
The current provisions of the NDAA which prohibit the use of federal funds for critical race theory are largely political in nature and represent a step away from the promises President Truman made of equality and opportunity in the military.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1405 would have ensured that these