Title: HONORING SHERRI SAGER; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
214

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHERRI SAGER

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the many contributions

of Sherri Sager, SVP and Chief Government Relations Officer at Stanford

Medicine's Lucile Packard Children's Hospital (LPCH) at Stanford.
After

over 29 years of outstanding service with LPCH, Sherri has retired.
Our

community is grateful to her for her many years of advocacy and

dedication to making our government's healthcare system work better for

our most vulnerable patients and their families.
During her time at LPCH, Sherri organized and managed the government

relations program, monitored proposed laws and public policy that could

impact the Hospital, and oversaw the community partnerships and

volunteer services departments.
She served on numerous nonprofit boards

and statewide task forces and was recognized for her knowledge of

public policy, especially related to healthcare, organizing ability,

and political acumen.
Sherri believed that we could work to keep kids

from having to come to the hospital in the first place by investing in

improving the health of all children in the community.
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize and commend Sherri Sager

for her commitment to helping improve healthcare access for low-income

women and children in our community.
Sherri will be missed in her

retirement, and we wish her the best in this new phase of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
GLENN E. DENTON, JR.
HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Glenn

E. Denton, Jr., who passed away on November 25, 2023.
He was 73 years

old.
Mr. Denton was born in Rushville, Nebraska to Glenn and Joyce Denton.
He was one of nine children.
From an early age, Mr. Denton learned the

value of hard work and perseverance, having grown up working on his

family's ranch.
After his high school graduation in 1968, Mr. Denton

enlisted in the United States Marine Corps, following in the footsteps

of his grandfather, who served in the Civil War, and father, who served

during World War II.
In 1969, while on a mission to recover the remains

of fallen Marines in Vietnam, Mr. Denton, along with seven of his

comrades in the 1st Marine Division, made a promise to each other to

share the stories of the Marines who lost their lives--all while

sharing Kool-Aid together.
From that day on, the eight Marines became

known as the Kool-Aid Kids.
After his service, Mr. Denton moved to

Bakersfield, where he became a recruiter for the Marine Corps.
Soon

after his move, Mr. Denton acquired a 10-acre parcel of land, which was

first used by his fellow Marines as a place to gather.
During this

time, he remained steadfast in his commitment to preserving the legacy

of his fellow servicemembers who lost their lives during the war.
In 1978, the Kool-Aid Kids' mission inspired him to start Camp

Hamilton Veterans Memorial on his parcel, a nonprofit dedicated to

honoring service men and women from all branches of the military.
Mr.

Denton named the memorial after his brother in arms, Leonard Hamilton.
Today, Camp Hamilton has planted more than 339 trees to honor

servicemembers who lost their lives during or as a consequence of war.
With the help of the Memorial's dedicated volunteers, Camp Hamilton has

become a place where servicemembers, veterans, families, and loved ones

come together to celebrate the sacrifice and bravery of the Marines,

airmen, soldiers, and sailors from across the Central Valley.
After a career spanning nearly thirty years, Mr. Denton retired in

1995 as a Master Gunnery Sergeant.
He was a highly decorated Marine,

having been awarded a prestigious Purple Heart medal to honor his

bravery and sacrifice during the Vietnam War.
Mr. Denton is survived by

his siblings, children, and his loving wife, Esther.