Title: HONORING DR.
WILLIE J. REECE, JR.;
Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
148

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
WILLIE J. REECE, JR.
HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable unsung hero, Dr. Willie J. Reece, Jr.

Dr. Willie J. Reece, Jr. is a native of Grenada, MS and the youngest

of six children.
His parents Willie Reece, Sr.
and the late Sharon

Seals Reece are his biggest inspirations.
Dr. Reece enjoys singing and is actively involved as a member at

Greater Faith MB Church under the leadership of Pastor Alvin D. Brown,

Sr.
Dr. Reece graduated from Grenada High School in 2010 and received his

Bachelor of Art degree in psychology from the University of Southern

Mississippi in 2014.
Later, he obtained two master's degrees from Belhaven University--

Master of Art in Teaching (2016) and Master of Education in Curriculum

and Instruction (2018).
In 2019, Dr. Reece completed an educational leadership degree, and he

completed the doctor of education program in educational leadership in

2023.
Dr. Reece has completed eight years of experience in education in the

roles of teacher, lead teacher, MTSS coordinator, curriculum

specialist, and principal.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Willie

J. Reece, Jr. for his dedication and tenacity to serving his community

and desire to be a light that shines even in his dark times.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KELVIN REED

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and self-motivated leader, Kelvin Reed.
Kelvin Reed has shown

what can be done through hard work, dedication, and a desire to

achieve.
Kelvin Reed was one of Warren Central's top boys' basketball players

in the late 1980s.
He led the Vikings in scoring as a sophomore, and

steals and assists as a junior and senior, and was twice selected to

The Vicksburg Post's All-County team.
Reed averaged 15 points, 7

assists and 3 steals per game over three varsity seasons.
After high school, Reed moved on to Pensacola Junior College in

Florida.
He set the school's assists record and led the team to the

1993 NJCAA Division I national championship.
Reed was inducted into the 2022 Vicksburg Warren School District

Athletic Hall of Fame.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kelvin

Reed for his passion and dedication to the Vicksburg Warren School

District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LARRY BENFORD

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and self-motivated leader, Pastor Larry Benford.
He has shown

what can be done through hard work, dedication, and a desire to

achieve.
Pastor Larry Benford surrendered his heart to God at a very young age

and he has been declaring the good news of the Lord Jesus Christ since

then.
A native of Leland, Pastor Benford graduated from Leland High

School and Mississippi Valley State University, where he received a

bachelor's degree in environmental health with a minor in Chemistry.
He

also has received training from The University of Illinois at Chicago

as well as formal Biblical tutelage from Lifeway Christian and New

Orleans Theological Seminary.
Pastor Benford is an anointed leader.
With pastoral services

expanding over two decades, through the help of the Holy Spirit, he has

served as Deacon, Sunday School Director, Assistant Pastor, and Pastor

at Greater Springfield, Victory Temple and Mount Carmel Churches,

respectively.
As pastor of Living Word Fellowship Church since October 10, 1999, he

has always taken the stance that the Word must be taught with passion

and boldness--without compromise--in order that the lost will be saved,

and the saved will be strengthened.