I would also like to recognize the volunteers

and guardians traveling on this trip: Janet Wilkerson, and the

guardians who have also served our country: Kathrine Berg, Army; Jody

William, III, Marine Corps.
Mr. Speaker, in his 1983 Memorial Day address, Ronald Reagan said,

``We are forever indebted to those who have given their lives that we

might be free.''
As a Nation, we must never take for granted the

liberties we enjoy today, recognizing that these freedoms have been

hard-won by the honor, commitment, and sacrifice of our Veterans.
Each

Member in this chamber and citizen in these United States should be

humbled by the courage of the brave Veterans who voluntarily underwent

the dangers necessary to preserve our country.
Colleagues, please join

me in thanking these Veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of

Oregon for their remarkable service and devotion to our great country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF JACK DELBERT STEWART II

HON.
COLIN Z. ALLRED

Mr. ALLRED.
Mr. Speaker, on September 2, 2023, Jack Delbert Stewart

II, died peacefully at his home in Denton, Texas at the age of 88.
He

was born on July 6, 1935, in Ennis, Texas, to the late Jack Delbert and

Dora Ellen (Johnson) Stewart.
He graduated from Ennis High School in

1953 and Abilene Christian College in 1957.
During his summer breaks,

he and some friends worked for the U.S. Forest Service backing up the

Hot Shot teams fighting wildfires out of Coeur D'Alene, Idaho.
In 1958, a roommate set Jack up on a blind date with Jean Pogue.
They

went to the King and I at the State Fair.
After a two-year courtship,

they were married on January 23, 1960.
Jack served for six years in the 49th Armored Division of the Texas

National Guard, which was mobilized in April of 1961 during the Cuban

Missile Crisis.
They spent one year stationed at Fort Polk in

Leesville, Louisiana.
Jack and Jean returned to Dallas where he worked for Industrial

Indemnity Insurance until he was transferred to Beaumont.
In 1970, they

moved to San Antonio to work with SP Personnel Associates.
He was a

member of the MacArthur Park Church of Christ where he was active in

church leadership, serving as both a Deacon and an Elder.
He also

served on the founding board of Christian Heritage Schools.
In 1992, they moved to Abilene for Jack to be the director of the

Career Center at Abilene Christian University.
There he helped students

prepare for life after college, including helping to counsel them on

career next steps as well as resume writing, interviewing skills,

choosing the right majors, and setting up job fairs and job interviews.
Of all the careers he had, this was his favorite because he loved

working with the students and helping to put them on a path to success.
He was an active member of Hillcrest Church of Christ and served as an

Elder.
Jack always had a servant's heart, and he volunteered frequently at

the food pantry in Abilene.
A committed family man who always wanted

everyone to be together, Jack and Jean fulfilled a dream of buying a

cabin in Angel Fire, New Mexico where they shared

many wonderful memories with their friends and family.
He was also a

lifelong Dallas Cowboys and San Antonio Spurs fan.
He rarely missed a

game and loved to talk sports, including the latest on his ACU

Wildcats.
In April of 2021, Jack and Jean moved to Denton to be closer

to family and UT Southwestern.
He is survived by his wife Jean of 63 years and their children, Jeff,

Jay, and Jill.
Jack was blessed with seven grandchildren who knew him

as Papa, including Joshua Stewart, Jackson Stewart, Meghan Tapia,

Morgan O'Connell, Jamie Barber, Clarke Bartholomew and Grant Dowdy.
Papa was also a great-grandfather to Grace and Evelyn O'Connell, Elliot

Stewart, and Willow Tapia.