An outcome that seemed a fantasy to those

who saw him during his initial recovery less than four years ago, is a

testament to the enthusiasm and determined work ethic he was known for

when he joined the department.
In his service commitment to the community he swore to protect, and

through the courage he has shown through his recovery, Urban embodies

the very essence of Texas values.
Each day he is continuing to build

the example for those who will follow in his footsteps.
On behalf of a grateful community, I want to thank Urban Rodriguez

for his service and example.
I truly wish him the very best in a well-

deserved retirement and for the continued contribution I know he will

make in his new role and as an inspiration for his children and all who

hear of his story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN FIELDER

HON.
JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague,

Representative DeGette, to honor the life of an extraordinary

Coloradan.
John Fielder was a prolific nature photographer who lived in Summit

County since 2006.
Over 50 books have been published showing his

photography.
John also worked to protect Colorado's ranches, public lands, and

wildlife.
Over his 40 year career, John was recognized on several

occasions for his work.
He received the 1993 Sierra Club Ansel Adams

Award, the 2011 the Aldo Leopold Foundation's first Achievement Award

ever given to an individual, and an Honorary Degree in Sustainability

Studies from Colorado Mountain College.
We thank John for his work elevating the natural beauty of Colorado

and for fighting to protect our pristine lands.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONOR FLIGHT OF SOUTHERN OREGON

HON.
CLIFF BENTZ

Mr. BENTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Vietnam and Korean

War Veterans from Oregon's Second Congressional District who, through

the efforts of Honor Flight of Oregon, are visiting their memorials on

the National Mall.
When I meet these heroes, I am reminded of the

enduring words of George S. Patton, Jr., who said, ``The highest

obligation and privilege of citizenship is that of bearing arms for

one's country.''
These words, Mr. Speaker, still ring true today.
Those

who value liberty are indebted to these heroes, for each one of them

defended our freedom through acts of service, sacrifice, and bravery on

behalf of our country.
It is my privilege to include in the Record

their names.
The Veterans on this Honor Flight from Oregon are: Joshua Alvarez,

Army; Dennis Anderson, Navy; Thomas Beckley, Army; Jerry Chartier, Sr,

Marine Corps; Fredd Conn, Marine Corps; David Cunningham, Navy; William

Duncan, Army; Richard Gehrke, Navy/Marine Corps; Edward Goodman, Navy;

Roger Haynes, Air Force/Army; Robert Howerton, Navy; Michael Hoffman,

Navy; David Johnson, Army; Earl Kilpatrick, Air Force; Jesse Redding,

Navy; Paul Lofland, Army; Robert Long, Marine Corps; Jesus Lopez, Air

Force; Preton Manville II, Marine Corps; William Mathews, Army/Air

Force; Lawrence Mixon, Jr, Army; Charles Owen, Army; Robert Rammin,

Army; Steven Rolston, Army; Loyd Thurman, Army; Jerry White, Army; and

Otto William, Air Force.
These heroes join over 260,000 Veterans, who

since 2005, have been honored through the nationwide Honor Flight

Network of volunteers.
I would also like to recognize the volunteers

and guardians traveling on this trip: Janet Wilkerson, and the

guardians who have also served our country: Kathrine Berg, Army; Jody

William, III, Marine Corps.
Mr. Speaker, in his 1983 Memorial Day address, Ronald Reagan said,

``We are forever indebted to those who have given their lives that we

might be free.''
As a Nation, we must never take for granted the

liberties we enjoy today, recognizing that these freedoms have been

hard-won by the honor, commitment, and sacrifice of our Veterans.