Pastor Benford is an anointed leader.
With pastoral services

expanding over two decades, through the help of the Holy Spirit, he has

served as Deacon, Sunday School Director, Assistant Pastor, and Pastor

at Greater Springfield, Victory Temple and Mount Carmel Churches,

respectively.
As pastor of Living Word Fellowship Church since October 10, 1999, he

has always taken the stance that the Word must be taught with passion

and boldness--without compromise--in order that the lost will be saved,

and the saved will be strengthened.
Growing together in the Word of God, Pastor Larry and First Lady

Wanda Benford are consummate students of the Word and outspoken

believers in its ability to change lives for the better.
Pastor Larry

and First Lady Wanda Benford's greatest desire is that others would

develop an intimate, personal relationship with the Lord.
Pastor Larry and First Lady Wanda Benford have been married for 32

years.
To this union, they have been blessed with 3 daughters, Keyna,

Leslie and Ariel and 3 grandchildren, La'Kya, Kylar and Gervase.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Larry

Benford for his passion and dedication to serving the Lord, his

members, and his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING OFFICER URBANO RODRIGUEZ, JR.
HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of

Officer Urbano Rodriguez, Jr., a dedicated civil servant who is

retiring from the Denton Police Department, having honorably served his

community for over a decade.
Prior to joining the Police Department, Urban, as he is fondly known,

worked for over two years at the Denton Animal Shelter.
During that

time he bonded with one particular disabled dog, personally

constructing a makeshift walking device that was equipped with wheels

to a11ow the dog to walk freely.
This act of compassion and needs-based

service is symbolic of the character and calling that quickly led him

to leave the shelter to become a Police recruit for the City in 2014.
Upon completion of his training, Urban joined the front lines of the

Denton Police Department as a part of the thin blue line protecting the

public he had committed to serve.
He knew from the outset that he

belonged on the streets.
Recognized as a ``go-getter'' with a strong

work ethic, Urban quickly became a valued member of the Denton PD team.
During his service he was involved in a number of notable traffic

stops, including a large and unexpected confiscation of

methamphetamine.
Through the dedication and effort he and his shift

partners brought to the streets, he helped disrupt a damaging delivery.
protecting the community by preventing it from reaching its intended

market.
Urban was confronted with the full weight of his commitment when, on

October 29, 2019, as a five-year veteran of the Denton Police

Department, he was unexpectedly attacked and struck by multiple bullets

from an assailant's weapon during a routine traffic stop.
It was at

that moment that Urban's inner strength and character were defined.
Unimaginably, he survived the trauma, beginning the long, difficult

path to become the walking miracle he is today.
When many felt it unlikely that he would even leave the hospital,

Urban's strength and resolve led him through a challenging

rehabilitation process to not only leave the hospital bed, but push

beyond the damage of his injuries to regain his strength and mobility

to once again walk freely.
An outcome that seemed a fantasy to those

who saw him during his initial recovery less than four years ago, is a

testament to the enthusiasm and determined work ethic he was known for

when he joined the department.
In his service commitment to the community he swore to protect, and

through the courage he has shown through his recovery, Urban embodies

the very essence of Texas values.
Each day he is continuing to build

the example for those who will follow in his footsteps.