From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 14, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 19

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on Health Care

To hold hearings to examine aging in place, focusing on

the vital role of home health in access to care.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine corporate manipulation of

Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2024 for the Federal

Communications Commission.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine advanced technology, focusing

on threats to national security.
SEPTEMBER 20

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine artificial intelligence in

financial services.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine public investment.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rebecca

Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, Melissa Holyoak, of Utah,

and Andrew N. Ferguson, of Virginia, each to be a

Federal Trade Commissioner, and Douglas Dziak, of

Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product

Safety Commission.
2:15 p.m.

Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine growing the economy of the

future, focusing on job training for the clean energy

transition.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine drought impacts on drinking

water access and water availability.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine drinking water infrastructure

and tribal communities.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine improving mental health and

suicide prevention measures for our Nation's veterans.
SEPTEMBER 27

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the General

Services Administration, focusing on examining the

Federal real estate portfolio.
SEPTEMBER 28

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine solutions to address beverage

container waste.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DANIEL ``DANNY'' LEE CROMER

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a proud

South Carolinian, a devoted public servant, and a dear friend, Daniel

``Danny'' Lee Cromer.
Danny transitioned to eternal rest on September

5, 2023, in Columbia, South Carolina.
His brilliance and personality

will be remembered by all who were fortunate to meet him.
Daniel Lee Cromer was born on August 19, 1958, in Greenville, South

Carolina.
He was a proud graduate of Carolina High School and of the

University of South Carolina where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in

Political Science in 1980.
He furthered his studies in public

administration and social work at his beloved alma mater.