Daniel Lee Cromer was born on August 19, 1958, in Greenville, South

Carolina.
He was a proud graduate of Carolina High School and of the

University of South Carolina where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in

Political Science in 1980.
He furthered his studies in public

administration and social work at his beloved alma mater.
In 1981, Danny embarked on what would become a lifetime career in

public service beginning in the office of two governors of South

Carolina, Governor Richard Wilson Riley, a Democrat, and Governor

Carroll A. Campbell, Jr., a Republican.
In those offices, Danny

coordinated federal grant applications and intergovernmental review for

all federal programs across the state of South Carolina.
Following my election to Congress in 1992, Danny moved to Washington,

D.C. and joined my staff as Legislative Director, a position he would

serve in for 18 years.
Danny quickly developed expertise in federal

spending and the appropriations process.
He viewed his role as a

champion of poor communities in South Carolina and was committed to

channeling federal investment to people that needed it most.
Building

on his experience in my office, he served on the staff of the House

Appropriations Committee before retiring in 2013.
Danny was integral to

many of my legislative accomplishments but perhaps his proudest

achievement was his work creating the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage

Corridor.
Having worked for years on the legislation which passed in

2006, the Secretary of Interior appointed Danny to the Gullah Geechee

Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission where he served for 14 years.
Danny was an iconic character on Capitol Hill.
While a passionate

Democrat, he was often called on by members of Congress and staff from

both sides of the aisle to find solutions to thorny appropriations and

legislative issues.
Never shy with his opinions or his unique Southern

sense of humor, Danny made an indelible impression on all who met him,

from visitors to my office to colleagues.
He was passionate about

mentoring interns and young staffers, always taking time to teach and

impart lessons from his experiences.
Danny was a devoted, longtime parishioner of St. Monica and St. James

Episcopal Church on Capitol Hill, often inviting his friends and

colleagues to join him for worship.
His love for the church knew no

bounds and he was particularly proud of his service on the vestry.
He

relished the high mass, organ music, and rituals of the Episcopal

Church.
After relocating to Columbia, he joined St. Timothy's Episcopal

Church.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in honoring

the remarkable life of Danny Cromer.
Danny often quoted a Morman hymn:

``Do what is right, let the consequence follow.''
Danny lived by those

words, and the people of South Carolina are better off because of his

adherence to them.
I will always remember Danny and he will be sorely

missed.