He is survived by his wife Jean of 63 years and their children, Jeff,

Jay, and Jill.
Jack was blessed with seven grandchildren who knew him

as Papa, including Joshua Stewart, Jackson Stewart, Meghan Tapia,

Morgan O'Connell, Jamie Barber, Clarke Bartholomew and Grant Dowdy.
Papa was also a great-grandfather to Grace and Evelyn O'Connell, Elliot

Stewart, and Willow Tapia.
He was known as Apple Jack to his nephew

Todd and nieces Tracy and Taylor.
He was preceded in death by his brother Michael G. Stewart and wife

Barbara.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I was not present for one vote during the

vote series last night.
Had I been present, I would have voted NO on

Roll Call No.
383.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JIM WEBER RETIREMENT

HON.
RICK LARSEN

Mr. LARSEN of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jim

Weber who recently retired after a 47-year career at the Port of

Everett.
A native of Marysville, Washington, Jim began working at the

Port's marina as a seasonal employee while attending Marysville-

Pilchuck High School.
Jim did whatever needed to be done--pushing a

broom, checking moorings and taking meter readings.
Four years later,

he landed a full-time job with the maintenance team.
Over the next 43

years, Jim worked his way up at the marina--from maintenance journeyman

to maintenance foreman to operations director.
His hard work and

dedication earned him great respect among his colleagues and everyone

he encountered at the Port.
Jim's storied career paralleled the growth of the Port of Everett.
When Jim first started working at the marina in the 1970s, the Port

hosted fishermen, mill workers and log tug crews; its central marina

was home to fewer than 1,000 slips.
Over the next 50 years, Jim played

a central role in the transformation of the Port from an industrial

waterfront into the largest public marina on the West Coast, helping to

design, build, maintain and upgrade many of the marina's facilities, as

well as the Jetty Landing boat launch, Jetty Island docks and Boxcar

Park.
Today, the new and improved Port is the ``jewel of Snohomish

County,'' a place where people can work, shop, go out to eat and enjoy

the outdoors, thanks to the hard work of people like Jim Weber.
Jim was

involved in and had time to enjoy many of the great events the Port

offers throughout the year, including Wheels on the Waterfront, Sail-In

Cinema, Holiday on the Bay, waterfront concerts, Opening Day of Boating

and fishing derby events.
Mr. Speaker, Jim Weber's accomplishments are many, and his commitment

to the Port of Everett is remarkable.
As Jim told the Everett Herald in

a recent article, he plans to dig his toes in the sand a bit and buy a

few more classic cars in retirement.
Congratulations to Jim on a well-

earned retirement.
We hope to see him showing off his newest classic

car at Wheels on the Waterfront.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.