BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

both Allan and Kim Overhiser for their incredible service to Allegan

County and on their induction to the prestigious Michigan Farmers Hall

of Fame.
It is an honor to express my gratitude for their dedication

and commitment to our community and Southwest Michigan.
Mr. Allan Overhiser was raised on the Overhiser farm and decided to

follow in his family's fruit growing tradition.
When his father

retired, Allan and Kim Overhiser took over the business and became the

fifth generation of family farmers.
Under their combined leadership,

the farm has expanded to 325 acres and includes more than 30,000 fruit

trees.
Allan and Kim have brought on their son, Alex, to continue

managing the family's farming operations.
Coinciding with his agricultural and business leadership, Allan has

also diligently served his community.
Allan spent 16 years as the Casco

Township Clerk from 1988 to 2004 and has continued his service as the

Township Supervisor since he was first elected in 2004.
On Allan's

watch, his constituents have directly benefitted from the development

of a 20-acre park overlooking Lake Michigan, the creation of the South

Haven Area Water and Sewer Authority, and the establishment of the

South Haven Area Emergency Services Authority.
He is a recipient of the

Michigan Horticultural Society Distinguished Service Award.
In addition to helping run their family farm, Kim Overhiser has also

distinguished herself as a community leader.
She is a founding member

of the Michigan Agritourism Association, a board member for the

Lakeshore Harvest Country Association, a Cub Scout leader, and as a

strong supporter of Fennville High School Athletics and Bands.
Kim's

passion for service has helped make Southwest Michigan an even better

place to live, work, and raise a family.
Mr. Speaker, I thank the House for joining me to congratulate Allan

and Kim Overhiser on their well-deserved Hall of Fame induction and for

their years of dedicated service to Allegan County and Michigan's 4th

Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ASSISTANT FIRE CHIEF STEVE DENSMORE

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Mr. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize Assistant Fire

Chief and Melvindale City Council Member Steve Densmore for his 27

years of service with the Dearborn Fire Department in Michigan's 12th

District Strong.
Assistant Fire Chief Densmore got his start in public service in

1996.
After only 1 year of service, he received the first of many

Meritorious Company Commendations.
In addition, he has been recognized

numerous times for valor and lifesaving.
Over the course of his public

service career, Assistant Chief Densmore has committed himself to

continuous professional development, completing numerous certification

programs in various rescue operations techniques and other technical

programming.
Assistant Chief Densmore has been an outstanding public servant to

the communities served by the Dearborn Fire Department.
Please join me

in recognizing his 27 years of commitment to protecting our families'

safety across Michigan's 12th District Strong as we wish him well in

his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE SAVANNAH FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the

Savannah Fire Department for its unwavering service towards our

community.
Throughout my time in government at the local, state, and

federal levels, I have always known them to be a reliable force for

good in the Savannah area.
For example, in early March the Savannah

Fire Department saved the life of a young girl at a swim meet.
An 11-year old girl was swimming at the Chatham County Aquatic Center

when she began to drown.
Savannah Fire responded to the call and found

the young girl unable to breathe and in cardiac arrest.
The

Firefighters quickly began CPR, and they continued until she regained

breathing and a pulse.