A great storyteller with an unceasing curiosity about the world

around him, Joe loved his family, conversations, politics, architecture

and design, and travel.
He was a kind and supportive father, brother,

and friend, including mine for many decades.
On Tuesday, July 11, 2023, our world lost a bright soul, who was

committed to making it a better place for everyone.
Joe was 75 years

old, and is survived by his 2 children, Iris and Jordan, and their

mother, Bonnie; his twin brother Ted Siff (Janelle Buchanan) of Austin,

Texas, as well as nieces and numerous cousins.
Mr. Speaker, once again, I am pleased to honor the life and legacy of

Joe Siff, and I am grateful to share his story with the rest of our

Nation.
I cherish our memories while admiring his significant, personal

contributions.
He worked tirelessly to make our state and the world a better place.
May he Rest in Peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF INA YVONNE WHISENHUNT

TILLMAN

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life

and legacy of an educator, administrator, and all-around phenomenal

woman, Ina Yvonne Whisenhunt Tillman, who passed away on August 8,

2023, at the age of 85.
Ina was born in Vredenburgh, Alabama, to the late Martha Packer

Whisenhunt and Walter Carver Whisenhunt, Sr.
Upon graduating high

school, Ina followed her passion for education at Alabama State

University where she earned her Bachelor of Science in Education in

1960.
Returning home from Montgomery as a teacher, Ina spent the next

decade teaching in the Selma City School System.
As a college student, Ina was inspired to get involved in the fight

for civil rights by influential activists like Thelma M. Glass and

Attorney E.D. Nixon, who served as her professors and frequent

speakers.
When she returned to Selma, she continued to stay involved in

the Movement, participating in numerous marches and demonstrations.
She

was a proud member of the Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church, where she heard

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. speak, solidifying her commitment to

fighting for liberty, equality, and justice for all, especially the

African-American community.
Bringing her activism to her classroom, Ina

bravely

took on the task as 1 of the first Black teachers to integrate Cedar

Park Elementary School.
In 1971, Ina left home again, relocating to Mobile, AL, to advance

her career in academia.
She served as the Educational Director of Head

Start in Pascagoula, MS, before transitioning into the Mobile County

School System as a Title-IV Assistant Director and Chapter I Assistant

Director.
Ina made her mark as a dynamic educator and always worked to

improve the lives of her students both inside and outside the

classroom.
Aspiring to become a principal, Ina continued her education

at the University of South Alabama, earning her master's degree in 1974

and then at the University of Alabama for her associate's degree 2

years later.
Following a battle between local Black educators and the school

system, where a judge ruled in favor of the educators regarding

discriminatory hiring practices, Ina accomplished her goal, becoming

the Assistant Principal of Mattie T. Blount High School.
She later

served as Principal of E.T. Belsaw/Mt. Vernon School until her

retirement in 1995.
Throughout her life, Ina was an active member of her community, no

matter where she relocated.
She was a proud member of Delta Sigma Theta

Sorority, Incorporated; The Links, Incorporated; and Phi Delta Kappa.
She also received many awards and recognitions, including the

Outstanding Educational Service Award from Blount High School; the

Outstanding Educator Award from Phi Delta Kappa; the Top Career Woman

of the Year in 1988; and the Area Director's Award from The Links, Inc.

Later in life, Ina expanded her community impact through the written

word.