Throughout her life, Ina was an active member of her community, no

matter where she relocated.
She was a proud member of Delta Sigma Theta

Sorority, Incorporated; The Links, Incorporated; and Phi Delta Kappa.
She also received many awards and recognitions, including the

Outstanding Educational Service Award from Blount High School; the

Outstanding Educator Award from Phi Delta Kappa; the Top Career Woman

of the Year in 1988; and the Area Director's Award from The Links, Inc.

Later in life, Ina expanded her community impact through the written

word.
She authored books and papers, even writing one on her life

growing up in Selma, titled ``Just Live,'' a complication of short

stories.
Ina's penmanship led her to contribute to the Mobile Press-

Register and win first place in the 1992 National Convention of Delta

Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for her position paper.
Ina's is preceded in death by her parents and her brothers, Willie

James Whisenhunt and Walter Carver Whisenhunt, Jr. She is survived by

her daughter, Felicia (Marvin); son, Joseph (Renunda); 6 grandchildren,

Jeremy Populus Jones, Ari Clayton-Brinkley (Calvin), Kobi Jones, Mikah

Jones, Charles Clayton, Chloe Jones; sister-in-law, Patricia

Whisenhunt; 2 nephews, Bradley Whisenhunt and Corey Whisenhunt; 4

nieces, Angela Whisenhunt, Cheryl Whisenhunt Young (Kimmer), Denise

Whisenhunt Carey (Rodney), and Erica Whisenhunt; 2 cousins, Mary Powell

and Jacquitta Powell Green; 1 stepdaughter, Gracie M. Anderson

(Brosofski); and a host of other family and friends.
On a personal note, my twin brothers and I affectionately called her

``T'Vonne''.
Our families were close forever friends.
Growing up in

Selma, I have so many fond memories of the good times we enjoyed with

her children.
Her daughter ``Lisa'' and son ``Jojo'' were our childhood

best friends.
When those boys got together it was triple trouble.
Even

when they moved to Mobile, we continued to stay connected.
Over the

years, we have celebrated family triumphs and comforted each other

during times of sorrow and pain.
T'Vonne was like a second mother to

me--always providing wise counsel and words of encouragement.
She will

be missed, but I know that her incredible legacy will live on in the

many people she impacted.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy

community activist.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

KELLER HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT, MAXIMUS WILLIAMSON

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero of the week, Keller High School student, Maximus

Williamson.
At 14 years old, Maximus set a new National Age Group

record for the boys 13-14 age group at the 2021 Texas Age Group

Swimming Championships, becoming the fastest American male in the

event's history for his age range.
He has continued to excel, recently breaking more records, and taking

home the gold in the 200 meters individual medley course at the World

Junior Championships.
As if Maximus taking home gold wasn't impressive

enough, his performance at the championships is matched by only 1 other

American teenager, a man who went on to win 4 consecutive Olympic gold

medals in the race.
His time compares to what the great Michael Phelps

accomplished at that age.
I congratulate Maximus on his win and thank him for representing

North Texas well.
I wish him all the best in his future competitions

and will be rooting for him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALLAN AND KIM OVERHISER INDUCTION TO MICHIGAN FARMERS HALL

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

both Allan and Kim Overhiser for their incredible service to Allegan

County and on their induction to the prestigious Michigan Farmers Hall

of Fame.
It is an honor to express my gratitude for their dedication

and commitment to our community and Southwest Michigan.