May his legacy continue

to guide and inspire us for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOSEPH TRENT SIFF

HON.
LLOYD DOGGETT

Mr. DOGGETT.
Mr. Speaker, today, it is with a heavy but grateful

heart that I rise in honor of the late Joseph ``Joe'' Trent Siff, who

was a dedicated, principled political activist with more than 50 years

of support and work for local, state, and national leaders.
His

involvement began in 1968 and lasted through his local precinct work in

Houston and his volunteer work for Rep. Lizzie Fletcher in 2022.
Joe was born on November 16, 1947, in Akron, Ohio, the son of Alvin

Stanley and Iris Gene Siff.
The Siff family moved from Akron to

Houston, Texas, when Joe and his twin brother Ted were 6 months old.
From the beginning, Joe and Ted were each other's biggest supporters

and good-natured competitors--even running against 1 another for

president of their sixth-grade class, but losing to a third candidate.
With an impressive list of accomplishments as a child and young

adult, Joe was an Eagle Scout as well as a proud member of the first

class to attend all 4 years at Memorial High.
He was also a multi-year

class officer and champion orator and debater.
Joe excelled at almost

everything he did.
As a huge Houston Colt 45's/Astros fan, Joe worked for many years as

a press box runner and assisted sports writers, announcers, and

scoreboard keepers during home games.
Always 1 to pay it forward, he

helped several fellow members of the Memorial High speech and drama

teams get summer jobs as tour guides and ushers.
After completing his freshman year at Lafayette College, Joe finished

college at Rice University, studying architecture.
In 1968, he was part

of the campaign team to elect John Hill as Governor of Texas.
In 1970, Joe was elected president of the Associate Student Chapters

of the American Institute of Architecture (AIA), where he served on the

national board and testified before Congress.
Two years later, Joe

would return to help John Hill become the Texas Attorney General while

also taking part in the campaign for Sissy Farenthold for Governor.
He

also served on the advance team for Sargent Shriver's Vice-Presidential

campaign.
Campaign work inspired Joe and eventually resulted in him becoming an

assistant to Boston Mayor Kevin White.
Before Joe's health problems

arose, he would also serve as a precinct election worker.
He was a

loyal member of the Texas Democratic Party.
His advocacy, like his

concern for others, knew no boundaries; his passion knew no limits.
At the completion of his work for Mayor White, Joe returned to

Houston where he started his career as a financial advisor.
He quickly

became a senior vice president at Prudential Bache Securities and then

at Lehman Brothers.
In the early 1980s, Joe married Bonnie Hickerson.
This marriage was

blessed with the births of Iris Trent Siff and then Jordan Benjamin

Siff.
Joe's personality was infectious.
He maintained relationships,

fostered friendships, and often tried to help friends achieve their

goals.
It was a natural transition in the 1990's when he created his

firm, Access Strategies, to connect people and their ideas to the

capital and other resources they needed.
This talent, matched with his

wide-ranging network, resulted in projects involving real estate, art,

book and live performance productions, and so much more.
His multi-

decade representation of artist David Adickes is I example of his many

skills.
A great storyteller with an unceasing curiosity about the world

around him, Joe loved his family, conversations, politics, architecture

and design, and travel.
He was a kind and supportive father, brother,

and friend, including mine for many decades.
On Tuesday, July 11, 2023, our world lost a bright soul, who was

committed to making it a better place for everyone.