An 11-year old girl was swimming at the Chatham County Aquatic Center

when she began to drown.
Savannah Fire responded to the call and found

the young girl unable to breathe and in cardiac arrest.
The

Firefighters quickly began CPR, and they continued until she regained

breathing and a pulse.
Thanks to the quick actions of Savannah Fire,

she is still with us today.
I would like to personally thank Advanced Firefighter Phil Haag,

Captain Brian Smith, and Advanced Firefighter Mario Smith for their

actions in saving this young girl.
This is just one of the many ways

they keep our community safe every single day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALT LAKE COMMUNITY COLLEGE 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
BURGESS OWENS

Mr. OWENS.
Mr. Speaker, this year, the entire state of Utah

celebrates a remarkable milestone in our community's history--the 75th

anniversary of Salt Lake Community College.
As Utah's largest college

with more than 45,000 students across 10 campuses, SLCC has played a

pivotal role in shaping the lives of countless individuals and has been

a cornerstone of education and progress in the Beehive State.
Over the past seven and a half decades, Salt Lake Community College

has been a beacon of opportunity, offering a pathway to success for

students from all walks of life.
It has embraced the values of

collaboration, community, inclusivity, learning, innovation, integrity,

and trust, providing a welcoming environment for students of varying

backgrounds and aspirations.
As we commemorate this milestone, we must recognize the dedication

and hard work of the faculty, staff, and administrators who have

tirelessly supported and guided our students throughout their

educational journeys.
The impact of their commitment extends far beyond

the walls of the classroom, touching the hearts and minds of our

community members.
The successes achieved by Salt Lake Community College alumni are a

testament to the institution's commitment to excellence.
Graduates have

gone on to become leaders, innovators, and contributors to our society

in various fields.
Their accomplishments reflect the quality of

education and opportunities provided here.
I would also like to acknowledge the role of the community in

nurturing and sustaining this institution.
Salt Lake Community College

has thrived because of the unwavering support of the people it serves.
Your investment in education has paid dividends in the form of a more

skilled and empowered workforce, contributing to the prosperity of our

region.
As we look ahead to the future, let us continue to support Salt Lake

Community College's mission of empowering individuals through

education.
Let us rededicate ourselves to the values of learning,

growth, and community that have defined this institution for 75 years.
Together, we can ensure that SLCC remains a beacon of hope and

opportunity for generations to come.
Congratulations to Salt Lake Community College on this momentous

occasion and may the next 75 years be even more fruitful and inspiring.
I thank them for their dedication to our community and its future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HATEM HOSSINO

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I offer my congratulations

to the Republican Study Committee's Senior Policy Counsel, Omar Hossino

and his wife Leen, on the birth of their first child, a boy.
Hatem Hossino, named after his paternal grandfather, was born at 8:29

p.m. on Saturday, July 29, 2023, in Arlington, VA.
The name `Hatem' is

Arabic for ``decisive,'' ``determined,'' and ``judge.''
The Hossino

family traces its lineage to Syria, through the village of Salamiyeh.
As Chairman of the RSC's National Security Task Force, I have long

valued Omar's strategic advice.
He has been instrumental in moving

forward important policy legislation through the House and continues to

be integral to the Committee's congressional staff as it advances

policies on behalf of the American people.
Best wishes to Omar, Leen, and all their families on the newest

addition to the Hossino family.