TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the El Segundo Little

League All-Stars, a baseball team from the City of El Segundo, who won

the 2023 Little League Baseball World Series on the 27th of August.
El

Segundo defeated the Pabao Little League of Willemstad, Curacao in

Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
This year's championship win is the first for a team from Los Angeles

County since 1993 and is the first for a team from the City of El

Segundo.
The El Segundo Little League All-Stars--Lennon Salazar, Finley Green,

Quinn Boehle, Lucas Keldorf, Colby Lee, Max Baker, Brody Brooks, Declan

McRoberts, Ollie Parks, Louis Lappe, Crew O'Connor, and Jaxon Kalish--

should be proud of their accomplishment, as they have secured the 8th

total title for the State of California, the most of any State in the

union.
The El Segundo Little League team won 5 consecutive elimination

games to compete in the championship and took home the win in a 6-5

game.
Louis Lappe hit a legendary walk-off home run to win the game in

the sixth inning.
The team was led by Manager Danny Boehle and Coaches

Tim Abrams and Eddie Lee.
I am happy to know that this team had the full support of their city

behind them, and residents gathered across the city and Southern

California to cheer them on in a wonderful display of community.
Their

achievements are made all the more special by the hard work and the

team effort made by every player, coach and supporter along the way.
On behalf of California's 36th Congressional District, I would like

to sincerely congratulate the El Segundo Little League All-Stars team

on winning the Little League World Series and wish them best of luck in

their future efforts.
Their performance was a sight to behold, and they

have made us all proud.
Go Gundo.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING HONEYWELL'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF DOING BUSINESS IN SOUTH

BEND, INDIANA

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize and congratulate

Honeywell on 100 years of operations and doing business in South Bend,

Indiana.
For a full century now, Honeywell has been a staple in the South Bend

community as well as a source of stability and economic opportunity for

hardworking Hoosiers in our area.
I often say that Hoosier manufacturing is second to none.
Honeywell's

South Bend facility proves this point every single day.
By

manufacturing aircraft wheel and brake systems, Honeywell Aerospace

helps to keep people in the skies and American aviation safe and

constantly on the move.
I had the pleasure of touring their South Bend facility and meeting

members of Honeywell's team last month.
There, I was able to see

firsthand the quality, professional work Honeywell employees do day in

and day out and why Honeywell has chosen a home in South Bend for the

past 100 years.
Congratulations again on reaching this impressive milestone.
I thank

them for their many contributions to the city of South Bend and

Indiana's Second Congressional District.
I wish them continued success

and many more years in business and anniversaries to celebrate going

forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PALOS VERDES PENINSULA

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th

anniversary of the unofficial formation of the Palos Verdes Peninsula

community.
One hundred years ago, a small real estate rally took place

that is credited with the inception of the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Today, the Palos Verdes Peninsula is comprised of 4 beautiful cities.
The first city to be incorporated on the peninsula was Palos Verdes

Estates in 1939, followed by Rolling Hills and Rolling Hills Estates in

1957, and most recently Rancho Palos Verdes in 1973.