Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join thousands of my constituents from the Cambodian, Hmong, Lao and Vietnamese Diaspora communities in Minnesota and across the country to mark the 50th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
As we commemorate this painful legacy, we also mark the 50th anniversary of the resettlement of more than 1 million Southeast Asian refugees to the United States of America after the war.
Minnesota is home to 95,000 Hmong, 33,000 Vietnamese, 16,000 Cambodians and 12,000 Lao Americans.
These vibrant communities are flourishing and making tremendous contributions to our social, economic, political, and cultural lives.
Southeast Asian Minnesotans are thriving throughout our state as entrepreneurs, professionals, engineers, and in the skilled tradesmen and women; serving our community as teachers, law enforcement officers, nurses, and medical doctors; and serving our nation and state in the Armed Forces and the Minnesota National Guard.
These new Americans' success stories exemplify the spirit of resilience.
Many have overcome tremendous difficulties and challenges in pursuing the American dream, especially Hmong and Laotian war veterans who fought alongside American forces during the secret war in Laos, and who continue to cope with the trauma of war, mental health challenges and other legacies of war.
Recently, it was an honor to address the Hmong National Development (HND) Conference in Minnesota and commemorate the historic 50th anniversary celebration of Hmong refugees' resettlement to America.
As home of one of the largest Hmong American populations outside of Southeast Asia, I am very proud to have six Hmong American state legislators representing constituents in my district!
In total, 9 lawmakers of Hmong descent represent legislative districts at the Minnesota State Capitol.
As we celebrate Asian Pacific Heritage Month this year, it is a time to pause and reflect on these significant and historic milestones.
It is also a time to look to the future.
I am grateful for the rich cultural diversity our Southeast Asian Diaspora communities have brought to our nation and to Minnesota's Fourth Congressional District over the last fifty years.
I look forward to the continued growth, success, partnership and collaboration with our Southeast Asian neighbors.