To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1 to 2 years, Gold Award

Girl Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and

leadership, distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their

resourcefulness and perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to

truly make the world a better place.
Kristianna Meister designed ``Dancing Through The Decades'' to

enhance the lives of senior citizens and those who may need extra

assistance going through life.
Through dance, Kristianna created a

program that engaged participants both mentally and physically, with

the goal of getting people up and moving.
She led participants in

guided stretches to help them feel good in their bodies.
She taught

them about the history of different styles of dance and basic steps

from each style of dance to get the participants engaged and moving.
She created instructional videos for the dances, which were posted on

YouTube and distributed to Senior Centers around the country.
On behalf of the 2nd Congressional District of Nevada, I congratulate

Kristianna Meister for achieving the highest distinction in Girl

Scouts, the Gold Award.
We thank Kristianna for her leadership and for

making such a positive, lasting change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE FIRST RESPONDERS OF THE MARCH 9, 2025 PLANE CRASH IN

LANCASTER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize and commend the

emergency service personnel who responded to the March 9 plane crash in

Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
On March 9, 2025, a small plane carrying five people crashed just

outside of Lancaster Airport and into the parking lot of Brethren

Village, a nearby retirement community in Manheim Township.
Within

minutes, four EMS agencies arrived and provided lifesaving care to the

victims of the airplane crash.
The rapid and courageous actions of

these first responders proved critical and ultimately contributed to

more positive outcomes for the victims involved.
I include in the Record, the following individuals that responded to

the scene and deserve our deepest appreciation and recognition for

their heroism:

Manheim Township Ambulance Association: David Mortimer, Leanne Yake,

Kayla Farkas, Ashlyn Eder, Collin Stritch, and Connor Kriston

Rothsville Ambulance: James Hoover and Lester Martin

Warwick Community Ambulance: Scott Strippel, Karly Emmert, Makayla

Arnold, Gabriel Mitchell, and Rosene Ringler

Penn Medicine Lancaster General: Tyler McCardell

I am grateful for the heroism and commitment demonstrated by these

individuals and their respective EMS agencies.
First responders

safeguard our wellbeing, and I am proud to stand here today and

recognize their service in Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE, SERVICE, AND SACRIFICE OF OUR MILITARY SERVICE

MEMBERS: CLARENCE VETERANS MEMORIAL HONOR WALLS, MEMORIAL DAY

DEDICATION

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life,

service, and sacrifice of the brave men and women who served our great

Nation.
Memorial Day is a holiday of reverence: a date set for us to

come together as a Nation and ensure that we remember our debt of

gratitude to those brave soldiers who gave their lives defending our

country and freedoms.
On May 26, 2025--this Memorial Day--eighteen names will be added to

the Clarence Veterans Memorial Honor Walls.
I am honored to include

their names in the Record to be remembered and honored forever.