MAY 22

Time to be announced

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Julie

Hocker, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary,

Wayne Palmer, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary

for Mine Safety and Health, and Henry Mack III, of

Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the

Department of Labor, Marco Rajkovich, Jr., of Virginia,

to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health

Review Commission, and Kirsten Baesler, of North

Dakota, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and

Secondary Education, Kevin O'Farrell, of Florida, to be

Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult

Education, and Nicholas Kent, of Virginia, to be Under

Secretary, all of the Department of Education.
TBA

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human

Services, and Education, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Labor.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine securing America, focusing on

key authorities under the Defense Production Act.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Terrance

Cole, of Virginia, to be Administrator of Drug

Enforcement, Gadyaces Serralta, of Florida, to be

Director of the United States Marshals Service, and

David Charles Waterman, to be United States Attorney

for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the

Department of Justice.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and

Drug Administration, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Food and Drug Administration.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the National Guard and Reserves

Forces.
POSTPONEMENTS

MAY 21

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Seapower

To hold hearings to examine Navy unmanned systems.
MAY 22

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Technology, and Data

Privacy

To hold hearings to examine World Anti Doping Agency,

focusing on swimming in denial over Chinese doping.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING KIMBERLY-CLARK EXPANSION

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, South Carolinians are

grateful that the Kimberly-Clark Corporation is expanding within the

Second District of South Carolina.
As a producer of personal care

products, Kimberly-Clark produces well-known brands such as Cottonelle,

Huggies, Kleenex, Scott, and more.
Since its establishment in 1968, the Beech Island facility, with the

leadership of plant manager, Jeff Hutter, has grown to become the

company's largest manufacturing site globally.
The planned addition of

1.1 million square feet in 2027 will further expand its capabilities

and impact.
The $200 million investment will create more than 150 new jobs,

strengthen the local economy, and enhance career opportunities across

the state.
The expansion will also incorporate advanced robotics,

artificial intelligence powered logistics systems, and high-density

automated storage to improve operation efficiencies.
With a workforce of over 40,000 and a presence in more than 175

countries, Kimberly-Clark continues to demonstrate a commitment to

innovation and growth.
I appreciate the dedication and leadership of

President Russ Torres.
Best wishes to Kimberly-Clark for success in their future endeavors.