Memorial Day is a holiday of reverence: a date set for us to

come together as a Nation and ensure that we remember our debt of

gratitude to those brave soldiers who gave their lives defending our

country and freedoms.
On May 26, 2025--this Memorial Day--eighteen names will be added to

the Clarence Veterans Memorial Honor Walls.
I am honored to include

their names in the Record to be remembered and honored forever.
Army

Leroy W. Bender

Eric W. Gibson

Michael W. Gibson

George W. Bluhman

Joseph N. Currie

Eric J. Draves

Robert ``Jim'' J. Gustafson

Walter P. Leising

Justin J. Lex

Chad R. Stockwell

Air Force

Gary A. Bugenhagen

R. Kenneth Miller

Marine Corps

Kenneth H. Bugenhagen

Joseph A. Morgante

Navy

Arnold D. Castren

Robert H. Schurr

Charles R. Fiegl

Coast Guard

John D. O'Neil

It is now our duty to remember their sacrifice, courage, and valor as

we go forward and continue to grow and build the greatest Nation the

world has ever seen.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WINNERS OF NORTHGLENN HIGH SCHOOL'S ANNUAL

CONGRESSIONAL APP CHALLENGE

HON.
GABE EVANS

Mr. EVANS of Colorado.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate the winners and honorable mentions of Northglenn High

School's annual Congressional App Challenge.
This competition has

allowed high school students to recognize and encourage STEM talent

across the Nation, as well as in my Congressional District.
This year,

I'm proud to recognize the following individuals for their talent and

ingenuity in this year's Congressional App Challenge.
Payton Dollens developed an app to help high school students get

involved in school activities by creating incentives through prizes and

competitions.
Her app addresses the importance of school involvement

and giving students an opportunity to participate in our community.
As

a result of her ingenuity and creativity, her app won Best in Show in

the Open Division.
Honorable mentions to highlight are Brayden Green, Bryan Korsen, and

Desmond Reynolds.
This group created an app that shares the negative

effects of pollution on our oceans.
The app both educates users about

what needs to be cleaned out and shares how that can be done.
With the

combination of education and animations, this group earned an Honorable

Mention in the Open Division.
Alongside those from our Open Division are winners from this year's

Rookie Division.
The four students I would like to recognize for

winning Best in Show are Lena McLaughlin, Hailey Fredrickson, Magdalena

Herron-Skretta, and Kaylee Reinhardt.
They developed an app that helps

others learn how to cope with different emotions.
By utilizing games,

educational material, and informative tips, their app provides helpful

insight on how to better handle emotions.
Finally, I would like to recognize Gus Blackham and Ila Locke for

earning an Honorable Mention in the Rookie Division.
Their app teaches

about the negative effects of plastic on our oceans.
The duo did this

by developing a game to educate users about the consequences of plastic

on ocean wildlife and help spread awareness about keeping our oceans

clean.
Once again, I want to extend my sincerest congratulations to the

winners and honorable mentions in this year's Congressional App

Challenge at Northglenn High School.
I am proud of the hard work and

dedication they have put into their projects and am excited to see what

they will achieve in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING U.S. ARMY CHAPLAIN (LIEUTENANT COLONEL) JOHN M. DILLER'S 21

YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from

my district, U.S. Army Chaplain (Lieutenant Colonel) John M. Diller who

is retiring from Chaplain service to the Pennsylvania Army National

Guard and the U.S. Army Reserve after over 21 years.
Chaplain Diller was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania to a family with

a rich history of ecclesiastical and military service.