This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 20, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 21

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To receive a closed briefing on an update on Yemen.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan

Brightbill, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Tina

Pierce, of Idaho, to be Chief Financial Officer, and

Conner Prochaska, of Texas, to be Director of the

Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, all of the

Department of Energy, and Ned Mamula, of Pennsylvania,

to be Director of the United States Geological Survey,

Department of the Interior.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 190, to enhance the

operations of the North Pacific Research Board, S. 318,

to require a plan to improve the cybersecurity and

telecommunications of the U.S. Academic Research Fleet,

S. 337, to amend title 49, United States Code, to

clarify the authority of the Administrator of the

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration relating to

the shipping of household goods, S. 503, to direct the

Federal Communications Commission to evaluate and

consider the impact of the telecommunications network

equipment supply chain on the deployment of universal

service, S. 1092, to require certain products to be

labeled with `Do Not Flush' labeling, S. 1442, to amend

title 49, United States Code, to allow for eligibility

for projects for the installation of human trafficking

awareness signs at rest stops, S. 1523, to modify

operations of the National Water Center of the National

Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, S. 1626, to

reauthorize the National Landslide Preparedness Act,

and the nominations of David Fink, of New Hampshire, to

be Administrator of the Federal Railroad

Administration, David Fogel, of Connecticut, to be

Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of

the United States and Foreign Commercial Service,

Robert Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the

Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, and

Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General Counsel of

the Department of Commerce, and promotions in the Coast

Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the state of higher

education.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine fueling America's

manufacturing comeback.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dudley

Hoskins, of the District of Columbia, to be Under

Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, and

Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for

Research, Education, and Economics, both of the

Department of Agriculture.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and

Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of the Interior.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine science and Federal health

agencies, focusing on Myocarditis and other events

associated with the COVID-19 vaccines.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Energy.