Title: CELEBRATING THE ASIAN AMERICAN HERITAGE FESTIVAL; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
84

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ASIAN AMERICAN HERITAGE FESTIVAL

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

Asian American Heritage Festival.
A cultural event that is dedicated

and celebrated for the cultural traditions and contributions of Asian

Americans throughout the United States.
The Asian American Heritage Festival is committed to enriching the

cultural fabric of our community, fostering understanding,

appreciation, and shared experiences among people of all backgrounds.
It stands as a vital bridge to connect culture, diversity and unity

through storytelling, exciting performances, and delicious food.
Beyond all of the exciting attractions that the Asian American

Heritage Festival offers, there is a strong focus on community and

education.
Generations-long recounting of resilience, and

cultural history are provided for those who listen.
The Asian American Heritage Festival is a dynamic hub for community

engagement and cross-cultural connection.
It represents a bold vision:

one where multiculturalism is not only celebrated but woven into the

daily life and economic vitality of our region.
Mr. Speaker, as we acknowledge this celebration, let us recognize the

essential role that the Asian American Heritage Festival plays--not

just as an event, but as a beacon of cultural exchange, generational

growth, and community spirit.
Please join me in ceIebrating and

honoring the achievements of the Asian American Heritage Festival, as

they remain an enduring source of pride and connection for generations

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 1842 BUFFALO CREEK TREATY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and

recognize the 1842 Buffalo Creek Treaty, a Landmark agreement that

contributed to the history of Native Americans and the United States.
Signed in a partnership agreement between the United States and the

Seneca Nation of Indians, the Buffalo Creek Treaty ensured that the

culture and heritage of the Seneca Nation remains on their rightful

land in the Allegany and Cattaraugus Reservations.
Signed nearly two centuries ago in Western New York, the Buffalo

Creek Treaty reaffirmed the Seneca Nation's right to self-govern and

protect their remaining land.
Seneca Nation leaders banded together,

ensuring that the various nations of Western New York were not

displaced and their culture allowed to survive--a significant victory

for the Seneca people.
The unwavering dedication to their heritage and

people ensures the well-being, sovereignty, and prosperity of future

generations.
To this day, the Seneca Nation territory in Allegany and Cattaraugus

counties are sovereign territories.
It is immensely important that the

provisions of the Buffalo Creek Treaty continue to be recognized and

followed, as it is a symbol of self determination and coexistence.
As

we uphold the Buffalo Creek Treaty, we are continuously working toward

mending and strengthening the ties between New York State and the

Seneca Nation of Indians.
Today, as we celebrate 183 years of the 1842 Buffalo Creek Treaty, we

look forward with hope for the future, but also acknowledgment of the

past.
The Buffalo Creek Treaty is a promise of sovereignty and respect.
Please join me in recognizing and celebrating the Seneca Nation of

Indians for their many contributions to Western New York and the United

States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING JIMMY EMMONS ON HIS SWEARING IN TO THE NATURAL RESOURCES

CONSERVATION SERVICE

HON.
FRANK D. LUCAS

Mr. LUCAS.
Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong Oklahoman, Jimmy Emmons has

spent years working around the state and across the country promoting

innovative and voluntary conservation practices.
Having someone like Jimmy in a position to lead farm policy isn't

just beneficial for Oklahoma, but the entire country and the world.