I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his new role.
This morning at the Home Affairs Committee, David Neal, the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, told us that the biggest challenge facing the Home Office is being professional, maintaining objectivity, being fair and understanding human rights.
The inspector also said that what keeps him up at night is the question of who is protecting our borders and whether they are doing so to the best of our collective  abilities.
Could the Home Secretary tell us whether today’s ruling on Rwanda proves or disproves Mr Neal’s concerns?
The Government are responsible for the protection of this country, and it is a role and responsibility that we take incredibly seriously.
It is the primary function of Governments.
In this statement, and in the other statements I intend to make, and which Ministers from the Department will make from the Dispatch Box, we will show the House and the country that Conservative Members take that responsibility incredibly seriously, and we will take whatever action is necessary to ensure the protection of the people and the borders of this country.
It would be helpful, frankly, if the Labour party would break the habit seemingly of a lifetime and once in a while vote to support the actions that we take.
As well as welcoming my right hon.
Friend most warmly to this post—a post in which his and my former London Assembly constituents in Bexley and Bromley are massively proud to see him—I congratulate him on the tone and manner of his statement.
It is right that, as a rule-of-law-abiding country, we respect the decisions of the courts however they go.
The Supreme Court was asked a legal question and it gave a legal answer.
Does he agree that it is clear that the decision is essentially fact-specific, applied to well-established legal principles, and the solution is, first, to look at how those facts can be rectified to make this compliant?
My long-standing friend and former south-east London representative is absolutely right.
Their lordships told us what we need to do to address their concerns.
We intend to do what they said needs to be done.
We will address their concerns, operationalise this plan, break the business model, and stop the boats.
Two per cent of those claiming asylum in this country are LGBTQI+ people fleeing countries where just being themselves can be a death sentence.
Does the Home Secretary agree with his predecessor that they are pretending?
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to know my views on things, he can ask me for my views on things, rather than asking me to comment on other people’s views.