In 2010, the then Prime Minister and now Foreign Secretary, David Cameron, said: “People in Gaza are living under constant attacks and pressure in an open-air prison.”
Does the current Prime Minister not agree that if there is not an immediate ceasefire, we all in this Chamber will be watching on as that open-air prison is turned into a graveyard?
No one can deny the suffering that the people in Gaza are undergoing at the moment.
I spoke about this on Monday, and I spoke about it consistently with Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority.
We are doing everything we can to get aid into the region and we have repeatedly and consistently called for humanitarian pauses, to get aid in and get hostages and foreign nationals out as quickly as possible.
We will continue, as will the Foreign Secretary, to make sure that happens.
How much worse does it need to get?
In Gaza, 4,609 children are already dead.
Babies in the neonatal intensive care unit are dying because they do not have access to oxygen.
For Members across the House, this is a question of values and of conscience.
Does the Prime Minister not agree that should there be a vote on an immediate ceasefire, Members across the House should be afforded a free vote?
Our position as a Government is clear: it is right that Israel is able to defend itself.
That is a principle that we support.
It has suffered an appalling terrorist attack—Hamas is a terrorist organisation—and it is not just Israel’s right but its duty to protect its citizens.
At the same time, at the United Nations and bilaterally with all our partners we have consistently called for humanitarian pauses to ensure that more aid can get in, and hostages and foreign nationals can get out.
That is the right thing to do.
We will continue to do everything we can to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian people.
I am confident that our efforts are already making a big difference on the ground.
Kirklees Council has closed Dewsbury sports centre; delivered just 14% of education, health and care plans within the 20-week target; and is unable to deliver a five-year land supply.
Those are just three of its many failings.
Now it wants to introduce extortionate car parking charges, punishing hard-working families and destroying the high street in our towns and villages.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour-run Kirklees Council is no longer fit for purpose?
I share my hon.
Friend’s disappointment with the Labour-run council in Kirklees.
Just this week we saw a Labour councillor suspended for antisemitism.
As he said, it has also closed Dewsbury sports centre and is proposing to increase car parking charges, punishing local businesses and shoppers in the run-up to Christmas.
Clearly, the council is no longer fit for purpose.
Local residents deserve better.
Last week, Members from across the House heard testimony from a young Israeli man who lost both his peace-campaigning parents in the  7 October  attack.
This morning, we heard from Palestinians who have lost generations of families in the south of Gaza because of the military attacks there.
This is a question of humanity and morality.
The Prime Minister has an opportunity to lead the calls for peace, or to endorse death, violence and destruction.
Which will he choose?
I think that is an extremely naive and simplistic way of looking at the problem.
The hon.
Member failed to mention the fact that a proscribed terrorist organisation perpetrated an awful attack on over 1,000 individuals.
Israel has every right to defend itself in those circumstances.
People in that country would expect nothing less than for it to provide security for its citizens.
Of course, alongside that, it must abide by international law.
We will do everything we can, as I have said, to ensure that aid flows in and alleviates the suffering of the people in Gaza.
Proposals for a new rail station at Edginswell have been looked forward to for a decade, but a final funding gap exists.
Will some of the funds released by the decision to scrap further phases of HS2 be used to resolve that?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that our decision on HS2 means that every region of the country will now receive more transport investment than it would have done before, including the south-west.
I am pleased that there is funding to protect the vital rail link between Exeter and Plymouth, that there will be a £2.8 billion road resurfacing fund, and that his constituents in the south-west will continue to benefit from the £2 bus fare until the end of next year.
We have previously provided almost £8 million to progress the station that he mentions.
I can reassure him that the Rail Minister will have heard his representations and will continue to update him on the progress being made.
David Cameron was the well-paid public face of Lex Greensill.
Greensill’s companies are facing criminal investigations in Switzerland, Germany and here in the UK.
David Cameron messaged Ministers and officials 62 times over Greensill’s covid loan guarantees.
The Treasury Committee called that “a significant lack of judgement”.
What does his appointment say about the Prime Minister’s own judgment?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Government commissioned Nigel Boardman to review all those issues and strengthen the system following those recommendations.
I am very confident that this nation will be well represented abroad by the former Prime Minister.
He is a Prime Minister with unrivalled experience of foreign affairs and will help Britain to navigate an uncertain world in challenging times.
In contrast, the Labour party would offer to the country a shadow Foreign Secretary who backed the Leader of the Opposition’s predecessor to be leader, was paid to appear on Russian television and even voted against Trident.
Does that sound like a man who should represent Britain?
The inflation numbers published this morning were very welcome, but the tax burden continues to bite.
Will the Prime Minister agree in principle that the concept of higher rate tax was never meant to drag in police sergeants, band 8 nurses, teachers with additional responsibilities and others, and that a priority for his Treasury Ministers should be to return fairness to the tax thresholds?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and am pleased that the vast majority of people will continue not to pay the higher rate.
I share his ambition to cut taxes for working people.
Right now, inflation is falling and we are sticking to our plan, which is delivering a halving of it this year.
That is the most effective tax cut we could have delivered for the British people this year, rather than making it worse, as the Labour party would do, by borrowing money irresponsibly and in a way that would just drive up inflation and interest rates.
But I want to reassure him that I absolutely share his ambition to cut taxes for working people.
As we stabilise the economy, that is something both the Chancellor and I are keen to deliver.
My son loves football, and I understand that the Prime Minister is a big Southampton supporter.
After his latest Cabinet  reshuffle, I wonder whether he can answer me this: since 2010, have we seen more Southampton managers sacked or have we seen more Housing Ministers come and go?
The answer might help to explain why the Government are failing so miserably on new home ownership.
I am pleased that the last figures show that actually we had a record number of first-time buyers.
We are delivering 1 million homes over this Parliament, while at the same time the Labour party blocked our plans to unlock 100,000 homes.
When it comes to Southampton, I am also pleased that we are on, I think, a seven or eight-game unbeaten run.
If a two-state solution is to have a chance, Hamas must be defeated, but there will also first have to be a more enlightened policy of administration in the occupied west bank, mustn’t there?