The Prime Minister has just said that David Cameron had unprecedented experience, so what would he say was his finest foreign policy achievement?
There are many, many to pick from, but what I would say is that under his leadership this country hosted what was widely considered to be one of the most successful G8 summits of recent times.
It was great to welcome the Prime Minister to Chelmsford earlier this year, when he launched his antisocial behaviour strategy.
He will be pleased to know that the local police have been consistently stepping up their activities.
Last week they arrested 24 people for many crimes, and last night they took out a major county lines gang.
Will the Prime Minister please join me in congratulating all those in our local police force, and would he like to come back to Chelmsford and go out on patrol, because he would be very welcome?
It was great to visit my right hon.
Friend and to launch the Government’s antisocial behaviour plan.
I thank her for raising awareness about the important work that her local policing team are doing, and I am pleased that they have been empowered by our strategy.
Antisocial behaviour makes life miserable for many, which is why the delivery of our plan is so important, and it is making a difference across the country, including in her part of the world.
I was also pleased to see that under this Government, by the most recent year for which we have data, crime had decreased by 56% since 2010.
It is insulting that in the week that marks 20 years since the abolition of section 28, the Prime Minister has appointed a Minister without Portfolio who frequently attacks the LGBTQ+ community and who, with their so-called war on woke, seeks a return to those awful days, denying our human rights and attacking our very existence.
Does the Prime Minister agree that he has manifestly and repeatedly failed?
It is time for him to resign and to call a general election.
Actually, this Government and previous Governments have a proud record in championing LGBT rights.
It was this Government who introduced same-sex marriage.
We will continue to ensure that everyone in our society can live with tolerance and compassion, and have every opportunity available to them.
That is what we have delivered, and that is what we will continue to deliver.
Last year, through the Homes for Ukraine scheme, my family and I welcomed a refugee family to our home.
I am proud that this country has always offered refuge to those who need it.
However, it is essential that we in this country decide who comes here.
The Prime Minister has rightly said that he will do whatever it takes to stop the small boats and the evil trade around them, but is it not apparent  after this morning’s ruling that what it will take is a new law to override the Human Rights Act and cut through the thicket of case law built up by judicial activism, so that we can bring back control of our borders and stop the small boats?
It is right that we go through the judgment carefully and properly.
As I have said, the Government have already been working in advance on a new treaty with Rwanda to address the concerns that were raised previously and were raised by the Supreme Court, which also acknowledged that changes can be delivered to address those issues.
Let me repeat, however, that if it becomes clear that our domestic legal frameworks, or indeed international conventions, are still frustrating plans after that point, I am prepared to change our laws and revisit those international relationships, because we are absolutely committed to stopping the boats.