I do not have the details of the individual case that the hon.
Lady raises, so I cannot comment on the specifics, but I remind her and the  House that, as part of the Prime Minister’s 10-point plan, eliminating that historic backlog of case files was a commitment.
At the start of this process, the backlog stood at 91,000 cases; it has now been reduced to— Fewer than 30,000.
Fewer than 30,000.
So, we are delivering on our commitment to work through that backlog of cases.
It was one of the areas where we made a commitment, we are delivering on it, and we will pursue all the elements of our plan.
rose— Order.
I urge colleagues to be brief in their questions so that the Home Secretary can be brief in return.
We have a very packed agenda today
and I want to make every effort to get everyone in.
I add my congratulations to the Home Secretary on his new role.
It seems to me that the key word is “time”.
We cannot keep relitigating this question to achieve what seems an ever-moving target in what the courts want us to achieve.
Our constituents sent us here with a very clear message: sort the small boats issue.
Parliament has passed legislation to sort the issue.
Can my right hon.
Friend be specific about the point at which the attempts by the Government to recondition the agreement with Rwanda into treaty form will have elapsed, and a “notwithstanding” clause, of the kind that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  has set out, will become the only tool by which we can ensure that the will of this House takes effect?
We cannot allow this cycle to continue indefinitely.
Order.
I remind the House that I did just say “be brief.”
I listened carefully to my right hon.
Friend’s comments.
We are absolutely determined to maintain the deterrent effect of the Rwanda scheme.
To an extent, it is already demonstrating utility by the fact that we know—anecdotally, so I will not over-interpret these figures—that the fear of it as part of our arsenal is already having a deterrent effect, which is exactly what it was designed to do.
National Governments cannot just vote themselves out of international commitments.
I recognise, as a former Foreign Secretary, that they are incredibly powerful tools as we try to do good around the wider world.
I give my right hon.
Friend the commitment that we remain relentlessly focused on ensuring that we continue to drive down the small boat crossings using the full range of capabilities at our disposal.
The Home Secretary and the Government are right to prioritise ending illegal migration.
By my count, he spoke six times in his statement about having “a plan”; the only word he left out was “cunning”, because his plans seem to be as workable, effective and chaotic as Baldrick’s in “Blackadder”.
That is no laughing matter, because while the plans are not working, there is still pressure on our infrastructure, there are still criminal gangs profiting  from people’s misery, and people who use legal routes are being disadvantaged.
Will the Home Secretary give us the commitment that, if the European Court of Human Rights continues to be a barrier to the will of this House, the Government will take action and ignore the demands of that court?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I have a huge amount of respect for him.
One point that I took from the judgment today is that it is not just about the ECHR.
Their lordships set out a number of international commitments that we have made, but they also set out what we need to do to get the Rwanda plan up and running.
That is on a very specific legal point, which we are already in the process of addressing.
I respectfully disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman, because small boat arrivals are down, unlike almost everywhere else in Europe, where they are significantly up.
The use of hotel bed spaces is down because of the arrangements that we have put in place.
The speed of processing has increased, and the volume of processing of asylum claims has significantly increased.
There are always multiple strands to this plan, as set out in the 10 points that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister put forward, and they are having the desired effect.
We will just keep working to deliver on our commitments.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that one of the glories of our parliamentary democracy is that Governments have to obey the law in the same way that individual citizens and corporations do?
Does he also agree that those who look carefully at the judgment and think that there is a simple solution, with one lever to pull, will be disappointed?