My hon.
Friend knows that Government legal advice is for informing the decision-making of Ministers.
It is not appropriate to discuss Government legal advice at the Dispatch Box, and we will not do so—he knows that.
We always prepare for a range of  eventualities, as I said in my statement.
We recognised that this was one of the decisions that might come from the Court.
We listened carefully to the statements made by the judges in the lower courts, and we have already started to take action in response to the concerns that they have raised.
I, too, welcome the new Home Secretary to the Dispatch Box.
He has a difficult job, but it is in everyone’s interests that it be done well.
I also welcome the part of his statement in which he said, “We are not going to put forward proposals simply to manufacture an unnecessary row for short-term political gain.”
That much at least will be a refreshing change, but he should be aware that his hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , the deputy chairman of the Conservative party, is reported as having told ITV that the Prime Minister should “ignore the laws” following the Supreme Court’s decision.
Will the Home Secretary dissociate himself from those comments?
This country prides itself on being a law-abiding country, so to hear the Government’s position on things, listen to the statements of Government Ministers.
I have made it clear that we respect the judgment.
We listened carefully to the comments made by their lordships and the lower courts.
As I said, we are already responding to the comments that they made to ensure that the actions we take, when the Rwanda scheme is operationalised, are in strict accordance with international law.
Will the Home Secretary explain to those of us who are not experts in this area why it is that people who arrive illegally on our shores from a safe nearby country cannot immediately be returned to that safe nearby country?
Clearly it would be in breach of certain laws, so can he set out, perhaps in a statement, what those laws might be?
Receiving countries have to consent.
That is the nub of the issue.
That is why it is so important that Ministers in the Department, particularly the Immigration Minister, have spent so much time working with those countries from which we have traditionally received illegal migration, including France and others—most notably, in terms of the statistics, Albania, with which we have developed an excellent working relationship.
I will claim a bit of credit here, because my right hon.
Friend the Immigration Minister and I formed something of a tag team with the Government in Tirana, and we are seeing the success that comes from pragmatic but determined relationships with European partners and others.
I pay tribute to the Immigration Minister for that work.
I also warmly welcome the Home Secretary to his post, not least because I know people in the Foreign Office who were rather sad to see him go.
However, let me try this question again: what does he think about the 2% of people who claim asylum on the basis of their sexuality because they face massive persecution and death threats in their own country?
Does he think they are pretending to be lesbian, gay or bisexual?
If he does, can he provide evidence for that?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we cannot prove a negative.
That is a fallacy.
I thank him for his kind words about my time as Foreign Secretary; he will know, since he clearly has a mole inside my old organisation, how passionately I pursued the rights of LGBT people around the world, including having some very difficult conversations where necessary.
I absolutely want to make sure that those people are protected, but we should also recognise that bad people hide among good people and sometimes people lie to take advantage of the good will of others.
It is nonsense to suggest that everybody who claims to be suffering persecution because of their sexuality is lying, and I would certainly never say that, but we need to ensure that people are not attempting to abuse the process, as we do with any process or system, because that limits our ability to help those who genuinely are in need.
I recognise that LGBT people do face genuine persecution around the world, and we want to support and help them.
Much of the Supreme Court’s judgment today was encouraging, with a high court endorsing yet again the principle of what we are looking to do with Rwanda.
As was touched on earlier, much of the decision turned on the facts, particularly those relating to refoulement—that is, the risk that those transferred to Rwanda might be returned to a country where they would face persecution.
May I test my right hon.
Friend on what work he is doing, looking at the decision-making capability of the Home Office, to help Rwanda to build up its own decision-making capability, and how our judiciary might work with Rwanda’s judiciary to address some of the Supreme Court’s points in that area?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend—[Interruption.]
I meant to say my hon.
Friend, although he deserves to be my right hon.
Friend.
I know that he did a lot of the work on this very subject, and his question goes to the heart of how we operationalise the Rwanda plan.
Their lordships set out exactly the point he raises about capacity building and professionalising Rwanda’s system.
I have had exchanges this morning with my Rwandan opposite number, who I have met before.
The Rwandans are keen to build and strengthen their institutional structures, and they see us as a key partner in achieving that.
Together we will work to operationalise this plan.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he did on this very issue.
The Supreme Court’s judgment has put paid to the lazy, ill-informed argument that it is the European convention on human rights, and only the European convention on human rights, that is blocking this Government on asylum and immigration.
This Government have spent two years formulating a policy that has proven incompatible with a multitude of international treaties to which the UK is signed up and with numerous provisions of our domestic law.
The Supreme Court was very clear about that.
My question for the Home Secretary is this: when is he going to explain to his Back Benchers that the UK Government’s response to this judgment must be to produce a humane asylum policy that works, not to try to overcome vital checks and balances of the rule of law and human rights law that stymie bad policy decisions and protect human rights?
Our immigration policies, as laid out in the figures I ran through in my statement, are having the positive effect that we committed to.
We are bringing down small boat numbers, the need for hotel places and so on.
I said in my statement that their lordships have set out the route to successfully operationalising the Rwanda scheme, through addressing those concerns about refoulement.
We will focus on what we need to achieve to unlock that.
We recognise that this is a constant battle against criminals and, as with all constant battles against criminals, we focus on what is effective and right.
Their lordships set out exactly what that is, and that is what we will focus on.
I genuinely welcome my right hon.
Friend to his place at the Dispatch Box.
Speaking softly and carrying a big stick is always a very good way of behaving—no reference intended.
I fully agree with all his intentions and the direction of travel in which he wants to go to settle this issue, in terms of proper organisation such that concerns are dealt with in the courts.
Does he not agree that those who greet this judgment with glee need to remember that people are dying in the channel trying to cross in the boats?
Will the Home Secretary ask our right hon.
and learned Friend the Attorney General to come to the Dispatch Box in due course to reflect on the judgment?
It appears to me that it is much wider than the migration judgment, because we are now linking directly to applicability in UK law agreements that were made with the UN that were never bound into UK law.
Whether one wants it or not, that widens the whole issue of what becomes justiciable, and I would be grateful if she would come to the House at some point and deal with that.