There is no serious plan on the dangerous boat crossings that are undermining our border security and putting lives at risk, the end of which we all want to see.
There is no serious plan to sort out the chaos in the asylum system, including ending placing people in costly asylum hotels because of the soaring backlog.
There was a readiness to spend more than £140 million of taxpayers’ money on this plan—money we cannot get back now that the policy has totally failed.
That adds to the Prime Minister’s disastrous judgment in appointing and backing the previous Home Secretary, who was unfit for the job.
I do not agree with pretty much anything the Home Secretary’s predecessor ever said, but she was right in this message to the Prime Minister: “If we lose in the Supreme Court…you will have wasted a year and an Act of Parliament, only to arrive back at square one…your magical thinking…has meant you have failed to prepare any sort of credible ‘Plan B’.”
Wasting time, wasting money and letting the country down: that is the Conservatives’ record.
The Supreme Court judgment outlines a catalogue of problems with the policy, but Ministers knew all about them.
When it was first announced 18 months ago, I raised in the House the problems with the Israel-Rwanda deal.
Ministers were warned many times about failures and weaknesses in the Rwanda asylum system, but they just pressed on.
Even if the plan had been found lawful today, they have admitted it would have covered only a few hundred people anyway—at a time when 100,000 people applied for asylum in the UK last year, on the Conservative watch—and that it would have cost about twice as much per person as deciding cases in the UK.
The truth is the Government have wasted not just one but five years by failing to deal with the situation.
Five years ago there were just a few hundred people crossing in boats, but they let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
They let asylum decisions collapse, so the backlog soared and there are now 20% more people in asylum hotels than there were when the Prime Minister promised to end that.
Will the Home Secretary tell us how much in total the Government have spent on the failed Rwanda plan so far?
The House has a right to know.
He says he wants a new treaty.
How much more will that cost?
Despite his optimism, the Supreme Court judgment says “the Rwandan government indicated that the contemplated arrangements might not be straightforward to implement in practice…the provision of resources does not mean that the problems which we have described can be resolved in the short term.”
Again, we have more of the magical thinking.
What does this mean for the Prime Minister’s flagship legislation?
He boasted about passing it only yesterday, but the Government have not actually commenced the central clauses of the law, because without Rwanda—and, frankly, even with Rwanda—the policy does not work and will just lead to an endless, ever-increasing permanent backlog.
Will the Secretary of State confirm now that he will not be implementing the central tenets of that law this year?
Will he also confirm that this means that the Prime Minister’s pledges to introduce the new law to stop the boats and end hotel use will all be broken this year?
Why will the Home Secretary not put that money into a proper plan to tackle the boats?
I do not believe that he ever believed in the Rwanda plan.
He distanced himself from it and his predecessor’s language on it.
He may even, on occasion, have privately called it batshit.
But he and I agree that we need action to stop the boat crossings that are undermining border security and putting lives at risk.
We need a properly controlled and managed system for asylum and refugees.
Let us concentrate instead on the things that can work.
We support the work with France along the northern coast; we want it to go further.
We support the work with Albania and with other countries across Europe to tackle the gangs, but it is far, far too weak.
We need a proper, comprehensive and massively scaled-up plan to go after the criminal gangs, a proper system to clear the backlog, and a proper returns unit in place so that we can end hotel use.
Instead of that cost going up from £6 million to £8 million a day on his watch, let us end hotel use and save the taxpayer £2 billion.
That should be common ground, so I suggest that he stops wasting taxpayers’ money on more failing schemes, that  he ditches the magical thinking and the culture wars of his predecessors and that he ditches the gimmicks and finally gets a grip.
One of the dangers of writing a critique of Government policy before reading the facts laid out in a statement is that the statement makes the critique obsolete.
The right hon.
Lady talks about hotel usage, which I remind the House is coming down.
She talks about small boat arrivals in the UK, which I remind the House are coming down.
She talks about forming closer working relationships with our European partners, which I remind the House we are already doing.
In response to the right hon.
Lady’s various questions, I have written here, “Does Labour have a plan?”
[Interruption.]
If those on the Labour Benches could curb their enthusiasm and listen to what I was about to say next, they would hear that I was going to concede that it is clear that they do have a plan.
Their plan—their great idea—is to do what the Government are already doing, which is bucking the European trend.
When other countries are seeing 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70% or 100% increases in their illegal arrivals, we are seeing a reduction of one third in ours, bucking the trend.
We have always said that Rwanda, and the deterrent effect of the Rwanda plan, is an important tool in our toolbox; we have never claimed that it was the only one.
We have always pursued a range of options—when I say “we”, I mean my right hon.
Friend the Immigration Minister, with me watching him from King Charles Street, although the collective “we” is appropriate here—and, as I set out in my statement, those activities are having an effect.
My final point is that the mask has slipped.
The glee that I detect from those on the Opposition Benches for this temporary setback on the delivery of our plan displays what we on the Government Benches know to be true: they do not want migration control to work.
They do not want to take control of our borders; they would rather delegate it to anybody else—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the Home Secretary.
I do not need those on the Front Bench—[Interruption.]
You may pull faces, but the bottom line is that I want some quiet to hear what is being said.
Our constituents at home want to hear that as well, but when you are chuntering so loudly, they cannot do so.
Indeed, Mr Speaker.
May I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his new position?
The Home Office is a great Department of State and I hope that he enjoys his time there as much as I enjoyed my time as Home Secretary.
Will he confirm that the judgment that the Supreme Court made today was not contingent on the European convention on human rights?
Indeed, the fundamental judgment was made regardless of the ECHR.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend and predecessor.
She was a fantastic and long-serving Home Secretary, and I intend to compete with her on both of those metrics.
She makes an incredibly important point.
We looked closely at the judgment and found that it draws our attention to work that we can do, working with our partners in Rwanda, to address the  Supreme Court’s concerns about people being returned to unsafe countries.
That is where we will address our focus, because that will be the pathway to ensuring that Rwanda remains a key element of our basket of responses to illegal migration.