The Prime Minister has said that, if our domestic legal framework frustrates our plans, he is prepared to change our laws, but we are not going to put forward proposals simply to manufacture an unnecessary row for political gain.
We have a plan to deliver the Rwanda deal—[Interruption.]
Opposition Members are not listening, but they might want to listen to this.
We have a plan to deliver the Rwanda deal and we will do whatever it takes to stop the boats.
Illegal immigration is a huge global challenge, and that challenge is growing.
It was a topic that I regularly raised with countries across Europe and around the wider world in my former role as Foreign Secretary.
Across Europe, monthly illegal migrant numbers are trending upwards, with an exception: our numbers are falling.
Illegal immigration is dangerous, it undermines the laws of our country, and it is unfair on those who come here legally and on the British people who play by the rules.
It must and it will stop.
This a wonderful country.
I recognise that because I have just had the chance to see it as others see it from overseas.
Inevitably, people aspire to come here.
But more people coming here illegally is not fair on those struggling to get GP appointments, housing or access to schools, or on those people living near to asylum hotels.
The impacts are felt by some of the poorest in our society and we have a duty to address their concerns.
While the Conservative Government have taken action to protect our country, the Labour party has voted time and again—more than 80 times—not to protect our borders.
Rwanda is ready and willing to help.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees operates its own refugee scheme in Rwanda.
Rwanda is ready to receive thousands of people, process their claims, give them excellent care and then support them to integrate in Rwanda; this is an African country full of potential and promise.
We have a future-focused, mutually beneficial partnership with it, and we have a plan to deliver it.
The Rwanda plan has only ever been one tool in our toolbox.
We have a plan to drive down numbers and our plan is working.
Before the Prime Minister launched his 10-point plan last December, the number of people entering the UK illegally in small boats had more than quadrupled, but while illegal migration in the rest of Europe continues to rise, crossings to the UK are now down by a third.
We are tackling illegal immigration at every stage of the journey of a would-be illegal migrant, and our plan is working.
Last year, the Prime Minister signed the largest ever small boats deal with France.
We have expanded our joint intelligence cell to deepen intelligence sharing and dismantle the criminal gangs.
Cutting-edge surveillance technology is in play, and we have beefed up security infrastructure, such as more CCTV, at key border crossing points along the channel.
We have ensured that more French officials and officers patrol French beaches, and they are working closely with UK staff.
So far in 2023, nearly 22,000 crossing attempts have been prevented because of the close co-ordination between British and French officials.
That means less money that the British taxpayers have to spend on hotels, less profit for the criminal gangs and fewer people to process.
It sends a clear message to the gangs and to those who want to cross that we will stop them.
As Foreign Secretary, I worked closely with my right hon.
Friend the Immigration Minister to agree a new deal with Albania, with better data sharing, closer operational working and financial support.
In response to the work that he and I did, the number of Albanian small boat arrivals has fallen by 90%—I repeat that figure of 90%—so far during 2023, and we have returned more than 4,600 people in just 10 months.
We want to ensure that it is harder to get into one of those boats in the first place, including by reducing the supply of boats.
We are targeting the movement of those goods, such as dinghies and engines that are used to facilitate the crossings, in order to undermine a key component of the smugglers’ business model.
Those who do make it through will not be able to stay.
We have expedited returns arrangements with countries including France, Albania, Turkey and Italy.
We have increased the number of illegal working raids by almost 70%.
We have cut the asylum legacy backlog by more than 59,000 cases.
We have freed up hundreds of hotel beds with the use of alternative sites.
We have announced the closure of the first 50 asylum hotels and we have passed the Illegal Migration Act 2023, the most ambitious immigration legislation in decades, which makes clear that the only route to asylum in the UK is via one of the safe and legal routes we have put in place.
Anyone who comes to the UK illegally will not be able to stay.
They will be removed either to their home country, if it is safe, or to a safe third country, if it is not.
Mr Speaker, I can assure you that our commitment to ending illegal immigration is unwavering.
We are a positive outlier in Europe.
Our efforts are working.
Small boat crossings are down.
Our decision making is faster.
We are removing those with no right to be here, and taking action against those who are working illegally.
We have done deals with multiple countries and will continue to do so.
Arrivals down, decisions faster, returns up—we are getting on with the job and will do whatever it takes to deliver on our commitment to stop the boats.
I commend this statement to the House.