The Government are investing record amounts in innovation and research in technology, including across the life sciences sector.
I will happily meet the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter in more detail.
What impact does the Minister think the passage of the Online Safety Act 2023 into law will have on children and families in Warrington South and across the country?
As a father, this issue concerns me greatly.
The Online Safety Act is the most powerful child protection law in a generation.
All in-scope companies will need to take robust steps to protect children from illegal content and activity on their services.
Those safety measures will need to protect children from harmful and age-inappropriate content and activity, such as bullying and content that promotes eating disorders and self-harm.
Will the Minister help to co-ordinate a comprehensive analysis of the most successful enterprise zones across the UK and the ways in which zones that have not been as successful can maximise the opportunities such zones provide, such as in Coleraine in my constituency?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to flag up the value that successful enterprise zones can bring to local communities.
I want to see DSIT sectors benefiting as well, and I am happy to co-ordinate further with colleagues in other Departments to explore those opportunities.
Given the revolution in AI, what steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that young people in Carshalton and Wallington have access to the skills they need for the future?
The Government are committed to ensuring that the UK has talent that supports research and innovation and drives growth.
That is why we are investing millions in the brightest researchers through scholarships, PhD placements and fellowships in technologies such as artificial intelligence and quantum.
What are Ministers doing to ensure that Members of this House are not included in disinformation reports compiled by the counter-disinformation unit in their Department simply for being critical of the Government?
Their own Back Benchers are particularly interested to know.
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that the counter-disinformation unit is there to flag up to platforms potentially misleading information, but it has no power to have it removed.
I can give him an assurance that it does not identify any Members of this House or professional journalists.
Research and development tax credits have been remarkably successful in promoting investment by small and medium-sized enterprises.
However, the Suffolk chamber of commerce has highlighted that the system has ground to a halt due to the sledgehammer approach of His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to tackling fraud.
Will my hon.
Friend liaise with HMRC and the Treasury to ensure that a more pragmatic approach is adopted?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of his constituency, and I am happy to speak to the Financial Secretary to the Treasury on that important matter on his behalf.