We on the SNP Benches were very glad to see the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court today.
It really is quite ridiculous for the new Home Secretary to come to the House today to tell us that his predecessor’s dream will never die.
It has gone.
Give it up!
Do something else instead!
Before the extremists on his own Benches start to blame the ECHR, the Supreme Court judge, Lord Reed, was very clear that this is not just about the ECHR, but about the refugee convention, the UN convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, and the international covenant on civil and political rights as well as our own domestic legislation.
The Supreme Court made it clear that Rwanda is not a safe country.
At the heart of the judgment today is the principle of non-refoulement, which means that people must not be sent back into harm’s way.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees provided compelling evidence of Rwanda doing so, even after it signed the memorandum of understanding with the UK, as well as in its earlier deal with Israel.
The UNHCR pointed out that it had rejected claims from countries such as Syria, Yemen and Afghanistan.
It is absolutely ludicrous that those claims could be rejected.
It also pointed to the lack of integrity in Rwanda’s own systems.
It is a serious problem and one that the Home Secretary claims today that he wants to fix, but he should focus his intentions instead on fixing the multiple failings of his own Department.
What now for the Illegal Migration Act 2023 and for the people who will now be left in immigration limbo without any recourse to claiming asylum?
This incompetent Tory Government cannot yeet them back to Rwanda and they will not process their claims, so what will happen to that group of people?
The solution lies not in puncturing the market in rubber dinghies, but in creating functioning safe and legal routes.
In the first half of the year, the largest group in small boats were Afghans.
That is proof positive that the schemes that the Government claim exist are just not working.
Many people make these dangerous journeys because they have no other option.
That remains the reality whoever the Home Secretary is, so I ask the right hon.
Gentleman when he will stop wasting public money chasing fantasies.
At least £1.4 million has been spent just on the legal challenges, never mind the rest of this incompetent scheme.
When will he create a system that treats the most vulnerable in the world with the dignity and respect that they are due to rebuild their lives here in the UK?
The Immigration Minister has not even given Glasgow’s MPs the meeting that he promised to discuss the people that the Government are about to make homeless through their bulk processing.
If the Home Secretary will not take seriously his responsibilities on immigration and on refugees, will he at least allow Scotland to have the right to do so, because we want to welcome people to our world?
On the hon.
Lady’s final point, if Scotland, or rather the Scottish Government—not the Scottish people—want to be more generous in practical terms to people seeking refuge here, they can do so.
In my experience, they choose not to.
With regard to the work that we are doing, I made clear in my statement the various work strands that we are doing in close co-operation with countries around the world to address all elements of the illegal migration pipeline, including interrupting the logistics around this evil practice, and it is working.
I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the fact that many other countries around Europe—countries that we have close working relationships with—are seeing a significant increase in their illegal arrivals, in stark contrast to the reductions we are seeing in the UK.
The hon.
Lady talked about a number of things, but ultimately I am drawn to the remarks that the Court made about refoulement: “The structural changes and capacity-building needed to eliminate that risk may be delivered in the future”.
That is exactly what we are seeking to address.