As I said, there will be a duty on the largest social media platforms that will require them to tackle fraudulent adverts.
That will have a significant impact in preventing a range of online frauds, including romance scams and scam ads.
I will also talk to the Economic Secretary to the Treasury on the hon.
Member’s behalf, because the Government have a fraud strategy.
What recent discussions she has had with (a) Ofcom and (b) telecommunications providers on the planned replacement of the copper wire network.
We have regular meetings with Ofcom and telecommunications providers to discuss the migration from analogue to digital, and in due course the retirement of the copper network.
Ofcom has set out high-level conditions for the gradual deregulation of BT Group’s copper-based network in the future, but it is too early to determine the process that will trigger the complete deregulation.
Ofcom will consider that in the next regulatory review period.
Last year, some of my constituents in Shetland were without electricity for six days.
Moving to voice over internet, they will have a resilience of one hour.
What assurance can the Minister give me that my constituents will not be left cut off without communications after the copper network is withdrawn?
The decision to migrate from the public switched telephone network to voice over internet is one for the industry, but nevertheless we are following this very carefully.
Ofcom has regular discussions, and I, too, have been meeting Ofcom.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to make it certain that vulnerable consumers are protected.
Ofcom will ensure that providers give them back-up in the event of a power outage, and it will be their duty to ensure that that is sufficient.
I am all in favour of new infrastructure being rolled out, and the replacement of old technologies with new ones.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on how we can ensure that telecoms providers use any existing ducting, rather than putting up telegraph poles unnecessarily?
I have a great deal of sympathy with my right hon.
Friend’s question, as I know that this matter is causing concern for a number of Members.
We are very keen that unnecessary infrastructure should not be built where existing ducts can be used.
We have set out regulations on that, and Ofcom oversees it.
Local authorities will be able to make reports to Ofcom if existing ducts are not being sufficiently used and it is felt that the infrastructure is not necessary.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle harmful AI-generated content on social media.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle harmful AI-generated content on social media.
The Online Safety Act 2023, which recently received Royal Assent, has been designed to keep pace with emerging technologies.
The Act will regulate AI-generated content in much the same way that it does content created by humans.
It covers AI-generated content shared by users with other users, search results generated by AI and AI-generated pornography.
In addition, the Act will criminalise the sharing of deepfake intimate image abuse, including when that is AI-generated.
May I take this opportunity to welcome the Minister to the Dispatch Box?
I will not embarrass him by calling him a friend, but I wish him the best of luck.
As the world transitions into the new age of AI, the Tories are leaving the people of Scotland at risk from harmful AI-generated content and social media.
Will the Minister outline why the Scottish Government was blocked from participating in one of the first major AI safety summits?