The Prime Minister knows that I stand unapologetically with my steelmakers in Scunthorpe.
He knows that I believe, as many across this House do, that the UK must retain a virgin steelmaking capability, for strategic reasons if nothing else.
Will he reassure the House that he is personally following developments at British Steel and doing all he can to retain what is a vital sovereign capability?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for her local steelworking community.
I hope she is reassured by the action that this Government have already taken to support steelmaking in our country, reaching a landmark agreement with Tata Steel to safeguard thousands of jobs there, as well as during the pandemic.
I agree that it is important for our industrial base, and we will continue to have constructive conversations with all those companies to ensure that we can support them in their transition to a cleaner, greener steelmaking future.
According to the British Independent Retailers Association on a matter that affects every constituency across this kingdom, 82% of retailers do not even bother reporting physical attacks on their staff, and shopkeepers need to sell an additional 12 items to make up for each item that is stolen.
Will the Prime Minister support the efforts being made by the association and by many Members across the House to ensure that retailers are protected, that theft against them is called out and that they are supported in every way possible?
And today, at a meeting in Dining Room C, will he encourage its members from those shops in their efforts?
First, I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his work as vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on retail crime.
He is absolutely right about the importance of this issue.
I worked in my mum’s shop—her pharmacy—growing up, and I understand exactly what he is talking about when small businesses are the victims of crime.
Our expectation and our agreement with police forces—we did this earlier this year—is that all shoplifting should be followed up where there is evidence such as CCTV footage and that any violent or abusive behaviour towards shopworkers, particularly those who provide a valuable service to the public, is never acceptable.
That is why we introduced a statutory aggravating factor for assaults on workers who provide a service to the public.
I commend my hon.
Friend for everything he is doing on this issue.
Final question.
I call Sir William Cash.
Will my right hon.
Friend give the House an assurance that he has made it clear to the new Foreign Secretary, who of course we wish well, that his policy and conduct of EU-related affairs will be consistent with the Government’s 2019 election manifesto and the referendum and that he is now fully committed to UK parliamentary sovereignty, self-government and democracy in accordance with the Government’s subsequent legislation?
I am delighted to give my hon.
Friend that assurance, because this Government are seizing the opportunities of Brexit, aided by his advice and support.
We passed the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Act 2023 to ensure that we can regulate our growth industries more competitively, and we have signed trade deals with the fastest growing regions across the world including, most recently, the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
It is this Government who are delivering the benefits  of Brexit to every part of our country, and long may  that continue.