The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 November.
At the start of the year, I made halving inflation my No.1 priority.
Today, we have delivered on that commitment.
There remains more to do, but this is a strong step forward.
Also this morning, the Supreme Court gave a judgment on the Rwanda plan.
It confirmed that the principle of removing asylum seekers to a safe third country is lawful.
There are further elements that it wants additional certainty on, and it noted that changes can be delivered in the future to address those issues.
The Government have been working already on a new treaty with Rwanda, and we will finalise that in the light of today’s judgment.
Furthermore, if necessary I am prepared to revisit our domestic legal frameworks.
Let me assure the House that my commitment to stopping the boats is unwavering and my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary will be making an oral statement shortly to the House.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, and I shall have further such meetings later today.
When the Prime Minister took office, he promised to lead a Government marked by “integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level.”
What is it about the judgment of David Cameron and his relationship with Lex Greensill, or his lobbying for Chinese state interests, that made the Prime Minister consider him a suitable candidate to be Foreign Secretary?
I am delighted that the former Prime Minister has rejoined the Government as Foreign Secretary.
He brings unrivalled experience and relationships across the world, and will do a fantastic job championing British interests everywhere he goes.
Tackling illegal immigration is a crucial issue for my constituents, many of whom will be extremely disappointed by this morning’s judgment from the Supreme Court.
Is the Prime Minister able to update the House on what that decision means for the Government’s plan to tackle illegal immigration?