Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, having been born and raised in Vallejo, California and graduating from California State University, East Bay, Cheryl is a true Bay Area native.
With a focus on the local news impacting my constituents most, Cheryl covered a wide range of stories, from community events to breaking news.
Her reporting showcased her dedication to providing accurate and impactful journalism to her viewers.
Her love for covering breaking news was known to anyone who crossed her path.
Cheryl was the first to report about the BALCO steroid scandal that rocked the sports world.
By shedding a light on the banned performance-enhancing substances, Cheryl was able to hold corporations accountable and protect the integrity of our athletics.
I truly admire the tenacity she showed to always follow through on her stories.
Like many journalists in California, Cheryl was tasked with covering natural disasters such as wildfires and earthquakes that devastated entire communities.
I'm thankful for the compassion she showed to the victims of those events as well as her work to raise awareness of the increasing risks posed by disasters including the flooding, wildfires, heatwaves, and drought Californians now face every year.
Over her 20-year legacy, Cheryl was honored with an award from the Bay Area Black Journalist Association and four Emmy awards presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences San Francisco.
I'm so proud that her years of experience and commitment were met with accolades and applause.
Aside from her time in broadcast, Cheryl is also one of the founding members of Friends of Faith, a non-profit organization founded 1987, that raises money for women diagnosed with breast cancer in the East Bay.
After realizing the financial hardships that East Bay cancer patients are burdened with, Cheryl, along with her peers, began fundraising to provide stipends for women in need of financial assistance during their treatment journey.
This is just one of the many ways Cheryl cared for her neighbors.
Cheryl's professionalism and selflessness has made our community a better place.
Now that she has more time, I hope Cheryl is able to enjoy more time with her family and adorable dog, Stripe.
I'm privileged to call her a friend, and I wish her a joyful retirement.
It surely is well-deserved.