Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th birthday beautiful campus serves veterans from across multiple counties in the Texas Hill Country.
The Benevolent War Risk Society and the American Legion recognized the need for medical care of World War I veterans.
Countless veterans contracted tuberculosis during and after that conflict.
Fundraising for the hospital began in 1919.
The generous Schreiner family of Kerrville donated over 700 acres of land for the hospital grounds.
Unfortunately, funding ran out in early 1921.
The American Legion came to the project's rescue and eventually donated the hospital to the State of Texas.
As a result, the name ``American Legion Memorial Sanatorium'' was bequeathed on the facility.
The first patients were admitted on June 22, 1921.
The federal Veterans Administration began to lease the hospital from the State of Texas two years later.
The facility became the 93rd veteran hospital to open in the United States on July 12, 1923, under the name ``Veterans Administration Hospital at Kerrville.''
There were a total of 15 buildings on campus at the time, some of which are still used today.
President Herbert Hoover created the Veterans Administration in July 1930, changing the name of the hospital yet again.
Over the years, efforts were made to expand.
A two million-dollar project in 1947 resulted in 400 additional beds and a total of 8 hospital floors.
January of 1960 saw the conversion of the facility to full general medical services.
On March 15, 1995, the South Texas Veterans Healthcare System was created when the Kerrville VA Medical Center merged with the Audie L. Murphy Memorial Hospital in San Antonio.
Over the years, the Veterans Administration donated most of the original land to various local entities.
The current footprint of the Kerrville VA Medical Center is 70 acres, including a Veterans National Cemetery.
My constituents will gather on April 12, 2024 to recognize the significant contributions of this medical facility to Texas veterans.