Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a Hoosier whose service to country and community has endured for over three decades.
Lisa Wilken is a former airman and advocate who has dedicated her career to uplifting her fellow veterans.
Lisa's service began in the United States Air Force and continues today through her work with veteran service organizations as a fierce advocate for veteran-friendly legislation at both the Indiana Statehouse and the United States Congress.
As an active member of multiple veteran organizations, Lisa has advocated for veterans at every stage.
Far too often the assistance veterans require post-service is not accessible, or just nonexistent.
Lisa's experience in the Air Force enabled her to become an advocate for lifechanging legislation at the Indiana Statehouse, including securing tax exemptions for disabled veterans, Veteran Service Officer accreditation, tuition coverage and free programs for dependents of disabled veterans, and the creation of the State Women Veteran Coordinator position at the Indiana Department.
Lisa has prioritized recognizing and serving overlooked constituencies in the military community, especially women veterans.
She testified before Congress to raise awareness for the lack of funding for military sexual trauma veterans.
In 2017, she was honored by the State of Indiana with the Torchbearer Award, and in 2023, she was inducted into the Indiana Military Veterans Hall.
Lisa Wilken has established a legacy in the Indianapolis and surrounding communities that will be felt and deeply appreciated for future generations of service women and men.
Even within the veteran community, women veterans tend to be overlooked and underrecognized.
That is why I am proud to honor the many Hoosier women veterans who selflessly serve our community.
Beginning with its namesake, the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award was created to highlight exemplary Hoosier women veterans whose service to their community and Nation is unparalleled.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Lisa Wilken.
I thank Lisa for her service and for her advocacy as she continues to be a voice of her peers, for her persistence, and for her commitment to the veteran community.