We, and all those who care about the resolution of this issue, are deeply disappointed about the way we have been led to this point, with 11 rounds of negotiations under the Conservatives, and more under the new Government.
Just four weeks ago, the Foreign Secretary presented his deal to the House.
Now the new President-elect and the new Prime Minister of Mauritius are expressing doubts.
Is it not striking and shocking that it has unravelled so quickly?
Does the Minister agree that whatever happens next, it is vital that the voices of the Chagossians are finally injected into the process, and that they are able to fulfil their rights of self-determination?
Whatever lies ahead in these talks, the Liberal Democrats have strongly argued that all treaties should come before the House before signing, and I believe that members of the Government, including two who are on the Front Bench today, supported that in the past.
Will the Minister commit to allowing meaningful opportunities for parliamentarians to examine the detailed proposals, including the necessary assurances on elements of the deal relating to our national security, before anything is signed?
We will follow the normal process for treaty ratification, which is that after signature, the treaty will come before this House, with details given to colleagues and with the ability for full parliamentary scrutiny, as would be expected as part of the normal process.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the Chagossians.
My ministerial colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for  Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , who is sat next to me, has been meeting Chagossian communities in the UK.
He will continue to meet those communities.
This Government deeply regret how they were treated and removed from the islands originally.
It is one reason why we have made the relationship with the Chagossians such an important part of the future of the islands, as the Foreign Secretary has previously outlined to the House.
Can the Minister confirm that the operations of the vital UK-US base on Diego Garcia will continue, completely unaffected by the terms of this deal?
Separately, will he confirm that our commitment to the Falkland Islands, to Gibraltar and to the rights of the people there to self-determine remain completely unaffected by this deal?
As the first Minister from the new Government to visit the Falklands, I was able to say clearly that the Falkland Islands are British for as long as they would like to be.
The message I gave to the Gibraltarians was that Gibraltar is British for as long as the people of Gibraltar want it to be.
I confirm to my hon.
Friend that this deal secures the future of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
That is something that our US allies have supported.
Which is more important for Britain’s vital security: to have the approval of the outgoing American President, or the approval of the incoming one?
What is there to prevent China, with Mauritius’s agreement, putting listening outposts on other islands that could compromise the security of Diego Garcia?
There are specific arrangements in the treaty that prevent any foreign power from putting security apparatus or security forces on any of the outgoing islands.
The right hon.
Gentleman will be able to see that when the treaty comes before the House.
In relation to the support of the United States, we would not have signed an agreement if it was not supported by our US friends.
This deal secures the operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
I expect that when everyone looks at the detail of the deal, they will back it too.
Chagos belongs to the Chagossians.
A quarter of the global population of Chagos lives within my constituency.
I am aware of statements made by Ministers that they have met representatives of the Chagossian community; I do not know who those representatives are, but I know of representatives in my constituency who have not yet been consulted.
Does the Minister agree that before any further dialogue takes place, the Government should engage fully with the community representatives in my constituency?
The Foreign Office Minister beside me, my hon.
Friend the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth, has met a range of representatives from the Chagossian community and will continue to do so as this process continues.
I know that he would welcome a conversation with my hon.
Friend to make sure that that dialogue is as complete as it can be.
First, may I ask, what is the rush?
Why is the Minister in such a hurry to get this done?
May I suggest that it would be to the Government’s advantage, if their case is so strong, to allow this House to debate the agreed text in public before it is signed?
May I also suggest that it stretches incredulity for him to tell the House that there have been no discussions at all with the incoming American Administration?
Can he at least tell the House what informal dialogue there is with the incoming Administration about what their view really is?
Can he report that to the House, please?
As a long-standing Member of this House, the hon.
Gentleman will be familiar with how treaties are debated and agreed by this House.
After signature, they come forward for ratification.
This process was started a number of years ago by the Government that he supported.
Eleven rounds of negotiation have taken place.
We have secured a deal that is in support of the UK and US base on Diego Garcia, which will continue to operate well into the next century.
When he and others see the detail of the deal, I am sure they will back it.
It is hard to imagine anything said from that Dispatch Box over the past five months that has survived contact with reality, and this is no different.
In the tripartite relationship between the United States, the United Kingdom and Mauritius, two of those partners now have doubts about this arrangement, so what is the unseemly rush about?
In the tension between national security and the human rights of the Chagossians, this Government, as usual, have managed to reconcile neither.
I am not certain whether the SNP’s record on national security really gives the hon.
Member the platform that he is pretending to have on this one.
I recognise, however, that he is trying to make a serious point about the deal.
When the deal is signed, it will come before the House in the usual way.
That will allow parliamentarians of all parties to look at the detail of the deal and take a judgment, and the House will vote in the usual way, as it will do on other treaties.
What is it in particular that the new regime in Mauritius have doubts about?
It is that they want more money, isn’t it?
I think it is quite normal for any new Government to look again at a deal signed by their immediate predecessor—[Interruption.]
The reason I say that is that when they look at the deal, they will see that the detail is convincing; just as it will be for our US friends, because it is a deal backed by the entirety of the US security apparatus that secures the future operation of the UK-US base well into the future and deals with the uncertainty around the base that existed until the deal was made.
Hopefully, the right hon.
Member will back the deal when the details come before the House—let us see.
The presentation of what the American Administration believe is a fantasy.
Joe Biden is going—in fact, many think that he has gone already.
I have been contacted by very senior  officials and advisers from the incoming Republican Administration, and every single one of them is appalled at this deal.
They know that the leasehold agreement will not survive, just as the deal with China over Hong Kong did not survive.
Has not the time come for the Government to admit that this is a rotten deal for the UK, a rotten deal for America and an even worse deal for the Chagossians?
If the Minister cares so much about the sovereignty of the Falklands being in the hands of the Falkland Islanders, why not have a referendum of the Chagossians and ask them to settle who should have sovereignty over those islands?
As someone who has been in the Falklands recently, let me say that whipping up uncertainty about their future is not helpful for the security of the Falkland Islanders.
Let us be absolutely clear: the Falklands are British for as long as the people of the Falkland Islands want to be British.
When it comes to this deal, I am certain that when its detail has been put before this House and before our US friends and other allies, they will see that it not only secures the future of the UK-US base—something that is not the case until the deal is signed—but secures it well into the next century, when the hon.
Gentleman and I will no longer be in this place but the UK-US base on Diego Garcia will still be operating, securing our national interests.
We in this House all know how the People’s Republic of China has been able to use commercial vessels, including fishing vessels, to impinge on how we operate.
Will the Minister set out how large an exclusion zone there will be around Diego Garcia to ensure that our interests and US interests are properly protected?