The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
We will deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
The last Government’s affordable housing programme is expected to deliver only between 110,000 and 130,000 homes, although when it was published in 2020, the ambition was for 180,000.
Labour is fixing that.
The Chancellor announced in the Budget an immediate one-year cash injection of £500 million into the affordable homes programme to deliver 5,000 new social and affordable homes.
Many of my constituents in Birmingham Erdington are worried about the deteriorating quality of social housing.
What work is being done to ensure that housing stock is maintained to the highest standards, so that tenants can live in the safe, high-quality housing that they deserve?
I know that housing quality has been a particular issue in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
All social housing tenants deserve to live in a safe, decent home.
We will bring forward Awaab’s law to the social rented sector, setting new time limits for social landlords to fix dangerous hazards.
We will shortly consult on minimum energy efficiency standards and a new decent homes standard.
We will direct the Regulator of Social Housing to introduce a new competence and conduct standard and an access to information requirement.
There are 2,151 families across Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole on social housing waiting lists, many in unsuitable temporary accommodation.
What steps is the Department taking to unlock development sites in densely packed constituencies like mine, so that the council can meet its housing targets, and families can get the safe and secure housing that they deserve?
We have consulted on changes to the national planning policy framework to maximise development on brownfield land, and we have invited views on proposals for a new brownfield passport, which will provide more explicit guidance on how the  potential of land in urban areas can be maximised.
We intend to publish updates on the national planning policy framework by the end of this year.
In Scotland, 242 people died while homeless last year.
Those deaths are a travesty for our country and a damning symbol of Scottish Government failure.
My local authority of West Dunbartonshire declared a housing emergency this year.
Does the Secretary of State agree that as we head into winter, it is more urgent than ever that the Scottish National party Government finally take action, deliver a fair deal for councils, build more affordable social houses and offer every Scot a safe, secure home?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue; 242 people dying is absolutely horrendous.
We face an acute housing crisis.
While housing and homelessness are devolved, I urge our Scottish counterparts to grip this issue.
I completely agree that he gives a damning example of the crisis in Scotland.
Every single homeless death is a tragedy.
That is why a sufficient supply of affordable housing and joined-up support services are essential, as we will make clear in our upcoming inter-ministerial meetings with our Scottish colleagues.
I have another question on the SNP’s failure on housing, because it is so bad.
Scottish figures show that new build starts are falling in all sectors, and are at their lowest level since 2013.
Private sector new builds are down 20% since 2022.
For social housing, the figure is even worse: they are down by 30%.
This is devastating the opportunity for families across my constituency to get a home of their own.
The SNP has the largest funding settlement in devolution history.
Will it use that to properly fund the social rented sector?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the housing crisis in Scotland, where too many families are waiting for too long for a safe and secure home.
I completely back all the brilliant work that my friend the Scottish Labour leader is doing, and I know that the choice will be stark for people in Scotland in May 2026; it will be between a national Labour Government delivering for the working people of this country, and a clapped-out and failing SNP Government north of the border.
Given that the Secretary of State’s avowed goal is to create more social housing, can she explain to the House why Labour-controlled Thanet district council is seeking to build a large housing estate on the outskirts of Birchington-on-Sea, on prime agricultural land?
There is little demand for those houses, and little provision of social housing.
Can she have a word with the leader of Thanet council?
In our new national planning policy framework, we have set out how we are protecting agricultural land, but we have also set out the fact that our country faces a housing crisis.
I cannot believe that the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency does not have a crisis, because it is everywhere.
Over the last 10 years, under the previous Government, £500 million of taxpayers’ money was handed out to second and holiday homeowners in Cornwall alone, while only half that amount was  spent on social housing for first-time need.
Meanwhile, there is a massive backlog of shovel-ready social housing development that has planning permission and is ready to be delivered, but is caught by construction inflation.
Surely the Government can add the dots to resolve the problem— Order.
The houses could have been built by now.
I really hope so, Mr Speaker; that is the plan.
We are taking steps through the new national planning policy framework, and we have new mandatory targets for local authorities.
We have also allowed local authorities to keep their right to buy receipts.
The Government are taking a number of measures to ensure that we get the homes that we so desperately need, and I am determined to get to that 1.5 million figure.