The dangerous proposed reforms to the NPPF are among the many things that the Labour Government have rushed through in the past five months.
How will those reforms ensure that villages such as Kings Langley, and South West Hertfordshire, retain their individual character and identity, and do not have their green spaces re-banded as grey belt, concreted over and absorbed into an ever-increasing Greater London?
We are not going to concrete over the green belt.
The Government are committed to preserving the green belt, which has served England’s towns and cities well over many decades, but we have to move away from the previous Government’s approach to it, which was to allow land in it to regularly be released in a haphazard matter, often for speculative development that did not meet local housing need.
This Government are committed to taking a smarter, more strategic approach to green-belt land designation and release, so that we can build more homes in the right places and secure additional public benefit through the operation of our golden rules.
My constituency is fortunate enough to have a number of potential projects that are ripe for investment, including the Port of Workington and energy projects for new nuclear and other kinds of clean energy.
They are essential projects for economic growth, but to get them going we need major planning reform, not just for housing but for infrastructure projects.
Does the Minister agree on the urgent need for planning reform for infrastructure, and that any legislation that we bring forward must be comprehensive, so that we can remove all the obstacles that stand between us and getting building?
It will not surprise my hon.
Friend to hear that I wholeheartedly agree.
The delivery of critical national infrastructure is essential for economic growth, accelerating the UK’s efforts towards clean power by 2030, and energy independence.
The Bill in question will include old measures to streamline the delivery of infrastructure and new homes.
Furthermore, our forthcoming 10-year infrastructure strategy will provide a strategic road map for how we plan for future needs and support our commitment by making timely decisions on national infrastructure.
Under the housing targets, Hinckley and Bosworth will see a 59% increase in housing.
North West Leicestershire will see it go up by 74%, but Leicester city, where there is brownfield and infrastructure, will see it fall by 31%.
That is compounded by the fact that the Liberal Democrat-run borough council in Hinckley and Bosworth does not have an up-to-date local plan.
Given that there is speculative development in Hinckley and Bosworth, will the Minister consider strengthening neighbourhood plans?
We know that they deliver more housing, provide protections for people locally and have buy-in from communities, yet the council suffers without an up-to-date one.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we are leaving in place the protections on neighbourhood planning.
He is mistaken if he is suggesting that we are skewing development towards rural areas.
The proposed standard method, which we consulted on, significantly boosts expectations across city regions.
Indeed, across mayoral combined authority areas, it would see targets grow by more than 30%.
Local plans  are the best way for communities to control development in their areas.
I am sure that he will agree that Hinckley and Bosworth borough council needs an up-to-date local plan in place.
Perhaps he can work with me to ensure that that is the case.