As the Minister will know, social housing providers and councils operate within a regulated service charge regime that does not allow them to make a profit, and the Housing Ombudsman Service is there for any complaints.
Will the Minister consider bringing in a similar regime for the private sector?
I have set out the routes to redress that are already available and our intention to switch on the measures in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act, but I am more than happy to sit down and have a conversation with my hon.
Friend about what more protection leaseholders in this space require.
What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
We are intent on moving towards allocated, multi-year funding settlements targeted at need.
We will set out this refreshed vision for local growth funding in the multi-year spending review, working with local leaders to drive growth in the areas that need it most, and ending the plethora of competitive pots.
I am very pleased to hear the Minister’s reply.
The last Government wasted local authorities’ time and money by making them bid for handouts from central Government.
In North Warwickshire, so much time was spent preparing numerous bids for the new swimming pool and leisure centre that our community desperately needed, only for vital funds to go to places without such high levels of need.
Under this Labour Government, will the Minister ensure that local authorities receive the fair funding they require to deliver the local services they know their communities need?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the harm done by that “beauty parade” funding model, which was inefficient and created so much disappointment.
What follows will be much better.
Seaside towns such as Rhyl and Colwyn Bay in my constituency have much in common with our north-west neighbours.
The 2019 “Future of Seaside Towns” report highlights the need to avoid a one-size-fits-all approach, while recognising common issues.
How do the Government plan to use national funding streams while ensuring local delivery to deliver long-term growth in our seaside towns?
That is another important argument for why we need longer-term, allocative settlements.
It is my hon.
Friend, her local authority, her local residents and her community who know Rhyl.
They are the experts, and they should have the flexibility to break the one-size-fits-all model to make things work for themselves.
I declare an interest as a Stratford-on-Avon district councillor.
Does the Minister agree that, in two-tier local government areas, district and borough councils are best placed as the most local form of government to allocate funds from the UK shared prosperity fund, given their proximity to communities and their deep understanding of local needs?
The hon.
Lady tempts me to discuss the shared prosperity funding, which communities will receive shortly.
I have to say that my enthusiasm is for all tiers of government in local areas—whether that is metro mayors, upper-tier authorities, boroughs and districts or indeed parish and town councils—to come together in shared interest to improve their communities.