My constituent, Dom, purchased a high-rise building that, it now transpires, does not meet building regulations on combustible materials used in the early 2000s.
His building  is being remediated, but the materials are being allowed to remain, locking in the risk for the long term and sending insurance premiums sky high.
Why are the Government not investigating historic non-compliance?
What is being done to protect homeowners from unfair losses and sky-high insurance premiums?
We are clear that dangerous buildings need to be remediated.
That is why the best thing that any building owner can do is get into a scheme today to unlock the funding and meet those duties they have as building owners.
When they do that and when they are approved for the grant, they would have an inspection at that point, so I am surprised to hear that dangerous defects would be locked in, as the hon.
Lady says, but I am interested in having a conversation with her to understand that further.
A block of 50 flats in my constituency was built by the public sector 60 years ago and has now been found to have a major structural fault that will cost over £1 million to fix.
The flat owners are also shared freeholders of the block and cannot afford the cost of the repair or to sell their flats.
As it is an unusual situation, will the Minister meet me and the resident owners to consider a way forward before the situation gets critical?
Yes, of course.
The issue of cladding defects is exceptionally important and, indeed, the subject of a debate later today, but so are non-cladding defects and protecting leaseholders from their impacts.
Given that the Government are already doing another relaunch, would the Secretary of State reconsider the fairness of housing targets, whereby poor delivery by Labour in London is awarded with lower targets to the detriment of areas such as South West Hertfordshire?
Perhaps the hon.
Gentleman did not hear my previous response.
The proposed new standard method, which we consulted on, significantly boosts expectations across our city regions.
In mayoral combined authority areas, it would see targets grow by more than 30%, matching the ambition of our local leaders.
The Government are consulting on the future of pan-regional partnerships such as our own Great South-West, which covers Cornwall, Devon, Somerset and Dorset.
Businesses I speak to value the ability of our regions to speak with one voice on economic issues to Government and to investors, which are important for our region.
Would the Minister meet me and businesses to discuss the future of PRPs?