Ministers briefed the media over a week ago about plans for local government reorganisation and devolution.
When do the Government plan to set them before the House, so that Members representing areas across the country can take a view?
I am not sure how that relates to planning reform, which is the subject of the question, but my hon.
Friend the Minister for Local Government will set out in due course how our plans for devolution will be taken forward.
Apologies if there is confusion; I was expecting to come in on question 4.
[Interruption.]
I am glad to hear it.
Many areas of the country stand to lose millions of pounds from the scrapping of the rural services grant—one of many local government funding streams that are expected to change.
When will our councils, and this House, know the full impact of the financial changes, so that any reorganisation, devolution, or changes to local plans and other council strategies can be delivered with full knowledge of the impact that the changes will have on councils’ on the ability to lead locally?
Full details of the provisional settlement will be set out in the coming weeks.
What discussions she has had with local government representatives on potential future devolution agreements in Somerset.
In July, the Deputy Prime Minister invited places without a devolution agreement, including Somerset, to come forward with proposals for their area, in order to gauge the approaches and forms being considered across the country.
We welcome Somerset’s support for this initiative, and look forward to hearing its views on the imminent White Paper on English devolution, which will be released shortly.
My constituents have had to endure the Liberal Democrats presiding over the transition from two levels of council, which worked—they balanced their books—to a unitary council that is on the brink of bankruptcy.
Can the Minister assure the House that no new council reforms will be forced on unwilling areas, and that local opinion will be at the forefront of his decision?
I think we have all had to endure Liberal Democrats, so I can reflect on that.
We are in constant dialogue with local councils on our twin-pronged approach.
One prong is devolution and making sure that we push power out of this place and into local communities.
The other is reorganisation in cases where  councils recognise that it delivers more effective and efficient local government.
The Department is keen to hear the conversations that local areas are having on that.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I hope that you will endure us, Mr Speaker.
Dorset council, which covers half my constituency, has agreed to work with Somerset and Wiltshire—all unitary councils—on a devolution arrangement, but residents are already raising concerns that top-down reorganisation will take decisions further away from their homes and communities.
They are worried about what a mayoral combined authority might do to them.
What assurances can the Minister give that the town and parish councils, on which residents rely so heavily, will not be expected to keep unitary councils afloat, and that my residents will not see back-door council tax rises as a result of the changes?
Central Government have said to local government that we want to reset the relationship and work as partners in power, and it is not unreasonable to expect that councils will do the same at a local level and will work together in partnership.
We see that across the country: local councils work in partnership with their parish and town councils in the interests of their community.
Whether or not reorganisation takes place, we expect that to continue.
What steps her Department is taking to support councils in reducing homelessness.
What progress her Department has made on ending rough sleeping.
What steps her Department is taking to support councils in reducing homelessness.
We are taking action to tackle the root causes of homelessness.
Funding for homelessness services is increasing next year by £233 million, taking the total spend to almost £1 billion in 2025-26.
We are also abolishing no-fault evictions and will deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
Over the past two years, we have witnessed a staggering 50% increase in homelessness in Blackpool, underlining the urgent need for support in our communities.
Blackpool’s homelessness partnership, through which the council works with the third sector and local charities, has done outstanding work to prevent homelessness, but we need more support.
What steps will the Minister take to support and strengthen local efforts to ensure immediate relief and long-term solutions for some of the most vulnerable in our society?
This Government have already made £10 million of additional funding available to local authorities, including Blackpool, to tackle rough sleeping pressures this winter, and we are developing a long-term, cross-departmental strategy.
The £547 million rough sleeping initiative will continue to support local authorities across England by funding tailored rough sleeping services, which includes funding of £313,000 for Blackpool borough council in 2024-25.
As a result of the Localism Act 2011, introduced by the Conservative party, the ringfence around homelessness funding was removed.
Due to that, and despite the good work that the Government are doing on funding homelessness services, Tory-led Devon county council is consulting on cutting its entire homelessness support budget, which would have a devastating impact on people and on the city of Exeter.
Does the Minister agree that councils should really invest that money in homelessness services and not squirrel it away in other pots across the council?
We are absolutely focused on tackling homelessness and rough sleeping, and their root causes.
The previous Government left local authorities in a dire condition.
The autumn Budget announced £4 billion of additional funding for local authorities and services, and funding for homelessness services is increasing next year, but I will look into the points my hon.
Friend raises.
We are determined that wherever people live they are protected from the risk of homelessness and rough sleeping.
Although in my constituency we have the City of Wolverhampton council’s homelessness prevention strategy, which has had some success in tackling homelessness, last week I was contacted by a constituent fleeing domestic violence and finding it difficult to get permanent social housing for herself and her daughter.
Crisis, the national homelessness charity, reports a 15% increase in children living in temporary accommodation—the highest on record—and we know that issues such as substance misuse and lack of proper employment also cause homelessness.
Will the Minister please confirm how her Department is helping councils to deal with the societal and economic issues that can cause homelessness?
My hon.
Friend raises really important issues about how multiple underlying causes can drive people into homelessness.
We are determined to tackle the root causes, which is why the Deputy Prime Minister is chairing the inter-departmental taskforce on homelessness and rough sleeping.
The previous Labour Government took action, and cut homelessness and rough sleeping.
We are determined to ensure that we tackle the underlying issues, which means reforming the supported housing that victims of domestic violence need and ensuring that local government works with mayors and national Government to tackle these issues.
We are absolutely committed to doing that.
Wokingham borough council is under intense financial pressure, making the crucial task of reducing homelessness a significant challenge.
Initial estimates are that the Budget’s new funding for local government will be more than swallowed up by cost increases in employers’ national insurance contributions and the national minimum wage, let alone the ever-growing  demand for statutory services.
Will the Minister meet me and the leader and chief executive of our council, so we can discuss the future of its finances and what we can do to reduce homelessness?
I am aware that the Minister for Local Government and English Devolution, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oldham West, Chadderton and Royton (Jim McMahon) , has already met the hon.
Gentleman, but I am happy to look at the specific issues he raises in relation to homelessness.
To reassure him, we are working across Government on these very issues, looking at how different agendas can be brought together to tackle the deep-rooted issues affecting homelessness and rough sleeping, and how best we can support local areas.
I look forward to engaging Members from across the House as we develop that very important cross-departmental strategy to tackle the deep-rooted causes of homelessness and rough sleeping.
Rural homelessness has risen by 40% in just the last five years.
In our communities, that is massively fed by the fact that average house prices are about 12 times above local incomes, as well as insufficient local housing.
Does the Minister agree that we need to give planning powers to local authorities and national parks, so that they can designate exclusively for social rented housing and developments that therefore cannot be used for expensive housing for which, frankly, there is no need?
As I said, we have an ambitious plan for affordable and social housing, which fits within the Government’s commitment to build 1.5 million homes.
It is vital to make supply available.
We are putting in funding, including £500 million for the affordable homes programme, which will build 5,000 properties.
The hon.
Gentleman is aware of the work we are doing to ensure that there is a proper and effective national planning framework to go hand in hand with local work with local authorities.
I hope he can see that we are very much working in the spirit of ensuring that we increase supply, provide affordable and social housing, and tackle the root causes that need to be addressed.
Some 18,000 homes with planning permission across Somerset are waiting to be built, but nutrient neutrality issues, flood risk and the national shortage of planners are preventing or delaying the delivery of those much-needed homes.
What discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues about fixing the issue and ensuring that appropriate homes are built to help reduce the strain caused by the lack of housing in Somerset?
I can reassure the hon Lady that the Government are addressing those issues and will take appropriate action.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and other Ministers are very much engaged with this important agenda.