In July, overseas voters—British nationals—were able to vote for Members of Parliament in this House, but in the absence of overseas constituencies, too many are being told that the MP of their last address cannot represent them because of the rules about Members representing only constituents.
Can we get a letter out to all MPs providing clarity on the issue?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Electoral Commission has published a report on the general election, and we will consider its findings and will come back in due course on this matter and others.
The overheated housing market in York is being fuelled by the 2,193 short-term holiday lets in the city.
I have a private Member’s Bill on the subject, so will the Minister work with me as I co-produce the Bill to address this problem in York?
My hon.
Friend and I have discussed this matter many times.
She is well aware of the Government’s approach to tackling excessive concentrations of short-term lets and second homes.
I am of course more than happy to discuss the issue with her again in the future.
Most parties in this House, representing a collective total of 500 MPs, agree that first past the post is damaging trust in politics, and 64% of the public would like to see change.
Does the Secretary of State agree that a national commission for electoral reform could address that, as recommended by the all-party parliamentary group?
No.
After 14 years of cuts to local government, we see the consequences across council areas, including to my council of Medway, which suffered a 91% cut in direct support grants, coupled with a financial inheritance that according to the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy was “grave”.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and Medway council colleagues and finance officers to discuss the support available after 14 years of austerity cuts by the Conservatives?
We are working constructively with Medway council as part of our framework to support councils in the most difficulty.
This Government are clear that the process will be collaborative and supportive and, on that basis, we are more than happy to meet to discuss it further.
Councils up and down the land, but particularly in the south-east of England, are frustrated by the high levels of undeveloped consents.
It is perfectly possible that the Secretary of State will find that, come the next election, her target has been consented but is nowhere near built.
Will she consider allowing councils to have a 10-year housing  supply number that includes undeveloped consents, so that when the number is reached, developers have no choice but to build?
We took steps, in the proposed reforms to the consultation on the national planning policy framework, to encourage build-out—not least through encouraging mixed-use development.
However, we are reflecting on what more can be done to encourage that and to ensure that sites are built out in a timely manner.
I have a constituent—a young, pregnant woman —who was recently released from hospital and housed in a local hotel that was contracted to house the homeless.
She was petrified from the first night.
She slept badly because men were banging on her door all night, and she was surrounded by drug use.
She felt safer sleeping rough on the second night.
Too many of my vulnerable constituents in Stoke-on-Trent South are being housed in accommodation that does not cater to their complex needs.
Will the Minister update the House on his work to end the practice of shifting homeless constituents from one area to another to be housed in totally inappropriate— Order.
I am sorry, but I have to get everybody in.
It is not just about your question.
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I refer to my previous comments; I am very happy to meet and engage with her on her work to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
If Wiltshire embraces the opportunity to join Dorset and Somerset in an elected mayoral authority, will there be local elections all-out in Wiltshire next spring?