As I set out in response to a previous question, we will consult on how to end the prevalence of new fleecehold estates, and we will, in the short term, ensure that residents on existing estates have the protections they need against unfair management charges.
I am delighted that the Government’s Mayoral Council is handing back powers to local communities.
We are already seeing the impact of that.
Claire Ward, the Mayor of the east midlands, attended the first meeting in October.
She is leading the way: the east midlands is one of the youth trailblazer regions granted £5 million of Government funding to help young people into work or training.
What work are Ministers doing to give those who contribute to our country a say in how it is governed?
The forthcoming English devolution White Paper will set out clearly our top-to-bottom redistribution of power, and how we include and engage people at a local level to ensure that they can actively participate in the development of their areas.
There is growing concern among constituents that planning decisions are being swept aside because of the Government’s new planning reforms.
What assurance can the Minister give that there will be meaningful engagement between constituents and their local planning authority, and that decisions will be respected?
As I have said, the best way to shape development in any given area is to have an up-to-date local plan in place.
Where such plans are not in place, local authorities leave themselves open to the presumption in favour of sustainable development, and to development via appeal, so I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that his local authority has an up-to-date plan in place.
That is the best way for residents to have control.
We want more resident engagement upstream in those local plans.
In five years, the cost of West Sussex county council’s Oracle upgrade has risen from £2.6 million to £28 million.
Is that the kind of contract mismanagement that the Office for Local Government can look into?
We are currently in the process of reviewing oversight, accountability, and checks and balances to make sure that they are in place and fit for purpose, and that the early warning system works.
More detail on that will follow in the English devolution White Paper before Christmas.
Labour’s housing targets desperately need reform to take into account land availability around protected landscapes.
The Government have said that the answer is the costly planning appeals system.
Does the Minister think that is a good use of taxpayers’ money?
Local plans have to go through examination for a determination of whether they are sound.
Hard constraints, such as the type that the hon.
Gentleman has just mentioned, will be taken into account when those plans are tested, even under the new framework.
The Government’s commitment to build more affordable homes is both welcome and urgent.
However, we also need to ensure that registered providers are willing and able to take on section 106 affordable homes when they are built.
In recent years, a combination of factors has meant that too many homes stand empty.
Will my hon.
Friend say what steps can be taken to tackle the section 106 standing stock scandal?
We recognise that this is a growing problem across the country that is having a severe impact on affordable housing supply.
My hon.
Friend will not have to wait long to find out what the Government propose to do to bear down on this problem.
The proposed planning reforms mean that towns such as Tring will see up to 40% more housing built on the green belt.
What assurances can the Minister give that sacrificing that countryside will not have a negative impact on the community, and that we will have infrastructure before the occupation of homes and truly affordable homes for people in the local community?
We want to put in place a planning system that is geared towards meeting housing need in full.
That is a clear difference between us and the Conservative party.
In bringing forward its local plan and looking at development, every local area should look first at densification—that is, what it can do on brownfield land.
It should only have to review green-belt land if it cannot meet the needs in that way or via cross-boundary strategic planning.
Last week, my local council announced the proposed closure of the much-loved Prince of Wales theatre in Cannock.
Despite the council’s financial pressures, local people do not want that theatre to become collateral damage.
Will the Minister meet me to see what could be done to explore community ownership and give our theatre the bright future that thousands of my constituents want to see?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am very keen on community ownership, and I am sad to hear about the situation in his community.
I would definitely  steer him towards the “asset of community value” process in the immediate term, and of course, I would be very happy to meet him and campaigners on this issue.
Non-qualifying leaseholder status gets slapped on a property in perpetuity long after the required safety works are completed.
That status means that it is almost impossible to acquire a mortgage—solicitors advise very strongly that purchasers steer clear of such properties, which are very often flats—and the status is inherited by successive owners in perpetuity.
Has the Minister considered what this status does for the housing crisis?
I completely understand the challenge.
Drawing a line between qualifying and non-qualifying leaseholders—between people who own a property and therefore suffer from things that have been beyond their control, and landlords that are businesses and therefore have multiple assets—will always be a difficult job.
At the edge, where the boundary between qualifying and non-qualifying becomes blurred, there are some difficult cases.
As a new Government, we are committed to working with people to understand better how we can go forward on that.
As for the substantive point on where the liability should lie, it is about finding the right balance between those who built the building and those who live in it.[Official Report,  4 December 2024 ; Vol. 758, 3WC.]
Correction Will the Minister commit to working with local authorities to use new powers to run high street rental auctions, so that we can end the affront of empty shops this Christmas?
Yes.
High street rental auctions, which were launched at the weekend, are a brilliant way—[Interruption.]
Indeed; they were part of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023, which I am sad to say the previous Government did not commence—as part of the war on woke, I believe.
Nevertheless, we have commenced those auctions.
They are a tool in the hands of local communities; if there are vacant properties, let us get them brought back into use.
I represent Tunbridge Wells, and just over the boundary in Wealden district, a large housing development is proposed.
Wealden will get the houses, but the infrastructure burden will fall particularly on my constituents who live in Tunbridge Wells.
Will the Secretary of State update me on the reforms to the NPPF?
What is being done about this problem of cross-boundary infrastructure?
In the NPPF, we set out the clear direction of travel towards the universal coverage of strategic planning across the whole of England.
We had an Adjournment debate on that just last week.
We are determined to put in place the mechanisms that will allow effective cross-boundary co-operation to ensure that the right infrastructure and housing growth takes place.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the impact of the Government’s Chagos negotiations on the UK-US defence relationship.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on securing this urgent question.
The Secretary of State has asked me to respond on behalf of the Department.
On  3 October , the UK and Mauritius reached an historic agreement to secure the important UK-US military base on Diego Garcia, which plays a crucial role in regional and international security.
The agreement secures the effective operation of the joint facility on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
The agreement is strongly supported by our closest friends and allies, including the United States.
It has been supported by all relevant US Departments and agencies, following a rigorous scrutiny process.
This base is a key part of UK-US defence relationships, as it enables the United Kingdom and the United States to support operations that demonstrate our shared commitments to regional stability, provide a rapid response to crises and counter some of the most challenging security threats we face.
The President of the United States applauded the agreement.
To quote him directly: “It is a clear demonstration that through diplomacy and partnership, countries can overcome long-standing historical challenges to reach peaceful and mutually beneficial outcomes.”
Several other countries and organisations, including India, the African Union, the UN Secretary-General and others, have welcomed and applauded this historic political agreement.
Our primary goal throughout these negotiations, which started over two years ago under the previous Government, was to protect the joint UK-US military base on Diego Garcia.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty to robust security arrangements, including arrangements preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands, so that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
The operation of the base will continue unchanged, with strong protections from malign influence.
For the first time in 50 years, the base will be undisputed and legally secure.
Continued uncertainty would be a gift to our adversaries.
That is why the agreement has been welcomed by all parts of the US system, and other critical regional security partners.
Agreeing the deal now, on our terms, meant that we were able to secure strong protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done.
We look forward to engaging with the upcoming US Administration on this and many other aspects of the UK-US special relationship.
Finally, hon.
Members can be reassured that the long-term protection of the base on Diego Garcia has been the shared UK and US priority throughout, and this agreement secures its future.
We would not have signed off on an agreement that compromised any of our security interests, or those of the US and our allies and partners.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
At a time when we face the most challenging military threats for years, surely our top priority should be to preserve the strongest possible US-UK relations, given that this is so vital to our national security, yet it appears that the Government are seeking to agree a deal surrendering the sovereignty of the Chagos islands before President Trump is formally in post.
We know that the new US Administration are concerned about the Government’s deal because presumptive nominee US Secretary of State Marco Rubio has said that the deal “poses a serious threat to our national security interests”.
He has also suggested that “it would provide an opportunity for communist China to gain valuable intelligence on our naval support facility”.
Let us be clear: our military base on Diego Garcia is a vital strategic asset for the UK in the Indian ocean, and it is critical to our presence and posture in the Indo-Pacific region.
In particular, it is an especially important base for the United States, and we believe that anything that damages its defence posture, particularly in relation to China, also undermines our national security.
We understand that the new Mauritius Government have now launched a review of the deal.
Will the Minister therefore confirm that the Government’s policy really is to try to rush through their Chagos deal before President Trump’s inauguration?
Does he not see how that would be hugely disrespectful to the new Administration and President Trump’s democratic mandate?
Given that we now know it is common for the MOD to state the cost of overseas bases, will he be transparent and finally tell the House how much we will have to pay to rent back the vital military base that we currently own?
Finally, although we would prefer the Government to cancel the whole deal, at the very least will the Minister pause any further ratification until the new US Administration are in place and the Mauritius Government have concluded their review?