We can see that after just five months, the Government’s target of 1.5 million new homes lies in tatters.
The National Housing Federation says that the Government will miss their target by 475,000 without more grant—last week the Housing Minister said the same—and now Labour-run South Tyneside council says that the plans are “wholly unrealistic”, with other Labour councils agreeing.
Is it not time for the Government to admit defeat, come back with a  deliverable plan and provide the sector with the certainty that it needs to deliver more social homes across the country?
The hon.
Member has forgotten that his Government failed to meet their housing targets every single time.
The Government are committed to building 1.5 million homes over this Parliament.
Under the Tories, house building plummeted as they bowed to pressure from their Back Benchers to scrap local housing targets.
We are bringing back mandatory housing targets.
The Chancellor has put more money into the affordable homes programme, and we will build those homes.
The hon.
Member does not know my history and how I work.
What recent progress her Department has made on planning reform.
What changes her Department is making to the national planning policy framework.
What recent progress her Department has made on planning reform.
What changes her Department is making to the national planning policy framework.
As hon.
Members will be aware, we consulted on proposed changes to the national planning policy framework and other changes to the planning system between  30 July  and  24 September .
My officials and I have been analysing the over 10,000 responses received, with a view to publishing a Government response before the end of the year.
We also intend to bring forward the planning and infrastructure Bill, announced in the King’s Speech, early next year.
Many young families would love to live in my beautiful constituency of North East Derbyshire, but unfortunately we just do not have the housing for them.
Could the Minister assure me that our planning reforms will enable us to get the right housing in the right places with the right amenities, to complement the beautiful constituency?