I think the hon.
Lady is referring to the pressures placed on residential freeholders as a result of some of the management estate charges that come through that route.
There are provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act to provide residential freeholders with additional protections, and we need to bring those measures into force.
We also then need to look more widely at how we reduce the prevalence of private and mixed-tenure housing estates, which are the fundamental root of the problem.
What steps she is taking to further devolve powers to local communities.
The English devolution White Paper, due by the end of the year, sets out how we will transfer power from Westminster to people who know their areas best.
The White Paper will also announce measures that will give local places and communities greater control over shaping their area.
Libraries, pubs, football, community centres—these are the things that make up a community, but in so many places they have vanished over the last 14 years.
I am delighted to hear plans of a community right to buy.
What work are the Government doing to ensure that local authorities and community groups have the guidance and expertise needed to utilise this powerful new right once it is realised?
In there is the point about devolution and localism: structures matter and the framework matters, but in the end it is about getting the power out to the communities who have skin in the game.
That is why we want to ensure that the community right to buy provides an effective means for communities across the country to take ownership of assets that are important to them.
We are considering what further support and guidance we will provide to communities and local authorities to support them in this measure, and I know that the Minister for local growth, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , is fully engaged in this endeavour.
Many of my constituents would welcome further powers being devolved to their local communities.
They are as keen as mustard to see the right homes in the right places, particularly social housing, but one of the things stopping social housing being delivered is the viability calculations that are undertaken by developers, who use them to say that only expensive houses can be built.
Are the Government looking at reviewing the use of viability calculations?
That is some way from community ownership, but the devolution White Paper is one of a number of measures that we are taking and it will have a clear community strand.
This does not sit in isolation, however; it is part of the wider reforms that are taking place to ensure that communities, local authorities and Government work in partnership.
What steps her Department is taking to support community ownership of local assets.
The community ownership fund has empowered community groups across the UK to take long-term, sustainable ownership of assets that benefit their local community, and I know that colleagues across the House are eagerly awaiting further news on round 4 of the community ownership fund, which will be with them in due course.
Beyond this, through the English Devolution Bill, we will introduce a strong new right to buy for valued community assets, which will help local people to acquire valued community spaces when they come up for sale, keeping them in the hands of the local community.
I recently met the friends of the Flying Saucer pub, a community group in my constituency who are working to bring this asset of community value back into local hands.
Will the Minister assure my constituents that the Government are committed to supporting the retention of community assets such as  this, and will he agree to meet me to discuss the Flying Saucer campaign and the broader challenges that communities face in reclaiming and retaining such assets?
Now then, Mr Speaker, you know there is no greater enthusiast in this place for a local pub than me—[Interruption.]
And indeed for flying saucers.
These are exactly the types of assets of community value we are talking about, and exactly the sorts of assets that will be in the scope of the new community right to buy.
Of course I would be keen to meet my hon.
Friend and the campaigners on that issue.
East Devon District Council has declared Seaton hospital an asset of community value and is awaiting news of round 4 of the community ownership fund to see whether we might get funding from that source.
In the meantime, NHS Property Services might be seeking to remove part of that hospital.
Can the Minister ask his colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to prevent that?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question, although I am sad to hear it.
The asset of community value status really ought to give a degree of protection, but I am happy to talk about that further.
As I have said, round 4 of the community ownership fund will be coming forward very shortly.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of service charges on residents in social housing.
The Government recognise the considerable financial strain that rising service charges are placing on leaseholders, including those whose landlord is a social housing provider.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, variable service charges must, by law, be reasonable.
Their reasonableness can already be challenged at the appropriate tribunal and the housing ombudsman can investigate complaints about the fairness of service charges made by shared owners, as well as tenants of social housing landlords, but the Government are exploring what more can be done to give leaseholders the protection that they need from unaffordable service charge increases.
Many leaseholders in my constituency live in properties where Clarion housing association is the freeholder.
This year’s service charge is on average almost 50% higher than the original estimate and for some on the High Path estate it is over £1,000 more.
Does the Minister agree that leaseholders deserve transparency, not shock bills?
What more can be done to give the housing ombudsman the power to demand compensation payments?