The Minister is making an excellent speech.
I, too, give my wholehearted support to the Bill, on behalf of pubs across Scotland and in my constituency.
It might not have a direct impact there, but we recognise its importance right across the United Kingdom and the important message it sends, so I thank the Minister —and remind him that I am still from Scotland.
I offer my abject and heartfelt apologies for overlooking my hon.
Friend, who is sitting right behind me.
She is Scotland’s only voice in Parliament today, and Scotland is all the better off for her presence here—particularly on this side of the House, where she belongs, and where she is very welcome and held in high regard and great affection.
There are many Bills to get through today, and I do not wish to test the patience of the House or colleagues by speaking for too long.
I fear that the most popular words in any speech I give are the words “and finally,” so—and finally I thank once again the hon.
Member for South Shields, who has piloted the Bill through Commons, and those who have spoken in support of it and served on the Bill Committee.
This straightforward and simple measure will free up valuable parliamentary time, as we heard earlier, and allow the Government to respond in an agile way in what I hope is the likely event that teams from the home nations make progress in various international sporting events, meriting an extension to the licensing hours of this nation’s fine pubs.
I commend the Bill to the House.
As I said on Second Reading, I get my love of the pub from my dad, who knows a good pint when he sees one, and from my mam, whose footsteps I followed in as an excellent barmaid.
People who work in this industry deserve our support, and our communities deserve every opportunity they can get to come together for important events.
I give special thanks to  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , who has long championed our capital’s pubs and nightlife, and to  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , who served on the Bill Committee.
I also wish that my locals would all toast me, but as she was here on Second Reading, when I listed all the cracking local pubs in South Shields, she will know that that would result in a very sore head the next day.
I have many more people to thank: the Minister,  the hon.
Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , Home Office officials, the Public Bill Office, in particular Anne-Marie Griffiths, and my invaluable senior researcher, Rebecca Natton.
I also thank the British Beer and Pub Association, the Night Time Industries Association, along with its chair and hospitality champion Sacha Lord, and on the Front Bench my hon.
Friend  the Member for Enfield North (Feryal Clark) .
Finally, I wish to say a big “cheers” to the Government for supporting my Bill, and in commending it to the House, I say to the Minister, as I said to his colleague the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Laura Farris), that I definitely owe him, and a lot more people, a drink.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time, and passed.
Cheers to you, Emma Lewell-Buck.
Consideration of Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee I beg to move amendment 1, page 1, line 22, leave out from “force” to end of line 23 and insert— “at the end of the period of four months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.”
This amendment would bring the provisions of the Bill which extend to England and Wales and Scotland, and section 1(5) which extends to England and Wales and Scotland and Northern Ireland, into force four months after Royal Assent.
With this, it will be convenient to discuss the following: Amendment 4, page 2, line 1, leave out from “force” to end of line 2 and insert— “at the end of the period of four months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.”
This amendment would bring the provisions of the Bill which extend only to Northern Ireland into force four months after Royal assent.
Amendment 2, page 2, line 5, leave out subsection (7)
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 1.
Amendment 5, page 2, line 7, leave out subsection (8).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 4.
Amendment 3, page 2, line 10, leave out subsection (9).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 1.
Amendment 6, page 2, line 12, leave out subsection (10).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 4.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  and to the Government and the Department for Work and Pensions.
I have tabled these amendments because, as has been seen with other Bills to which we have given Third Reading, they concern the timing of when an Act comes into effect.
I am conscious that there are a number of situations where more work needs to be done to get some of the details and guidance, and other elements like that.
Regrettably, for a variety of pieces of legislation, waiting for the Secretary of State to create regulations has somewhat delayed the introduction after Royal Assent of the effect of the Act that so many people have worked hard to achieve.
I am not in any way trying to detract from the regulator or from the Department for Work and Pensions, of which I was proud to be the Secretary of State, but I am particularly conscious about the uncertainty of the timing of a general election.
Of course there are still procedures that can be done to some extent, but those who have held ministerial office will know some of the challenges that take place in terms of process, procedure, and different Cabinet committees.
Put simply—this is why I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and to the Government for listening to my concerns—the amendments would remove extra steps of process.
That matters because I am keen to see the Bill enacted.
I am not seeking in  any way to hold it up.
I want certainty about making it happen, and I was concerned about the uncertainty of timing.
I was careful to check that the amendments would not affect the legislative consent motion that has already passed the Northern Ireland Assembly.
If there is any way that they do, I have not been made aware of that—I have been given the opposite assurance.
I am keen to ensure that the United Kingdom moves together.
We have two formally separate systems.
These are transferred powers—they have always been powers for the Northern Ireland Executive and Assembly to deal with—but I know that the Executive and the Assembly have been keen, particularly in social security matters, for the United Kingdom to proceed in step so that we do not give different treatment to the same things, especially when we all pay the same tax and we all tend to have the same service providers.
After careful consideration, I wanted to ensure that the Bill becomes law in a timely fashion, without the need for further process, and that is why I will be pressing my amendments.