Even with my Bill, the Government fully intend to continue to plan ahead so that, wherever possible, licensing hours extension orders can be brought forward with sufficient time for public consultation and notice, as they have been for the upcoming Euros licensing order next week.
This Bill has received such support because it is straightforward and sensible.
I am sure that we all  look forward to joining our constituents down one of our brilliant locals in celebrating the next national, sporting or royal event.
I commend the Bill to the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  on the success of her private Member’s Bill, and I am delighted to join colleagues from across the House in speaking in favour of its provisions.
The United Kingdom is a nation that likes to support our national teams and our chosen football teams.
For any sporting or ceremonial event, whether the Olympics, the Paralympics, the football World cup, the Euros, the Ashes, coronations or royal weddings—I could go on —when our teams, our sportspeople and our royalty are doing well, we want to support them.
And where better to support them and celebrate than in our local pub or sports or social club?
These are venues where we want to share our joys and woes, often with like-minded people.
That is why this Bill to provide a blanket extension of licensing hours makes sense—to allow people to gather to mark an occasion of exceptional international, national or local significance.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about moments of celebration in pubs.
She represents the Cities of London and Westminster, and I expect that she has the most pubs in any single constituency.
While it may be unfair for her to single out just one, I wonder whether there is a particular sporting occasion, or other occasion of joy, where she has—certainly—enjoyed that in a pub locally.
There have actually been far too many to be able to name them.
As my right hon.
Friend says, there are so many amazing venues in my constituency.
I think that, at my last count, we had 13,000 licensed premises in Westminster alone, and as a former licensing chair of Westminster Council, the largest licensing authority in the country, I can say with some authority that we have amazing licensed premises here.
As the hon.
Member for South Shields says, the alternative to this Bill is to go with temporary event notices, which are used for individual businesses looking to extend their hours.
I know, from my experience as a licensing chair, that those are a bureaucratic nightmare for licensing authorities—especially for a city centre such as Westminster, central Manchester, Birmingham or wherever—and the £21 charge never matches the cost of the administration of those temporary event notices.
This Bill will do away with that time-consuming bureaucracy.
In practice, the blanket extension orders go unopposed, and the public are often in favour of proposed licensing hours extensions.
Some 85% of respondents to the consultation were in favour of an extension for this year’s Euros, and 77% were in favour of one during the King’s coronation.
Another important point to make is that there is a massive, vital economic benefit from this Bill.
Pubs and late-night venues in my constituency employ more than 22,000 people and turn over £1 billion each year; it is the No. 1 constituency for turnover, and economic value, from the hospitality industry in the UK.
That is  just in central London, but pubs and other venues play a vital role in the local economy of every part of the United Kingdom.
The Bill will support them.
We know the hospitality industry has had a tough time over the past five years.
While I welcome making the process to extend opening hours easier, it is important to remember that such extensions will see an increase in the consumption of alcohol.
Sadly, often, that will result in an increase in antisocial behaviour and disturbances for residents.
The extension order for the 2020 Euros final allowed for an extra 45 minutes of serving time.
However, for the 2024 Euros, the Government consultation proposed extending licensing hours by two hours, meaning many pubs will close at 1 am.
I am sure everyone in the House agrees that we do not want to see a repeat of what happened during the 2020 Euros, when Trafalgar Square, in my constituency, was the scene of some very unruly behaviour, including excess drinking and revellers climbing on buildings and buses.
It was an absolute nightmare.
I am aware of residents’ concerns about the current licensing application for the fanzone for this year’s Champions League final, which will allow up to 20,000 people to gather in Trafalgar Square and a further 30,000 in Victoria Embankment Gardens.