It is a pleasure to stand in support of the Bill on Third Reading.
I commend and congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , who has navigated this important Bill, which, though small, will have a significant impact on the wellness and joy of people throughout England and Wales.
She came into the House in a by-election in 2013 and has always made a positive impact.
She has, of course, been diligent in her constituency work, but I hope she will be toasted in every pub the next time a licence is used in the way introduced by this change in law.
The Licensing Act 2003 was important legislation.
The reason for that, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  set out, is that while we want hospitality to thrive in many ways, for people living very near a pub or other venues, those venues can have a big impact on their lives.
That is why the processes that are gone through are important.
I do not know the rationale for deciding, more than 20 years ago, that it was important to make this particular legislation via the affirmative resolution procedure, but it is sensible and pragmatic streamlining to switch to the negative resolution procedure.
This simple legislative change will not make bureaucracy a thing of the past; it is important that the appropriate procedures go through.
However, we often think about how Parliament needs to be in touch with the challenges that people have.
It may not be the greatest challenge in the world that a pub cannot open longer for a particular event, but when we try to explain to people that the reason such a change cannot be made is that Parliament is not sitting because it is having a summer break, there  is an element of, “Let’s look at that again.”
That is why the hon.
Member for South Shields was wise to pick up and work with the Government on this modest change.
On the negative resolution procedure more broadly, within Parliament, and in particular the other House, I would say there has been an anti-negative resolutions revolution in the passing of secondary legislation.
About 80% of our regulations are made through the negative route.
There will be a variety of reasons as to why it is unpopular for certain aspects, partly because, if people object to those statutory instruments, although there is quite a systematic process, it is not always easy to get a particular vote on it, particularly in this House.
One thing it has done is to clog up a lot of parliamentary activity, with more and more time being spent on modest pieces of legislation that really do not need further consideration, apart from the wisdom of discussions or debates that could be had outside of what is quite a formal parliamentary process.
That is why I think this matters.
I appreciate that my hon.
Friend the Member for Cities of London and Westminster might not want to single one pub out in her constituency.
For what it is worth, I live in her constituency when I am carrying out my parliamentary duties, and I go to the White Swan on Vauxhall Bridge Road to watch sport.
I think it is really good.
It has a fantastic TikTok account.
Don’t worry, I am not expecting a free Guinness—I would not abuse my position in that way.
I had hoped to be having moments of joy this Sunday, with Liverpool winning the Premier League.
Sadly, that is not going to be the case, and I expect we will end up third, but I am going to a Liverpool fans’ pub in London in the afternoon with some friends.
It is that sense of community and of coming together that really matters.
Covid has had so many impacts on our country: not just the huge amount of investment that was put in, which we are now paying for across the UK, but what it did to community and the anxious generation we now have of people who interact solely on something like this phone—I am using it to look at the legislation today.
For me, what is critical is not just drowning our sorrows by going to a pub, but that sense of occasion.
I remember the joy of some of the sporting events I have been lucky enough to go to in person.
That sort of joy can be replicated, and it need not necessarily be in a pub; it can be in a community hall or at other sorts of temporary events.
However, it is vital, not only for economic reasons, but for genuine societal reasons, that we make it as straightforward as possible for Parliament to allow these things to happen.
While we still have a moderate amount of regulation in recognising what licensing conditions may apply and what concerns local residents or businesses may have, I come back to my original point: this simple change, meaning that it does not matter whether Parliament is sitting, is the key element of this legislation.
I am going to be shameless and name a few more pubs in my constituency.
I forgot to do so in discussing previous bits of legislation.
I even served on the hon.
Member for South Shields’ Bill Committee and did not do it.
I cannot name them all, but I have been to every single pub in my constituency; that is the reason I won the beer parliamentarian of the year award over a  decade ago, and still have the mug to prove it—though I can assure you, Mr Deputy Speaker, there is no beer in the Chamber today.
But who knows?
We might crack on over in the Strangers Bar if it is open later, to toast the hon.
Lady’s success in getting the Bill through this House.
We undoubtedly have a lot of events in Europe coming up, but it is important to recognise our international community here in this country and people’s desire not only to watch sports here, of course, but to watch sporting events with their home teams in different parts of the world.
I had better not get into too much trouble by naming loads of pubs, but—
My right hon.
Friend is making a very excellent speech.
She asked me for my favourite watering hole in my constituency.
I think it is only fair, surely, that she names one pub that she went to.
Of course there is the Felixstowe Conservative Club, which is very good in that regard, but I must admit that when I go to watch sports, I have been to the Douglas Bader in Martlesham Heath and I love going to the Anchor in Woodbridge.
My first home was in a village called Westleton, where I used to go to the White Horse Inn a lot.
There are just so many.
Not all of them show football, and I must do better in ensuring that I get down to many more pubs in Felixstowe, where that does seem to happen.
However, I will continue to champion and go around pubs, and I now have a great excuse, with the hon.
Member for South Shields’ Bill, to explain why Parliament is going to make life for our hospitality sector a lot easier.
We have a great brewery and pub chain called Adnams in Southwold in my constituency.
Adnams still owns a lot of pubs, some managed, some tenanted, and I hope it will take full advantage of this great opportunity.
So without further ado, I am really pleased to be here on a Friday to support this legislation, I am sure the Lords will toast it as well, and I look forward to sharing a glass or two in the Strangers Bar later today.
I am afraid the Strangers Bar is closed.
I am sorry to bring such bad news, but I think the House of Lords bar may be open—you never know.
I am a former president of the all-party parliamentary group on beer, so I do not think we could have a more appropriate Chair for this particular debate.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  for introducing this important Bill and for all her commendable work on it so far.
I am sure that pubs up and down the country will be grateful for her work on the Bill if it passes.
I also pay tribute to all Members who have contributed today and at other stages, particularly  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , as well as  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , whose constituency has some of the best pubs in London, of which she should be proud.
Anyone here on a Friday should take a stroll through the City of London, because it is beautiful and there are some incredible gems in its tiny streets.
Tourists often just wander around looking for something, and they will most likely come across those wonderful pubs.
I absolutely recognise the issues that the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster highlighted about the potential impact on residents of the measures.
In inner-London boroughs, as she said, pubs are often close to residential areas.
However, as she will know, having spent time on licensing committees, local authorities and police spend a lot of time on ensuring that licences come with conditions in order to prevent such issues.
I will acknowledge some of the wonderful pubs in my Enfield North constituency, but before I do, let me say that it has been a pleasure to see the Bill pass through this House with cross-party support.
As we have heard, the Bill amends section 197 of the Licensing Act 2003, granting our hospitality sector more freedom to extend licensing hours with shorter notice, and giving the Government of the day the ability to respond to the needs of the industry.
That would allow our communities to celebrate events of national significance in hospitality venues for longer, providing a welcome boost to businesses and fans.
As we have heard, when our Lionesses progressed in Australia and New Zealand to reach England’s first World cup final since 1966, there was a missed opportunity at home, where progress stalled.
Pubs, bars and restaurants could open from 10 am on the day of the final, but could not serve customers until 11.
Licensing hours were not extended, despite requests, because Parliament was in recess, so it was too late.
Businesses missed the opportunity to serve customers early, and supporters were denied the chance to get behind their team.
With England and Scotland set for the European championships, another busy summer of sport will provide a welcome boost to our hospitality sector, which has suffered so much over the past few years.
If football is to come home again this summer, we must ensure that our hospitality sector is ready to embrace it.
I know that the Bill will not solve all the problems facing the industry, but it will provide the sector with the welcome boost that it is asking for.
From speaking to those at the many pubs in my Enfield North constituency, including the Plough, the Wonder and the Cricketers—where I go every Sunday with my children —I know that they support the proposals in the Bill.
Let us be clear: our hospitality sector brings a huge boost to the UK economy.
In 2022 alone, it generated £54 billion in tax receipts and £7 billion-worth of business investment.
Clearly, what benefits our pubs benefits local communities, but the impact goes much further: a staggering 42% of tourists want to visit a pub when visiting the UK.
They are a vital part of our communities, high streets and households.
I know that many Members present today will share that view, yet we are currently denying pubs, bars and restaurants the full opportunity to benefit.
It is clearly an opportunity, so for the reasons set out today, the Bill should progress.
The negative resolution procedure would allow an order to be debated if successfully requested by any parliamentarian, and the option of consultation would be retained, meaning that concerns will be considered, so relative safeguards are in place.
It is common sense that the Bill should proceed, and I am delighted to support it and my colleague, my hon.
Friend the Member for South Shields, today.
I start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill, and for the charm and expertise with which she has piloted it through the House.
This is probably the shortest Bill I have ever been involved with as a Minister; I think the longest one was the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, which ran to about 220 clauses and several hundred pages.
This Bill is a model of pith and conciseness —if only every Bill were as simple.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on marshalling both sides of the House behind her Bill, and I thank the Members who have spoken today.
I thank the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Enfield North (Feryal Clark) , for her support; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  for talking about the pubs in her constituency, here in the heart of London, and for bringing to bear her expertise as a former chair of licensing at Westminster City Council; and, of course, my right hon.
Friend the incomparable Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey), who brought to bear her very extensive experience in this area that she has diligently amassed over many years, across the length and breadth of the kingdom.
There are few colleagues with greater or deeper expertise than my right hon.
Friend when it comes to visiting pubs, which I intend as a profound compliment.
As we have heard, this Bill amends section 172 of the Licensing Act, which already makes provision for the Secretary of State to make orders relaxing licensing hours in England and Wales on occasions of exceptional international, national, or even local significance.
Under that definition —international, national and local significance—tomorrow is the play-off final at Wembley between Oxford United and Bolton Wanderers.
Would that qualify under the changes in the Bill, and since the play-off is tomorrow, can the Minister make sure that all parts of the Bill have completed their passage by that time?
My hon.
Friend will have noticed that the second and final clause of the Bill states that the Act will come into force on the day on which it is passed, but of course it has to complete its passage through the other place first, so unfortunately, I do not think that play-off final will benefit from these provisions.
Whether a play-off final between such auspicious teams as Bolton Wanderers and Oxford United would qualify as an event under this Bill would be for the Home Secretary of the day to determine.
In all seriousness, although the parliamentary mechanism is being changed from the affirmative resolution procedure to the negative resolution procedure, the underlying criteria are not changing; I do not think we would want to usher in a wholesale change of licensing hours through this mechanism.
The threshold is quite high and it is used fairly rarely, so I would like to temper expectations.
We do not expect the provisions to be used indiscriminately, although that in no way detracts from the importance of the game taking place at Wembley—obviously I wish both teams the best of luck.
These orders will benefit businesses, as we have heard, allowing them to stay open for longer when important events are taking place.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Cities of London and Westminster said, it is much easier to use blanket licensing extensions than to require pubs to go through the onerous, expensive and tedious process of applying for a temporary event notice from their local authority.
This approach is much better.
To give a flavour of the kind of events that might qualify for these provisions, they might include things such as His Majesty the King’s coronation last year, Her late Majesty the Queen’s 90th birthday and her platinum jubilee, the royal weddings in 2018 and 2011, and the Euros final in 2020.
If anyone is wondering whether the Bill will apply to future England appearances in finals, let me say that, while that might be more in hope than expectation, we should none the less legislate in hope.
We have already heard Members set out the reasons why we should make this change, which has commanded widespread support.
We have heard that such games can often arise at relatively short notice—for example, England reaching the final, which has been referred to.
When Parliament is not sitting, it is obviously not possible to use the affirmative resolution procedure, although let me be clear: even with the negative resolution procedure, scrutiny is possible.
Where necessary, it is possible to pray against resolutions made under the negative procedure, so if a Member feels strongly, they can obviously pray against the instrument in the normal way.
As Minister for crime and policing, I am obviously aware of how important it is to consult the police regularly and make sure that they are happy that, where we extend licensing hours, that will not cause any undue problems with public order.
It is important that the Home Secretary of the day consults the police appropriately to make sure that risk is considered, but I am sure that will not stop the power being used when appropriate.
As I have said, the power in section 172 of the Licensing Act 2003 has been used relatively sparingly, and that approach is not going to change.
The test is an event of exceptional significance, which imposes quite a high bar.
To make just one final point, for the avoidance of doubt, this instrument applies only in England and Wales, because it amends the Licensing Act 2003, which applies only to England and Wales.
Licensing is devolved in Scotland and Northern Ireland, which I assume explains why there are no Members from either Scotland or Northern Ireland joining us this morning to hear about all the pubs in the constituencies of the various Members who have spoken—in which context, I should commend the pubs in Croydon South, such as The Fox in Coulsdon and the Wattenden Arms up by Kenley airfield.
[Interruption.]
Of course, there is a Member from Scotland sitting right behind me, who I did not notice.