I also thank the Minister and the Government for discussing these issues and coming to an agreement to accept the amendments.
I am certainly very happy to accept them.
There is no need for me to drag proceedings out any further at this point.
I thank all concerned for their work.
I rise just to seek some reassurance on the amendments.
I am not at all against them in principle—when I read them on the amendment paper, I could understand what  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  was attempting to do and exactly why—but it strikes me that they rather run roughshod over established procedures, particularly with respect to the devolved Administrations, by giving quite a strict timetable.
I wonder whether the Minister could reassure the House.
Although it is not the case here, the changes made by Bills can often be quite complex and have to be made appropriately, and putting a very hard stop in a Bill, regardless of context, sets rather a difficult precedent.
Although I do not object to what the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal is trying to do, I was slightly surprised by the bulldozer approach that the amendments create.
In this circumstance it is manageable, but it might not be quite so manageable in other, more complex circumstances.
I suppose I seek some reassurance from the Minister about the precedent that the amendments will set.
How wide will it go?
Are we going to start including in Bills a precise timetable for when they will be put into effect, with a hard stop, regardless of their complexity?
I understand that  the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  wants his Bill—we all want this to be done quickly—but there are some precedents being created here that would be slightly worrying if they were to extend more widely.
I wonder whether the Minister might give us some thoughts and insights in that respect.
I want to make it clear that the Opposition do not object to the Bill at all, but I am quite surprised by the innovative way in which the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal has sought to pursue her desire to get this thing done quickly.