This week is Dementia Action Week, bringing the UK together to take action on dementia and promoting an understanding of its impact.
The Alzheimer’s Society and many groups and charities do so much on this important issue.
I extend my thanks to them from the Dispatch Box.
By extending the definition of terminal illness from six to 12 months’ life expectancy for payments under both the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, the Bill completes the journey.
The Bill will mean that members are able to rightly claim compensation on the ground of terminal illness, if a medical professional confirms that they have less than 12 months to live, rather than the current six months.
Hon.
Members have spoken about the terrible time that people will be going through and the financial impact.
There is often more financial assistance than perhaps people know, if they are not used to being part of the benefits arena.
I urge people to look at the benefits calculator at gov.uk and to work with Citizens Advice, which runs our help to claim service, so that costs can be met and understood at a difficult time.
To assure the hon.
Member for Wallasey, in my role as Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, I met with the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Swindon (Justin Tomlinson) , this week to discuss costs and other matters concerning the national disability strategy and the disability action plan.
As the hon.
Lady said, the issue is at the forefront of my mind and we are aligned on those concerns.
Decisions on terminal illness will be made by healthcare professionals, such as clinicians and medical practitioners.
We thank them for that great work at such a difficult time, as pointed out by my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury.
As we heard during Committee stage, the definition will include advanced cancer, dementia, motor neurone disease and other neurological diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease.
The changes restore the original policy intent of alignment between the social security special rules, and the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme terminal illness rules.
Just as importantly, they bring both schemes in line with the tax definition of serious ill health, which currently allows private pension schemes to make payments when the member has less than 12 months to live.
I will briefly reiterate what I said in the earlier debate on the amendments and repeat what the Minister for Pensions said in Committee: it was never our intention to delay the commencement of these provisions.
There is no practical reason for us to do so.
However, as discussed today, putting a commencement date on the face of the Bill will provide certainty around the change at a time when people value certainty, and we will ensure that the provisions can commence four months after Royal Assent, as signalled.
I do not want to detain the House any further.
We know that being told you are nearing the end of your life can be a frightening experience not only for the  individual concerned, but for their family and their loved ones.
This Bill, although seemingly small, will have a really positive impact on those whom the provisions cover, at a very difficult time.
As with the 2022 Act, the Bill will ensure that when someone reaches the final stages of life, they will not have those additional financial concerns.
Receiving a payment at an earlier stage in their final illness will help those people to plan more effectively, providing them with the opportunity to focus on their time with the people who matter to them.
This debate gives me the opportunity to thank the St Peter & St James Hospice, the Hospice in the Weald, St Catherine’s Hospice in Pease Pottage, those local hospices that I am sure we all have, and those charities mentioned in this debate, who bring real comfort and support in all our constituencies at such difficult times.
This Bill will help people to live well to the end, with their loved ones and with that comfort.
I greatly thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury for bringing the Bill forward.
We all wish it safe and speedy passage through the other place, so that it can reach the statute book and support those who need it, our loved ones and people in our communities, with no undue delay.
With the leave of the House, I call Laurence Robertson.
I am pleased to draw this debate to a close by thanking the Minister and the Opposition for their support, and in particular with regard to setting the date for the commencement of legislation.
In that context, I also thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  for her amendments.
I thank all hon.
Members who have spoken in this debate and particularly those who served in the Committee stage.
I also extend my thanks to those at the Department for Work and Pensions and the Bill management team, who have been so very helpful, and to the staff at Marie Curie, who were mentioned earlier and who campaigned so strongly on this issue.
Hon.
Members will know we cannot function in this place without the help of our staff, so I particularly thank my staff, Benjamin Jones and Harry Wallis, for the work they have put in.
I hope by working together on this piece of legislation that we will have made a difference.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It has been a long journey to get this Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill to this point.
I am grateful for the cross-party and public efforts and acknowledge the international interest in it.
At the outset, I particularly express my thanks to the Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton, for his personal and vocal support for the Bill, including in the other place.
It is pertinent that this is a private Member’s Bill because, while it implements recommendation 6 of the Truro review and is therefore implementing a manifesto commitment, its origins are on the Back Benches of the Commons and the Lords.
In 2013, the inaugural report of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief recognised the challenge for attention and concern for the right to freedom of religion or belief—as in article 18 of the universal declaration of human rights—and described it as “an orphaned right”.
This Bill will ensure that the office of the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief is secured as a permanent fixture in statute, and will embed the progress that the UK has made in promoting the fundamental and universal human right to freedom of religion or belief around the world.
Since the all-party parliamentary group first produced that report, it has grown in number to more than 180 parliamentarians.
I believe it is the largest all-party group in this place.
That reflects the increase in awareness and support for the right of freedom of religion or belief here in the UK, and I am very proud of that.
Having worked internationally in this role as the Prime Minister’s special envoy for some three and a half years, I know that the parliamentary work on freedom of religion or belief stands out as a beacon across the world.
It was with great delight that I heard one of my parliamentary colleagues from the Opposition Benches say, “In this work, there isn’t a piece of paper between us here in this House in what we believe in.”
However, the increase in awareness here for this work sadly reflects the reality that, across the world, the rights of religious minorities are under severe attack.
Freedom of religion or belief has never been more important a cause to champion, for the simple reason that there have never been more people at risk—not just millions but hundreds of millions discriminated against and denied life’s chances, simply on account of what they believe.
Some may point out that having a special envoy in statute would be unprecedented, but if the objection to any change was simply that it was unprecedented, we would never make any progress.
Indeed, that is why we are here in this place—to make legislative change.
What is unprecedented is that people have never been more heinously and despicably denied their wish to live out their beliefs.
They have never experienced, in the numbers  they do today, more abuse, emotional or material hardship, incarceration, or even death, simply on account of what they believe.
I hope to give some examples of that a little later in my speech.
In the time that I have been the UK’s Prime Minister’s special envoy—from late 2020—we have seen such an increase in instances of concern.
There has not just been an increase in the number of authoritarian regimes; we have also seen new challenges to freedom of religion or belief through ever increasingly sophisticated technology used to oppress people, and the darkly sinister expansion of transnational repression.
Let me mention a few examples from countries around the world.
We have seen, for example, the military coup in Myanmar exacerbating the persecution of religious minorities, not least the Rohingya Muslims.
We have seen the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan, with every religious group there, other than those willing to succumb to the Taliban’s ways, now oppressed and living in fear.
In Russia, Jehovah’s Witnesses, including the elderly, are now being imprisoned as criminals simply for being pacifists and being unwilling to serve in the army, and Putin is weaponising Orthodox Christianity in the war against Ukraine, with places of worship deliberately destroyed and reports of pastors disappearing.
We have seen daily disturbances in Iran, for which some have paid with their lives.
At the core of those is the cry for every Iranian to be free to live in accordance with their individual beliefs.
In Nigeria, thousands of Christians and some moderate Muslims are being massacred by Islamic extremists every year.
Just on Tuesday this week, we commemorated the 21st birthday of Leah Sharibu, who was abducted by Boko Haram seven years ago and not released—as were other Chibok schoolgirls —because she refused to renounce her Christian faith.
In Nicaragua, the Catholic Church is being particularly targeted.
Many people have been expelled, including those running religious schools or medical centres.
Even Mother Teresa’s nuns, who have been working there for over 30 years, were required with no notice at all to leave the country.
We are all aware of the situation in China, where over 1 million Uyghurs and, reportedly, increasingly more are egregiously incarcerated in 20th-century concentration camps.
Many have disappeared forever, and many are reported as having died.
The allegations of forced organ harvesting against Falun Gong practitioners would simply defy belief had those allegations not been persistently made by so many.
In Tibet, according to recent UN reports, up to 1 million children as young as two are being sent away to boarding schools, alienated from their families, cultures and beliefs.
The world should not stand silent about such things.
Before my hon.
Friend moves on, I would like to thank her specifically for her work as envoy.
As she has just shown, she has used her voice endlessly to shine a light on some of the darkest corners of the world.
I know that she will want me to mention Sudan, where we have seen systemic ethnic cleansing of non-Arabs, perhaps more on the grounds of race than religion, and that she will also want me to mention the fact that religious leaders can be a force for good in trying to stop violence.
In particular, in South Sudan, we saw the Pope, the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Moderator of the Church of Scotland work  together to call for an end to violence.
I would like to say a massive thank you to my hon.
Friend for her work as envoy, which shows why this role is so important.