The role I have gives the UK an additional privilege: that of holding out the importance of freedom of religion or belief across the world.
However, the men, women and children around the world who suffer—whether under the hard arm of authoritarian regimes or at the ruthless whim of militant mobs—need not just our voices, but our partnership.
They need not just our words, but our actions; not just our intentions, but our effective help.
That is why the role of envoy, the office that I have the privilege of holding at present, needs securing and resourcing over the long term, beyond the term of any particular Government or party in power.
Of course, this Bill intends to do just that.
As I say, the Bill fulfils the Government’s manifesto commitment to act on their words and fully implement the Truro review, which included a recommendation to make the special envoy role permanent, with the requisite authority and resources.
There is only one other country in the world with a similar office.
The US has had a permanent office promoting and protecting freedom of religion or belief for over 25 years.
The stability of that office over time has ensured a build-up of resources, expertise and research capabilities that enable it to make a significant contribution towards combating FORB abuses across the world.
The UK may be smaller, but if we had such an office, and secured and resourced it as a continuation of the office that I have the privilege of holding at present, it would enable us to speak across the world with a powerful voice for good.
We have seen the good influence that the current Foreign Secretary is having as he speaks out across the world.
Having represented three Prime Ministers now, I have been so encouraged by the respect in which the UK is held as we speak out internationally.
We sometimes underplay that here, to our detriment.
It was noted in Committee that although, of course, the Prime Minister will personally appoint their special envoy, the legislative description in the Bill is of a “Minister of the Crown.”
The title of “Prime Minister’s special envoy” provides the vital authority internationally to advocate of behalf of the UK, as I have just touched on.
Clause 1 reflects the current purposes of the envoy and the requirement to report directly to the Prime Minister.
That direct accountability is so important,  and I have found it so helpful under each of the Prime Ministers I have served.
I thank them all for their active support for my role.
Clause 1(6) provides for the continued office of the special envoy and resources to fulfil the role.
I say to my hon.
Friends, across the House, that we are all on the same side when it comes to advocating for freedom of religion or belief.
In fact, I do not know of a single Member in this House who opposes the Bill.
Why?
Because we recognise that it will provide an opportunity to do good—real good—and to change lives.
We recognise that anyone who opposes the Bill, or seeks to prevent its passage in any way, is in effect opposing the opportunity to do good.
I absolutely support the Bill.
I am not a religious person—I do not follow any religion—but I support the Bill because I believe in freedom, which is so important.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Bill is about not only freedom of religion, but freedom of belief?
At the heart of the Bill is freedom for people to feel what they feel, whatever their religion.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The clue is in the title: the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief.
“Belief” indicates that there are some who do not hold a religious belief but who are equally entitled to our support, advocacy and protection on account of their beliefs, whatever they are.
I will give the House some examples of the good that this office, if secured permanently, could continue to do.
About 18 months ago, my office—the office of the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief—initiated our monthly “religious prisoners of conscience” scheme.
Every month we champion, and call for the release of, a prisoner across the world who is incarcerated—sometimes in inhumane conditions —simply on account of their beliefs.
We have championed a Jehovah’s Witness in Tajikistan, Buddhists in Tibet, Montagnards in Vietnam, a Sufi Muslim in Nigeria, Christians and human rights leaders in Myanmar and Nicaragua, a pastor in Cuba, Baha’is in Iran and others.
This monthly programme was quickly taken up by the International Religious Freedom or Belief Alliance, now made up of 43 countries, which the UK chaired for two years, 2022 to 2023.
That means it is not just the UK calling for the release of these prisoners, but the collective voice of countries around the world.
That advocacy, along with the advocacy of others internationally, has resulted in the release of four of those prisoners, all of whom were facing several years.
They include an elderly prisoner who was extremely ill and needed medical attention, and who I believe would have died had he not been released; he has now had that treatment and is getting better.
Two other prisoners were young girls in their 20s who faced several years in prison simply for having changed their faith; they are now free and starting new lives safe in another country.
Just this week, we heard good news about another of the prisoners of conscience we have championed—this will interest my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) .
We championed the case of Mubarak Bala, a humanist in Nigeria, who was sentenced to some 25 years in prison simply for his  belief; in fact, the deputy special envoy, David Burrowes, went to Nigeria and met Mubarak’s wife last year.
I am pleased to say that this week we heard that his sentence has been reduced to five years.
That is good news, but we are not giving up—we will carry on campaigning for his full release.
That is the good this role can do, and does.
Apart from challenging autocratic regimes, as we do, working in this sphere and standing up for those whose basic human rights have been trampled over simply because of their beliefs can make all the difference in the world to people like those I have just mentioned.
This has enabled the UK to show global leadership.
I am proud to say that the special envoy team for freedom of religion or belief recently won an international award for Government leadership on FORB.
As the Bill hopefully passes its final stage here in the Commons today, I look forward to it going forward to the Lords.
Again, I thank everyone who has been involved in its passage to date.
I rise to speak briefly in support of the Bill introduced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) .
Putting the special envoy for freedom of religion or belief on a statutory footing is an extremely good measure that we should all support.
I want to very briefly talk about the way I have seen my hon.
Friend the Member for Congleton carry out her role in my capacity as chair of the British Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union.
My hon.
Friend regularly attends events that we hold here, where we host parliamentarians from around the world.
She has the ability to connect with those parliamentarians to offer them the support they need.
Very often, those politicians might be subject to persecution in their own country because of their religion, despite being elected politicians.
My hon.
Friend really does provide great support and offers them hope that the work they are doing can have a positive outcome.
My hon.
Friend was also able to demonstrate the UK’s lead in this area at the first Inter-Parliamentary Union parliamentary conference on interfaith dialogue, which was held last year; it is so far the only such conference, but I hope there will be more.
My hon.
Friend was one of the star speakers at that event.
She was able to come in and talk about the work we do here in the UK.
This was an event that brought together faith leaders and politicians from around the world.
There were some authoritarian regimes represented, to try to open up that dialogue and show that freedom of religion and belief is a very valuable matter, and that we as politicians need to communicate more with faith leaders than we probably do.
When I was Minister for modern slavery, it was the faith groups that were able to offer the most support to victims of modern slavery.
Mr Deputy Speaker, you are one of the most amiable and approachable chaps I know, but I suspect that many of your constituents find it easier to speak to their local priest, rabbi or other religious leader than to you, because of the trust that people have in the religious and faith leaders they interact with.
Therefore, it is incredibly important for you to have a dialogue with your faith leaders, as it is for  all of us here, because it is how we find out about what is going on for our constituents and how we can get support to them.
We cannot overstate the importance of faith and its interaction with politics, and how we must all be part of it.