The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 0, Noes 37.
Question accordingly negatived.
Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
This is the first time, but I sincerely hope not the last time, that I have proposed legislation in this House that has not only enjoyed strong cross-party support throughout all stages of its passage, but strong support outside this place.
There has not been a single objection to the Bill from the police, local authorities, the public or, which is to be expected, the hospitality industry.
In fact, the industry has been asking for this small legislative change for some time now, and It has asked for it because it makes sense.
I want to apologise in advance that this speech is a little dull and technical, but it is important that the details of what I am proposing are made clear to the House, a point I discussed at length with  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , who I am sorry is not with us in his usual Friday slot today.
Love for our pubs is strong across all our constituencies.
If there is one thing guaranteed to unite us, it is sporting and royal events.
We tend to gather for these events in our local pubs, because they are the beating heart of our communities.
As hon.
Members will know, such events do not always take place when our pubs and hospitality venues are open, which is why the Licensing Act 2003 makes two provisions for licence extension.
First, individual licensed premises can apply to their local authority for a temporary event notice.
Each application costs £21 and takes a minimum of five working days to be approved, although it often takes longer.
The provision is not designed for scenarios in which many venues across the country wish to extend their licensing hours at short notice and at the same time, so a second provision, under section 172 of the 2003 Act, enables licensing extensions for “an occasion of exceptional international, national, or local significance”.
That allows the Government to make a relaxation order applicable to all premises in England and Wales, specifying the dates and times of the relaxation, which cannot exceed four days.
Such orders, which are made under section 197 of the 2003 Act, are subject to the affirmative procedure and need approval from both Houses of Parliament.
Best practice is for the Home Secretary to complete a public consultation, and then for both Houses to debate the order, which can take up to six months to implement.
As mentioned on Second Reading, the process has been used for the coronation of His Majesty the King, the 90th birthday and platinum jubilee of Her late Majesty, the 2011 and 2018 royal weddings, the 2014 FIFA World cup, and the Euro 2020 final in 2021.
Last summer, our whole country was immensely proud of our Lionesses reaching the women’s World cup final.
As hon.
Members will recall, we found out only four days before the match that our Lionesses had made the final.
It was taking place on a Sunday in Sydney, and there was an 11-hour time difference.
The match kicked off at 11 am, with many venues unable to serve alcohol  until 11 am or 12 noon.
There was no time left for them to apply to their local authority for a temporary event notice and, because Parliament was in recess, there was no mechanism for the Government to issue an extension.
Our communities missed out on all the pre-match excitement and much-needed extra revenue.
Clause 1 will allow the Home Secretary or Ministers to make an extension order in similar situations without going through the costly, overly bureaucratic, time-consuming and restrictive process that exists now.
Clause 2 simply states that the Bill will come into force on the day it gains Royal Assent, and will extend to England and Wales only.
The Bill does not propose a change to the circumstances with which discretion may be exercised by the Home Secretary.
The provisions in section 172 of the Licensing Act 2003, which relate to the length, purpose and consultation requirements of any relaxation order, will remain intact.
This is a Bill to simplify the parliamentary process, not to change the substance of the Licensing Act’s provisions.
Using the negative procedure instead of the affirmative procedure does not remove parliamentarians’ voices on applications.
As Members will know, the majority of statutory instruments are laid before Parliament under the negative procedure, and there is a process for objecting to them or having them annulled, both in this place and in the other place.
Next week, the Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA European Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2021 is due for debate.
Like all previous extension orders of this kind, it is very likely that it will pass through both Houses unopposed.
Considering the many problems that our constituents and the country are facing right now, it is a waste of precious parliamentary time to debate an uncontentious order that has such cross-party and public support.
I recall spending many hours as a Home Office Minister taking through statutory instruments for exactly this kind of occasion, even though nobody opposed them and everybody could see that they were very good, particularly for the hospitality industry.
I declare an interest: my brother is a pub landlord and my father was before him, so I know how much such orders matter.
I fully support the hon.
Lady’s Bill.
Does she agree that these events are exactly the kinds of times when we need to get together in the great British pub?