I am a great admirer of the hon.
Lady—she joined me on the Russia sanctions list this week and I pay credit to her for her work for the children of Ukraine—but I am somewhat surprised that, given those growth figures, she has now turned out in favour of independence!
We all know what happened when Scotland remained part of the UK and the hit that we took.
It is disappointing that Labour has embraced that.
I will take a second intervention before I make some progress.
My hon.
Friend raises an interesting point about the epiphany the Secretary of State for Scotland has had in the intervening decade about the merits and de-merits of Brexit.
Is it not the case that no matter what this Minister thinks—or what any other Minister thinks in any British Government, Scottish or otherwise—they are not in thrall to the realities of the economy; they are in thrall to voters in middle England?
As usual,
my hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
I want to come on to the way in which we discuss and debate migration.
Migration is a good thing.
It benefits all of us.
All of us throughout time have benefited from migration.
I have been deeply disappointed by—I am sorry to say, Mr Speaker—the poison that often seeps into our rhetoric whenever we discuss this issue.
We need to be honest: nobody is talking about uncontrolled migration and we need a migration policy.
I want to talk about some of the industries that have talked to me, in a really sensible way that I think this House should listen to, about how we deal with migration.
I said to  the hon.
Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter)  that I would mention Labour.
Analysis by the Labour Mayor of London reckons that Brexit, which this Government have embraced—I do not know what happened to the Secretary of State for Scotland; I consider him a colleague—loses us £40 billion a year.
So when the Government are making cuts to the winter fuel allowance and cuts to the disabled, that is all to go and pay for a Brexit that nobody voted for and nobody wants.
While I am talking about people embracing a hard Tory Brexit, I want to refer to a former Member of this place, Michael Gove.
Even before the Brexit vote, the architect of Brexit could see the damage that would be caused to Scotland’s economy.
What did the architect say?
“If, in the course of the negotiations, the Scottish Parliament wants to play a role in deciding how a visa system could work, much as it works in other parts of the European Economic Area, then that is something we’ll look into.”
He went on to say that “the numbers who would come in the future would be decided by the Westminster Parliament and the Holyrood Parliament working together.”
That is a commitment made by a Conservative Minister prior to the Brexit referendum.
I remember listening to it on Radio Scotland.
I am loath to quote Michael Gove.
Frankly, when the history is written of this place hence, there can be few politicians who, along with former Prime Minister Johnson, will have caused as much damage.
His legacy will be one of costs and damage economically, as well as in terms of opportunities for our young people.
But in that moment of self-reflection, Mr Gove did say that Scotland needed a particular solution.
I also thought that I would quote him because I was going to appeal to Scottish Labour today, and they appear to have embraced Michael Gove.
They are now getting prepared to stick him in the House of Lords to make him an unelected bureaucrat for life—something he railed against.
The Secretary of State is making faces; I am not sure if he has signed off on that yet, or how keen he is on it, but the Government, having heard what Mr Gove said about unelected bureaucrats, are about to stick him in the Lords.
I understand from the Press and Journal—I believe everything that I read there—that he is about to become Lord Gove of Torry.
I am not sure what the good people of Torry think of that, or what they have done to deserve it—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  will have a better idea than I do—but I am not sure they will think an awful lot of that.
Having embraced a hard Tory Brexit, Scottish Labour is now— Will the hon.
Member give way?
Oh, here we go!
If you can tell me why on earth Labour is putting Michael Gove in the House of Lords, I will gladly give way.
Order.
Can I remind the hon.
Gentleman to do less you-ing, please?