The Secretary of State will have the opportunity to talk about this today, and I very much look forward to an update on where he is on the talks.
The Bill gives precious time to him, and to the offices of other Secretary of States, and gives the rest of us time to meet the needs of the Scottish sector.
I am glad to see  the hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  in his place; I welcome him.
As he has rightly said, when it comes to immigration policy, one size does not fit all.
It should not be beyond us to devise ways to attract more people to work and settle here.
He has talked effectively about the challenges for the rural and island communities that he represents,   and I was glad to hear his productive intervention on that.
I hope that he is able to have conversations with his hon.
Friends about that.
Let me quote from the Scottish Labour manifesto: “we will work with the Scottish Government when designing workforce plans for different sectors.
This will ensure our migration and skills policies work for every part of the UK.”
I am struck by the hon.
Gentleman’s interest in making sure that young people get the opportunities that they deserve, because in East Thanet—far away from Scotland—we are deeply concerned that one in 10 young people is out of education, employment or training.
I wonder what he has to say about the SNP’s record on this issue, given that one in six young people is out of education, employment or training in Scotland.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point—how can we provide opportunities for young people?
She will also know that right now, we are providing fewer opportunities for young people.
Scotland is working very effectively on having positive destinations, including through the great work of Skills Development Scotland.
That speaks to the migration debate we have had in recent years.
Migration has driven our policies and our economic growth for centuries, yet Labour is leaning into the Reform agenda—it is very disappointing that Reform Members are not in their place—which is so poisonous to our political rhetoric.
Migration and refugees are two entirely separate issues.
The hon.
Lady will also be aware of the tragic small boats issue, which we talk about at length, although we do not talk about migration as a whole.
I want us to have a more sensible debate on migration.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will not take the hon.
Lady’s intervention just now.
I very much look forward to the contribution of  the hon.
Member for East Thanet (Ms Billington) .
I know Kent well, and I think there will be a valuable contribution to be made from that part of the United Kingdom, including on the impact that Brexit—I know that she talks about this issue—has had on young people in her area.
The Liberal Democrats have traditionally talked about greater decentralisation of government.
That is a point that they stand on, having a federal party.
I would have loved to have taken an intervention from a Liberal Democrat Member today, but of course, they are not here.
Alex Cole-Hamilton, the leader of the Liberal Democrats in Scotland, accepts that immigration is essential for maintaining growth, but also for the sustainability of services—I will talk about that in a moment.
He has also talked about how we need “both of Scotland’s Governments to work together” on migration “to ensure that rules are sensitive to the skills that are needed in every corner of these islands and in every sector of our economy.
”—[Scottish
Parliament Official Report,  9 January 2025 ; c. 69.]
We can pick that up in Committee, if we can work together.
I note talk at the Liberal Democrat conference about a special visa for those fleeing Donald Trump.
I am not sure what representations the Liberal Democrats have made to the Government on that—maybe the Secretary of State can tell us—but there are always opportunities to be had.
I move on to a point of common ground.
I concede that we are not all on the same page.
There are differences on this issue, but that is the whole point of Parliament.
We come together to debate and see whether we can find solutions.
Sometimes, the majoritarian nature of this place does not help.
I conceded that Labour and Scottish Labour won the election, and I congratulated them and the Prime Minister on that.
We have seen what has happened to their poll numbers since, but they won the election.
However, they did so based on a small percentage of votes.
Unfortunately, that is the system we have.
I ask Labour Members to not make the same mistakes that the Conservatives did, particularly Boris Johnson’s Conservatives, and to appreciate that 34% or 35% of the vote is not a majority.
It might give Labour a majority of seats, but the party needs to listen to other parties, other bits of the country and all sectors.
That is crucial.
We can debate and discuss, and I can quote bits from Scottish Labour manifestos, from the SNP, from the Scottish Liberal Democrats and—yes—even the Conservatives, but we all have a responsibility to try to listen to the sectors that are doing such valuable work.
We all try to do so in our different ways, including in our constituencies, which is important.
For example, this week, I went to East Scryne farm in Angus, just outside Carnoustie, and spoke to a local farmer about the value of migration to the berry industry—I know other Members will have done similar.
A number of us will have enjoyed berries from Angus over our breakfast this morning.
And Perthshire.
We will also have enjoyed berries from Perthshire—and even Aberdeenshire.
All of that depends on migration.
I know that, in order to improve their work here, Members will try, whenever possible, to engage with and listen to constituents.
I am not asking us all to come to the same conclusion, but it is in that engagement that we all seek to do our work better.
The hospitality and tourism industry is vital for rural and remote communities, for every sector in Scotland and elsewhere in the UK.
Leon Thompson, the executive director of UKHospitality Scotland, says: “The hospitality and tourism industry across Scotland has been calling for a Scotland visa for some time.
We believe it really is one of the ways in which we can help address the skills and workforce shortage that we have in the industry.”
The Scottish Tourism Alliance says: “Failure to find a tailored solution risks having a further detrimental impact on the economy and opportunities for economic growth” as staff shortages are leading to tourism and hospitality businesses closing for longer outside the summer visit season, reducing opening hours and shutting down certain services, such as food offers in hotels.
Regardless of our own thoughts, we can see straightaway the impact that has on growth and the sustainability of our services.
The Scottish Tourism Alliance also says: “Introducing a Scottish specific visa scheme not only would match immigration to the demand for certain skills”— as it has done for centuries— “but also encourage more people coming to live and work in Scotland, particularly in rural and island communities that are experiencing a drain in people of working age and families.”