I am glad to respond to that.
I was deputy director of our Remain campaign, and I was delighted when not only did every part of Scotland vote overwhelmingly to remain in the EU, but every local authority area voted to remain in the EU—even those that had voted against joining the EU.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Could you give guidance on whether re-running the Brexit debate from 10 years ago is in any way linked to a single clause of this Bill from the Scottish National party?
That is not a point of order.
The Bill has a broad scope, so it does allow for some broadness in the debate.
I am not that surprised that the Labour party wants to close down a debate on Brexit.
The hon.
Member is seeking to spare his party its  blushes—in particular Scottish Labour—and I respect him for that.
We know why we need to open up that debate.
The Treasury will tell us why: it is because of how much money Brexit is costing our public services.
Our young people know why: it is because of the opportunities Brexit is costing them.
I listened to  the hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  yesterday in Westminster Hall.
He made a good speech in which he tried to talk about opportunities for young people through a youth mobility scheme that he endorsed, but he also spoke of capping the number of young people who could participate, so that fewer young people had the freedom of movement that both he and I enjoyed.
What a paucity of ambition from the Labour party for our young people, who have been left with fewer rights.
I expected that from the Conservative party, but not in my wildest dreams would I have expected it from the Labour party, which now wants to crow about the situation and the cap on young people.
The Westminster Hall debate was interesting, and was largely conducted in good spirit, though I think his speech slightly misjudged the tone of Westminster Hall.
I and a number of Labour parliamentarians have been looking for practical steps to move forward our relationship with the European Union.
We have had 15 years of moving backwards under the Conservatives, and we have now heard a speech that seems to be detached from reality.
My job—our job on the Labour Benches—is to get a stronger deal with the European Union.
One of the key first steps, we think, is a visa-based youth mobility system, and I am proud of that.
I am glad the hon.
Member is proud of the opportunities he will be denying young people by going ahead with Labour’s plans.
I found that debate yesterday slightly frustrating.
My hon.
Friends will have sat through similar debates in which Labour Member after Labour Member—in fairness, there are a number of them; they won the election, after all—talk about how dreadful Brexit was and the damage it did to our young people, universities, small and medium-sized enterprises, and security, and to Britain’s place in the world.
But what are the Government doing about it?
Nothing.
They are embracing the hardest of hard Brexits.
They could rejoin the customs union and reintroduce freedoms, to bring benefits to citizens the length and breadth of the UK.
I sat on the Opposition Benches, behind SNP Members, during those long, tumultuous days of the Brexit debate, and I remember watching SNP Member after SNP Member game the system to push us towards a no-deal Brexit, in the hope that the Government of the time would abandon the plan.
There were Labour Members who argued consistently that we should adopt plans and deals; SNP Members voted against that at every opportunity because their narrow grievance politics was more important than a good deal for this country.
The hon.
Member is a born-again Brexiteer, and he has taken on the nonsense of Brexiteers.
He should have a look at the European Union (Withdrawal) (No. 2) Act 2019, passed by this House, which banned a no-deal Brexit, which he said he was pushing on.
Who  was one of the co-authors of that Bill?
I was.
I worked with Labour colleagues, Liberal Democrat colleagues, Green colleagues and SDLP colleagues to stop the damaging “no deal” that Brexiteers embraced; he has embraced it, and Boris Johnson embraced it.
Let me move on to Scottish Labour; we have heard quite enough nonsense from  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell)  today.
I was one of the authors of the Bill that we called the Benn-Burt Act because of the fine work done by those Members— Order.
May I remind the hon.
Gentleman that the Bill is an immigration Bill?
While I did say that the scope is quite wide, will he please try to stick to immigration?
You are quite right, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I was keen to knock on the head some of the issues raised by the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central.
Let me talk about Scottish Labour’s commitments.
I will quote the leader of the Scottish Labour Party, Anas Sarwar.
I do not always do this, and I know that the Secretary of State does not like talking about him—he frequently disregards him—but let me at least give Anas Sarwar his place.
He said: “I’ve had a number of conversations with Yvette Cooper and UK colleagues in the run-up to the election and since the election.
They already want to reform the Migration Advisory Committee to make sure there is proper Scottish representation.
They recognise there are different migration needs in different parts of the country”.
As for reaching out a bit more to other colleagues, not everything in the Bill is for everybody in this House, but the Bill gives us an opportunity to meet commitments made.
We could do that on Third Reading.
We could introduce amendments and have a Bill team.
I would love to have really good, strong Scottish Labour representation on that.
[Interruption.]
I would also like to have Conservative representation on it; let the team be reflective of who is in the House.
I would be generous to the party of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) —almost as generous as the Labour party regularly is to his party.
Let me quote Scottish Labour’s deputy leader.
Jackie Baillie said: “I would expect governments to work together, to talk to each other, to respond to each other’s needs…At the moment there are no plans for one”— this was said pre-election— “but I think if you have governments taking common-sense approaches that an incoming Labour government would do, then dialogue will continue.”