During these visits to Scotland, I have always been struck by the warmth, generosity and hospitality of the people I have met, whether that is in Inverness, Edinburgh, or in smaller towns in between.
This hospitality reflects something deeper than just kindness.
It speaks to a strong sense of community, openness and pride in welcoming others, and it is precisely that spirit that  should be at the part of any conversation about immigration.
Immigration, when done right, should strengthen communities, not divide them.
It should reflect the same values that I have seen across Scotland and in my community on the Isle of Wight: a desire to offer opportunity, build belonging and contribute to something greater than ourselves.
When I speak to my hon.
Friends the Members for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) and for North Ayrshire and Arran (Irene Campbell), I hear echoes of my community on the Isle of Wight, despite the geographical separation.
Like them, we are bound by the challenges of geography, dependent on ferry services —Members would expect me to mention that—to get to work or school, receive vital goods and supplies, and access healthcare and essential public services.
Like them, we too have been let down time and again by broken promises, under-investment and poor planning by the previous Government—I would not want to leave Conservative Members out.
As hon.
Members will know, I have had more than a few choice words about the current ferry situation on the Isle of Wight, but even I must admit that when compared with the so-called Scottish ferry fiasco, our situation feels slightly less dire.
For those who are unfamiliar with that, back in 2015, the Scottish Government awarded a contract worth £97 million to Ferguson Marine to build two new ferries for CalMac.
Those ferries were meant to modernise the fleet, improve reliability and serve island routes such as Arran and the Western Isles.
Is what my hon.
Friend just mentioned not another example of the incompetence and failings of the SNP?
Frankly, motions and Bills like this are simply a disguise and designed to pull the wool over the eyes of people in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend might not be surprised to hear that I am coming to that point.
The ferries were supposed to be operational by 2018, but here we are in 2025 and neither ferry has set sail.
If the ferries are such a catastrophe, would the hon.
Gentleman care to explain why, in a constituency with probably more ferries than any other in the UK, I was re-elected in 2017, 2019 and 2024 with the largest SNP majority in Scotland?
If the ferries are that bad, why do the people who use them vote SNP?
I think I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I am sure that his constituents will be able to explain why.
The project has been plagued by delay after delay, the costs have soared to more than £360 million, and islanders have been left without the reliable transport they were promised.
One vessel is now years behind schedule, while the other may not set sail until 2026—not 20:26 by the 24-hour clock, but the year 2026.
It is not just a failure of infrastructure, but a failure of leadership, a failure of accountability and, most importantly, a failure to respect the island communities who rely on these lifeline services.
Now the SNP is asking us to entrust it with even greater powers over immigration.
Never once, while scanning the horizon for dolphins off the coast of  Nairn, did I think that Scotland should have its own separate immigration laws or that that would solve everything.
How the hon.
Member has managed to bring ferries into a debate about a Scottish visa is beyond me.
Instead of focusing on the issues that he sees with capital projects in Scotland, why does he not talk about some of the capital project failures in England?
Order.
May I remind hon.
Members that this is a debate about why Scotland should have devolved powers over immigration?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You are quite right to keep us on track.
The Bill fails to account for its impact on the broader UK internal market.
If Scotland is granted the power to admit migrants under its own criteria, we will be left with a host of unanswered questions.
What is the mechanism for managing the flow of people across borders?
How will we prevent an influx of people from moving to other parts of the UK without proper oversight?
The hon.
Member, who until about two minutes ago was one of the few people on the Government Benches I had any time for, talks about what a catastrophe it would be if Scotland could unilaterally control who comes to work on our shores and who comes to invest in our economy.
Ironically, he forgets that that is exactly the encumbrance under which Scotland exists now: we get what England says we can get.
It is a disgrace, and he is trying to defend it.
Defend it now!