The Secretary of State knows that this is a Second Reading debate.
I have been keen to say that from the start.
I have been saying it to the media this morning, and I said it in my letter to Anas Sarwar, which I copied to the Secretary of State.
I wanted to do that and to make sure that my letter went to Scottish leaders—I am not sure how often they talk, but I wanted to ensure that the Secretary of State had seen the letter as well.
The letter talked about us coming together and talking to each other.
On that point, I will give way to a very experienced Member, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) .
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way.
I know that most Labour Members are new to the procedures and workings of this House, but the Secretary of State is not, so he will know from experience that private Members’ Bills are practically rewritten in Committee.
My hon.
Friend is asking that we be allowed to take the Bill through to Committee, where this can be worked out.
Surely even the Secretary of State, who I believe has been in this House since 2010, understands how these things work.
Order.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman, before I call  the hon.
Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry (Stephen Gethins)  to continue, that interventions should be on the Member who is speaking.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Now that we have clarified that point of reference, I look forward to the vote today that the Secretary of State is committed to, and I look forward to meeting him so that we can work together, because that is the right thing to do, and we will have to make concessions.
Of course we want to see the devolution of immigration—we want to see independence.
We differ from other Members in this Chamber; we accept that we have differences and that we were voted in on different manifestos.
But it is not beyond the wit of man—to be fair, this is something that the hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar has already referenced—to try and find a bit of common ground.
Now let me talk about some of the think-tanks and other organisations and what they have said, because I am keen to let other Members have the opportunity to speak.
Hear, hear.
That is the most effective heckle I have heard all day, though that was not where I expected it to come from.
The Law Society of Scotland said: “Bespoke visa schemes for Scotland, combined with expanding international outreach activities in relation to immigration to advertise these new arrangements, would be an effective way of ensuring that immigration policy meets Scotland’s needs.”
Prosper, formerly the SCDI, says: “SCDI supports greater flexibilities on immigration for Scotland to respond to its distinct demographic and employment needs...
Other countries”— this is something my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire has worked on very hard— “successfully operate regional migration schemes which target the specific needs of their economies and SCDI believes that there are workable options for more differentiation in the UK’s system.”
I agree with that.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
No, I want to continue with this.
Alison Evison, a former Labour councillor and former president of COSLA, says: “There is a strong unified voice across all sectors in Scotland in favour of a flexible immigration system that can meet our particular economic, workforce and population needs.
For many years,  COSLA has been calling for an immigration system that can be responsive to local as well as national needs and that recognises and addresses the challenges that we face.”
Finally, Reform Scotland has done a huge amount of work on this—I commend its paper to all Members of the House as we seek to inform ourselves when we go through to Committee, and however we work together to populate that.
It has said: “There is no reason why Westminster cannot create an immigration system which takes Scotland’s different situation into account.
It is important to remember that this has been done before, through the Fresh Talent Initiative”, which, in fairness, Lord McConnell on the Labour Scottish Executive worked with the UK Government to do.
It would not be unique—there are other decentralised approaches elsewhere in the world.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire, whose work on the Scottish Affairs Committee, along with other hon.
Members, was very effective.
The Committee looked into the matter, and I know he will want to talk about that.
A decentralised approach has been taken in Canada, Australia, Belgium and elsewhere, so it is not unique.
This is the Government of devolution—they talk about devolution.
As Donald Dewar told us, devolution was “a process” not a final destination.
This strikes me as being the next process, and it has happened elsewhere.
Finally, I want to go into the different conversations about migration.
rose— I see a number of Members want to intervene.
I am glad to give way to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen North (Kirsty Blackman)  because she wanted to come in earlier and I did not take her intervention then.
My hon.
Friend is making an important case about Scotland’s unique needs and the way that our democracy differs.
To go back to the economic point, the founding mission of this Labour Government is about growing the economy, so will my hon.
Friend explain the impact of increasing migration?
What is the impact on the economy of bringing more people in to do more jobs in the economy?
I am not an economist, but any economist would say that the impact of that is growth—it is positive.
In the aftermath of leaving the EU, we saw a surge in migration under Boris Johnson’s Government.
Members have talked about that and criticised the Conservative Government, as I have done.
However, what struck me about that migration to date was that at the same time as we saw a surge in migration to grow the economy—I am not saying anything against that—we saw a reduction in the rights that we ourselves enjoyed as UK citizens and a devaluation of the British passport.
I may no longer wish to hold a British passport—that might not be something that I want—but its devaluation has impacted each and every one of us because of the loss of those rights.
Before I finish, I will take one more point from  the hon.
Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna) , who I know has been trying to intervene.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for giving way.
I was interested to hear what he said about the various experts talking about regional migration policies.
Unfortunately, my constituency suffered from a regional migration policy in living memory as the Isle of Sheppey was separated from mainland migration during both wars in the previous century.
That has left a lasting impact of deep, profound socioeconomic damage to Sheppey because people could not get on or off the island, and we could not get the workers we needed.
That has left a deep legacy of distrust between the island and the rest of Great Britain.
We do not want to replicate that across the whole of the United Kingdom and that is why I oppose the Bill.
I know the Isle of Sheppey.
I know Kent very well: the kingdom of Kent is a fine county—the garden of England.
I know some of the challenges that the hon.
Gentleman rightly raises.
He is representing his constituents very effectively in doing so and I am grateful to him not just for raising the issue, but the way in which he raises it.
Kent is a fine place.
On that point, will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I am trying to answer the point raised by the hon.
Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey.
Kent is not Scotland and Scotland is not an island.
We have some fine islands, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  is keen to reminds us on a regular basis, but they are not the same.
To compare the Isle of Sheppey with Scotland is a false comparison.
I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point
and he is right to raise it—the value of these kinds of debates is that we can have such exchanges.
The reason that I went through what has been said by all the think-tanks, the experts and the sectors—I could have gone on for longer, but I suspect you, Madam Deputy Speaker, would have hauled me up for that—is because there is such a body of evidence in Scotland around the issue.
That is why the idea has had such a serious reading from every single party in Scotland.
On that point, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is that strength of cross-sector agreement in Scotland that leaves so many people disappointed?
Their expectations and hopes were raised that a change of Government in this place would lead to a change in migration policy, so does that not make it essential that Scotland’s interests in relation to this issue are served by powers resting in Holyrood, rather than the Government here?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
I want to see these powers rest in Holyrood—that will surprise nobody—and he and I absolutely agree on that.
I have also opened up this matter by saying, “You can amend.
You can change.”
I do not want my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire to have to school the Secretary of State again on process, but that is something that we can do.
I say in the spirit of collegiality that I look forward to working with the Secretary of State on this issue, because I think we can find common ground.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will finish with a conversation on migration, but I will take one more intervention, because I want to hear the perspective of another Member from elsewhere in the UK.
The hon.
Member makes the point that there is a body of evidence in favour of his Bill.
I point him to another body of evidence: the fact that there are 100,000 children in Scotland who do not have a home to call their own.
At the same time, we have children in schools in Scotland with the widest poverty-related attainment gap ever.
That is the body of evidence that we need to look to.
Does he agree that his party would be better off looking at addressing those issues to attract workers to Scotland, rather than creating more red tape for businesses?
I have to say I am a bit struck by that, when the Government are bringing in their cuts to the disabled, which will push more children in Scotland into poverty.
That is a Westminster policy driving Scottish child poverty, at the same time that we have UN reports talking about the benefits of the Scottish child payment.
If that policy was brought in across the UK, it would take tens of thousands of children, including those in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, out of poverty.
We know that that would happen.
I am glad that that was the final point, because it talks to me of the paucity of ambition we have seen from the Labour party, which I find disappointing and which will drive more children into poverty through cuts to the disabled.
If it simply replicated what we did in Scotland with the Scottish child payment, there could be benefits throughout the United Kingdom.
I look at the countries around us that have taken a more positive approach to European integration and to working with other countries—look at Ireland and the benefits that it has had from independence and European integration.
Where under previous Governments we saw unfairness, we now see that gap being reduced, because of their wide range of powers—a country that previously suffered from emigration is now benefiting from immigration.
That is ambition.
Those are the benefits that these things can bring, and they are right on our doorstep.
That point talks to me about the conversation around this issue.
Can we please pull the poison out of the migration debate?
Nobody is talking about uncontrolled migration, and we obviously need to distinguish between migration and refugees.
Maybe, on the eve of his funeral, we can reflect on Pope Francis’s compassion for the most vulnerable in society.
We would all do well to reflect on that, especially on the heartbreaking conversations I have had around those people desperate enough to get into small boats and try to cross the channel.
I will talk about the Scottish Trades Union Congress; Members might do well to listen to it.
The First Minister is right to highlight both the negative effect of pandering to anti-immigrant sentiment and the need for a separate Scottish approach.
The STUC supports additional powers on migration for the Scottish Parliament.
If Government Members will not listen to us, to Reform Scotland, the care sector or the higher education sector, maybe they will listen to the Trades Union Congress instead.
The First Minister was right to push back on the hard right and on how we conduct ourselves in office.
We must challenge Reform, and I am deeply disappointed that its Members are not here today, because I have been reasonably generous in taking interventions from Members of different parties.
I wish they were here so that we could push back on the rhetoric that, I am sorry to say, too many in this House too often lean into.
This idea was initially proposed by Michael Gove to offset Brexit.
That is the idea we got from him.
Brexit left us poorer, with fewer rights and more isolated, and it left young people with fewer opportunities.
It hit public finances and our rights, and it left the UK isolated and vulnerable—more isolated than at any other time since the second world war.
I am an internationalist; I want to see countries pooling and sharing sovereignty.
I want to see a European Union that provides a model in the modern age, a European Union that—[Interruption.]
This is the thing that Labour—like the Tories and Reform—leans into: this sense of British exceptionalism.
They lean into the sense that this is the only Union out there, but that exceptionalism is so small in its outlook.
That is how I would describe it: small, isolated and lonely.
I want to see us rejoin the European Union.
Ireland and England have never had a better relationship in their history than they do now.
Our relationship is one of partnership, of equals, and of previously being within the Union that built that.
Labour was elected on a small minority.
I say to Labour Members that it is time to listen.
This Bill is imperfect; I can see that.
It will not be for everybody, but let us approve it in principle, let us get it through, and then let us work together on a commitment that has been made by our party and the Scottish Labour party.
I am deeply grateful for the time you have given me, Madam Deputy Speaker.