The Secretary of State’s party is trying to become the party in government in Scotland next year, but his party does not have any imaginative solutions, so over the next year we will be testing his proposals and policies against what we are doing.
If people in Scotland are attracted to the Secretary of State’s policies and proposals, they will vote Labour in, but I do not think that will happen, and I think, in his heart of hearts, he also believes that now.
We only need to look at the last by-election result.
So when we are elected to this House, let us deal with the things that matter to us, and nothing is more important than this issue.
If we do not get this fixed, we will have serious issues and structural problems in our public services and our economy.
I appeal to the House: let the Bill go through and then let us all work together to resolve the situation.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) , my vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary beer group, which is a very important group.
I agree with him about how beautiful Scotland is and I am interested to hear some practical ideas on how we can increase the Scottish population.
I am sure that the birth rate could be incentivised by the Scottish Government, perhaps with tax relief for more babies—that is just an idea.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about pandering to the Reform agenda, but I do not think any hon.
Members in this House, from any party, are immune to the dangers of Reform’s rhetoric.
He is misguided in saying that Labour Members are the ones pallying up to Reform.
I agree with many of the interventions from Labour Members today, and I will make a few further points.
Although I hate to burst the SNP’s bubble, since July, Scottish Labour has won two thirds of by-elections—many, many congratulations to my friends in Scotland.
Also, as a former French teacher, I am very familiar with Québec, which is a wonderful place.
It has had two referendums and people have voted remain twice.
Independence happens to be off the agenda, so perhaps the SNP needs to study that a bit more.
I would like to echo the words of my hon.
Friends, and I wonder, when James V of Scotland became James I, did he ever think that after 400 years— James VI!
The SNP Members are right—I am really rubbish at Roman numerals.
I have suffered with that since I was a child, so I put that down to my lack of intelligence around Roman numerals.
My notes do actually say “VI”—I just cannot do them, but at least I can admit to my failings.
When James VI of Scotland became James I, did he ever think that after 400 years and multiple Acts of Parliament and referendums, we would still be having these conversations?
Either way, he had a more successful career in the monarchy than Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, the last prince of Wales.
As a Welsh MP who is the Chair of the Select Committee on Northern Ireland Affairs, perhaps I was destined to be involved in a debate on Scottish devolution.
I believe, of course, that devolving powers is right, and I appreciate that 14 years of a Tory Government here has left a very sour taste in the devolved nations’ mouths, including in Wales.
But I cannot agree with devolving immigration to the Scottish Government.
First, the notion that this should be a priority for the SNP here or in Holyrood is, frankly, for the birds.
After a shocking result in the general election for the SNP, surely now the priority is to rebuild trust before the Scottish elections, and rebuilding that trust is difficult, guys.
If we look at the record in Scotland, we see that almost one in six Scots is on an NHS waiting list.
We see falling standards and rising violence in our once world-leading schools, while the poverty-related attainment gap in highers is at its widest ever, and hon.
Members know how much I care about that.
Before the hon.
Member gets to the end of her prepared litany of apparent failures in Scotland, she might want to touch on the far greater spending on  education and health in Scotland.
But just to get clarity on this issue, in this grotesque thing that is the United Kingdom, can she give me one measure—because I know she is super-smart—on which the devolved Welsh Government perform better than the SNP Government in Scotland?
That old chestnut, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I have been part of that system as a teacher, and I know what the high points are.
Actually, I do not think there is any comparator when the Scottish Government have had a lot more money to play with from their Barnett formula consequentials.
I want to move on to something that is very close to my heart: the Supreme Court judgment, for which Scottish women had to bring a case to the Supreme Court.
I just think we have not done anybody right, and that comes from the SNP Government and their agenda in Scotland.
We have seen how NHS Fife is treating the nurse, Sandie Peggie.
We know how they are treating women and girls.
There is a brilliant book called “The Women Who Wouldn’t Wheesht”, by Lucy Hunter Blackburn and Susan Dalgety.
It has 30 essays with 30 women’s voices on the situation in Scotland, from the frontline of the battle for women’s rights.
It is a compelling read, Madam Deputy Speaker—I can get you a copy.
So many women have had their reputations thrown under a bus and their jobs ruined, and their relationships with family and friends have gone.
My hon.
Friend rightly points out the outrageous situation that so many women in Scotland have faced over the last few years.
Does she agree that if Scotland wants to attract more immigrants and more migrants, it needs to understand women’s issues more coherently?
Order.
I am grateful for that intervention, because I remind Members to please keep in scope of the Bill.
That was the point I was going to make: if we want to make Scotland a more attractive place to go, we have to be inclusive and ensure that we look after women and girls.