I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
The House proceeded to a Division.
The Serjeant at Arms needs to investigate the delay in the Lobby, please.
The House having divided: Ayes 1, Noes 73.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
May I start by giving thanks to you, Mr Speaker, and colleagues who are attending today, and in particular the staff of the House of Commons for their assistance?
I think it is fair to acknowledge that today’s debate is slightly unexpected, so I am particularly grateful for all the help that I have received and that your team have provided over the past few days.
It might be unexpected, but this is nevertheless a very timely debate on Scotland’s particular needs.
It also comes the day after the election of Scotland’s newest councillor.
I want to give a shout-out to Lynda Holton, who won the by-election in Glenrothes last night with, I think, the SNP’s second highest share of the vote ever in the area and Labour’s second or lowest share of the vote ever.
I think that speaks to the disappointment felt in recent times and to the notion that sometimes politicians in this place do not adequately address the needs of Scotland or other parts of the United Kingdom.
Before I get to the substance of my speech, I want to be clear about something.
Given the nature of the Bill, I will concede that it is not for everyone.
It is a short Bill and, to be fair, it is not for everybody; but, to repeat the point that Members made in the Second Reading debate on the assisted dying Bill, we can get into the details later on.
I want to be clear: all of us across the Chamber can disagree on a wide range of areas, but I am up for working with colleagues from across the House, particularly Scottish Labour, to amend the Bill, to find some common ground and to meet the commitments that Scottish Labour has already made, which are pertinent and relate to this Bill.
I am glad that we have this valuable time.
We do not always get the time to debate areas of particular interest to Scotland.
It is ironic that I have been given time to debate something that relates to SNP policy, but also to Labour policy and, to a certain extent, to Liberal Democrat policy—it is unfortunate that the Liberal Democrats have been unable to attend today.
This issue has become particularly apparent given the catastrophe visited on our economy and our citizens as a direct consequence of leaving the EU.
When I say that, I know that I do not say anything that is particularly controversial.
I remember with fondness my time working closely with the Secretary of State for Scotland, when he was far sighted enough to see the utter catastrophe that would be visited on Scotland and the rest of the UK if we embraced a hard Brexit.
I valued the time working with him on that.
I have since been a bit surprised that he has subsequently embraced that hard Tory Brexit.
I know that things change in politics—we take the circumstances when they change—but I am not entirely sure what has changed for the positive since we left the EU in 2016: the economy has tanked; rights and opportunities have been taken away from our citizens; and we have lost billions—£40 billion a year—to the Exchequer.
Those are not just my numbers.
On that point, before I mention another Labour figure, I will give way to the hon.
Lady.