I will maybe leave aside some of the hon.
Lady’s sums—I am not sure whether she has been reading Labour briefings—but she does make a valuable point about rural areas, and I acknowledge her commitment to her constituency and her rural background.
I commend her for the way she conducts herself in this place.
There are a number of points here.
We know that bringing workers to rural areas, and the very high threshold to bring people into the country, is a challenge—that is not new—which is why so many rural industries have been calling out for a Scottish visa system to plug that gap.
What is Scottish Government policy?
Well, we have talked with our Labour colleagues —although not, I would expect, the Conservative party, for ideological reasons—about having a more progressive taxation system in which those who earn less pay less, and those who earn more pay more.
I will not criticise  the hon.
Member for Gordon and Buchan (Harriet Cross) , who stood for election on a Conservative manifesto and won, but I am always surprised that the Labour party does not take the opportunity to endorse such a system more strongly.
Some 70% of the Scottish Government’s budget still comes in the form of a block grant from Westminster—that is a huge amount.
For all the talk we have heard of decentralisation, empowerment and so on, why do we not have a more sensible approach to that?
The hon.
Gentleman rightly mentions the block grant.
If, as he says—not entirely correctly—the block grant is the largest part of the Scottish budget, why did he vote against the Budget in which the block grant gave the Scottish Government £4.9 billion extra?
What I find striking is that the Scottish Government have not only had to receive their block grant, rather than making these decisions for ourselves, which those of us on the SNP Benches would like to do, but have spent years with Tory austerity and are staring down the barrel of cuts elsewhere.
The Secretary of State might quote figures in terms of the cash, but after years and years of Tory government that are not being helped by the Labour party, by the cuts that have come about as a result of Brexit, which they now endorse, by the cut to the winter fuel allowance that Labour brought in, which the Scottish Government brought in measures to offset— The bedroom tax.
And the bedroom tax.
[Interruption.]
The Secretary of State is chuntering from a sedentary position—I have always wanted to say that in this place—but in all these areas the Scottish Government are offsetting the damage that Westminster policies have caused.
For how long do we have to put up with damaging Westminster policies?
This Bill is a way of offsetting some of the damage that has been done by a hostile environment and by Brexit, which I am astonished day and daily that the Scottish Labour party continues to endorse.
Let me talk about the Scottish care system.
All of us will benefit from the care system at some point—all of us—and we will all have loved ones who benefit, so the voice of that sector is particularly pertinent.
Scottish Care has said: “The current UK immigration system is failing the social care sector in Scotland.
The recent rule changes, particularly the ban on dependents”— which has had a big impact on other sectors as well— “and the incompatible increase in the minimum salary threshold, exacerbate existing recruitment challenges and pose significant risks to the sustainability and delivery of essential care services.”
I talked about one bit of my constituency in Angus, and now let me talk about another bit.
The Secretary of State and I had an exchange about this.
We know that the ban on dependants has also had a significant impact on the higher education sector.
I am glad to see the convenor of the all-party parliamentary university group,  the hon.
Member for Erewash (Adam Thompson) , in his place.
Those of us with higher education institutions in our constituencies—I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests—will know of the damage that has been done by the ban on bringing dependants to this country.
Care is an issue that matters deeply to me, but the problem with care is not that we are not getting cheap labour from elsewhere; it is that we are not paying care workers enough.
That is one of the things that a national care service would seek to solve.
Why did the SNP waste so much money—£28 million—on its failed national care service, rather than working across the House in good faith to deliver the care that people need?
Order.
I remind all Members that the Bill is about why Scotland should have devolved powers over immigration.
I am glad if we can get back to the Bill.
I am struck that Labour Members never seem to be that keen to talk about the areas for which they have responsibility.
They talk about the Scottish Government an awful lot but not the areas for which they have responsibility.
This Bill speaks to a specific Scottish solution that could be brought in to meet particular Scottish needs, and it is one that, to be fair, Scottish Labour has talked about.
Let me move on to talk about think-tanks and other organisations.
The Law Society of Scotland— Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will give way to the Secretary of State one more time, and then I will move on to these other organisations.
The hon.
Gentleman has been very generous in giving way when it suited him to do so.
All the things he is talking about are not included in the Bill.
It is a simple, one-line Bill that would devolve the entire immigration system to Scotland.
For Members who might not know how the Scotland Act 1998 operates, let me explain that if a matter is contained in schedule 5 to that Act, it is reserved, and if it is not, it is deemed to be devolved.
This Bill is just devolving the entire immigration system, so the individual issues relating to visas that he is talking about are irrelevant to this debate.