CHAD REENDERS, RECIPIENT OF THE 2024 MICHIGAN BLUEBERRY

ADVISORY COMMITTEE INDUSTRY AWARD

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chad Reenders, a

fourth-generation blueberry grower from West Michigan and this year's

recipient of the Michigan Blueberry Advisory Committee Industry Award.
Michigan's high-quality produce drives our economy, feeds families

across the Nation, and is both widely respected and recognized around

the globe.
It is because of leaders like Chad Reenders that this

reputation is gained, kept, and enhanced.
Chad is a premier advocate for his fellow blueberry growers across

Michigan and has tirelessly fought to improve their standing, whether

it be in the field, in the media, or in Washington, D.C., educating

elected officials on the needs and importance of the industry.
As

President of the Michigan Blueberry Advisory Committee, Chad continues

to make impactful changes for growers and is recognized across our

state for his passion, drive, and commitment.
The Michigan Blueberry Industry is stronger through Chad's

leadership.
I thank him for his continued efforts to make Michigan the

best place in the country to grow.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Chad Reenders for his

recognition as the recipient of the 2024 Michigan Blueberry Advisory

Committee Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RANSOMVILLE VOLUNTEER FIRE

COMPANY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations

and recognize the Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company, which is

celebrating 100 years of excellence.
This outstanding achievement is

marked by the Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company's commitment to

providing safe, efficient, and effective emergency services to the

Ransomville Community and surrounding communities in Niagara County,

New York.
The Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company is located in the hamlet of

Ransomville in the Town of Porter, in Niagara County, New York.
The

fire company's stellar record of service began when it took on its

first chartered members in March of 1924.
At that time their first line

of defense against fires was one hand drawn hose cart, which was

popular among many departments in the early 1900s.
Today, the fire company's 53 members are tasked with protecting local

schools, government buildings, and several farms and annually respond

to over 600 calls.
The members are not only limited to fighting fires,

but they are also called upon to respond to motor vehicle accidents,

hazardous material incidents, and medical emergencies.
Although times have changed for the members of the Ransomville

Volunteer Fire Company, the call to tirelessly safeguard the lives and

property of citizens remains the same.
These courageous volunteers

leave their jobs, their hobbies, and their families at a moment's

notice to respond to danger and I cannot thank them enough for that.
The residents who are served by the Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company

can rest comfortably knowing they will receive the best possible

assistance.
I am pleased to congratulate the Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company

for 100 years of protecting their community and recognize their

continuing commitment to service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ESSENTIAL WORK OF EQUALITY NC

HON.
WILEY NICKEL

Mr. NICKEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Equality NC, which

has a remarkable history as the oldest statewide organization in the

country devoted to promoting LGBTQ rights.
Through grassroots organizing, education, and advocacy, the

organization has made landmark strides towards equality for everyone

regardless of their lived and expressed identity.
I appreciate Equality NC's efforts to push for legislation that calls

for nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender

identity, and expression in housing, employment, public accommodations,

credit, insurance, and education.
One of their most notable achievements was leading the fight against

HB2, a dangerous and discriminatory bill against the LGBTQ community

that was later repealed after a successful public pressure campaign.