Title: COMMEMORATING NATIONAL PARALEGAL DAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
128

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING NATIONAL PARALEGAL DAY

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of our Nation's

paralegal professionals.
Paralegals have been in use in the legal profession for nearly 60

years.
These individuals are hard workers, held to the highest ethical

standards, and provide essential support in legal offices.
Anyone in business knows that your business is only as strong as the

people who work there.
Support is a vital part of the foundation of any

success; within the legal ecosystem, paralegals play a vital part in

building and sustaining that foundation.
``Liberty and justice for all'' is more than just a line in our

national Pledge of Allegiance--it's the day-in, day-out mission for

those in the legal profession.
Paralegals are essential to that

profession, working in government agencies, corporations, law firms,

and more.
Many professions are honored with a day of recognition.
I am thrilled

to commemorate this first National Paralegal Day on August 6, 2024.
I thank our Nation's paralegals for their tireless and inspiring work

and hope it will encourage others to pursue a career in this honorable

field.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING AMY BOYETTE

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize

Amy Boyette, Director of the Office of External Affairs at the

Department of Energy's Savannah River Site, on her retirement after 32

years of federal service with the Site.
Her remarkable career at SRS has witnessed many groundbreaking

accomplishments in the history of the department, state, and nation

that contribute to both our national security and environmental

stewardship.
From her service as liaison to the Defense Nuclear

Facilities Safety Board to managing the U.S. Origin Nuclear Material

Removal Program, her journey has been marked by dedication, excellence,

and an unwavering commitment to public service.
Beyond her professional commitments, Amy's kindness, mentorship, and

support for her colleagues and the community have created a legacy that

will undoubtedly be an inspiration for many to follow.
I know her son, Nick Poston, parents, Milton and Shirley, her

colleagues, and the citizens of both South Carolina and Georgia share

my appreciation for her contributions to our states and service for

Americans.
Congratulations to Amy on a truly remarkable career and best wishes

on her future success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF STANLEY GRAHAM TATE

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect and honor Mr.

Stanley Graham Tate, a champion of real estate, business, and education

in Florida, who sadly passed away at the age of 96 on July 26, 2024.
Mr. Tate was not just a real estate mogul, but a visionary whose

successful ventures transformed the real estate landscape, particularly

in Miami Beach.
His entrepreneurial spirit continues to inspire us all.
In addition to his real estate career, Mr. Tate's business acumen was

instrumental during a crucial period when the government needed his

skills.
As the Southeast Regional Director of The Resolution Trust

Corporation, a federal agency established to address the Savings and

Loans financial crisis, Mr. Tate's invaluable contributions helped the

United States overcome these financial challenges.
One of Mr. Tate's greatest legacies is the creation of the Stanley G.

Tate Florida Prepaid College Program.
This program, founded in 1987,

has been a beacon of hope for countless students in Florida, providing

them with the opportunity to pursue higher education.
Mr. Tate's

foresight and dedication to educational equality have been invaluable

to the community, and his legacy lives on in the lives of the students

who have benefited from his college savings plan.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating Mr. Stanley Graham

Tate's life and legacy.