This program, founded in 1987,

has been a beacon of hope for countless students in Florida, providing

them with the opportunity to pursue higher education.
Mr. Tate's

foresight and dedication to educational equality have been invaluable

to the community, and his legacy lives on in the lives of the students

who have benefited from his college savings plan.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating Mr. Stanley Graham

Tate's life and legacy.
His achievements will undoubtedly be cherished

by the numerous lives he has impacted, and he will be dearly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WORK AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF NICK HARGROVE FOR PRESERVING AND

PROTECTING THE CHESAPEAKE BAY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Nicholas ``Nick''

Hargrove, an Eastern Shore seafood processor and oyster restoration

expert who has had tremendous impact on the health and sustainability

of the Chesapeake Bay.
Nick is the owner of Tilghman Island Seafood which processes

approximately 20,000 pounds of blue catfish daily.
Through his hard

work and dedication, Nick is instrumental in protecting crabs, perch,

menhaden, and others, against the invasive blue catfish population

plaguing the Bay.
Nick has also contributed to addressing the oyster

shell shortage by replanting millions of dried oyster shells in the

Chesapeake Bay.
On behalf of the people of the Maryland's First Congressional

District, I thank Nick for his tireless work and dedication to

preserving the Chesapeake Bay for future generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THOMAS DIERCKMAN

HON.
MIKE GARCIA

Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Thomas Dierckman, a beloved member of CA-27's community and an integral

district staffer who has been with me since I was first elected to

Congress.
Tom's life of public service began as a teenager where he spent time

away from cowboying to become an Eagle Scout.
Later, at the University

of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, he earned his degree in Mechanical

Engineering.
Consistent with Tom's dedication to his community, he used

his training as an engineer to give back to his country.
He was

commissioned as an Ensign in the Navy after college and joined the

Civil Engineer Corps.
During Tom's service as a Naval Officer, he did his part in every

community where the

Navy brought him.
For example, he coached basketball at his first duty

station in Yokosuka, Japan, and was a public works officer at the Naval

Regional Medical Center in Oakland, CA, where he taught Civil Engineer

Corps students.
While Tom's tenacity took no days off, he always made time for his

family and those most important to him.
Following Tom's marriage to his

wife, Sandy, in 1976 and the birth of his two sons, he left active duty

in 1982 and stayed in the reserves for another 17 years.
Tom resigned

from the Armed Forces with the rank of Captain in 1999.
After he resigned his commission as an active-duty Naval Officer, he

moved to Southern California and joined the Newhall Land and Farming

Company where he was responsible for all aspects of residential,

commercial, and industrial development.
In 1990, he was named Senior

Vice President and retired in 2004.
Since the 80s, Tom has been an integral part of our community.
He

served on the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles County Economic

Development Corp., Valencia Water Co., Castaic Lake Water Agency, and

Valencia Bank and Trust.
Tom was also a board member of the College of

the Canyons Foundation, a director emeritus of the COC Foundation, and

president of the Boys & Girls Club of the Santa Clarita Valley.
In

short, Tom's been busy.
For his work in our community, Tom has earned the Silver Spur Award

for Community Service, the Boys & Girls Club's Samuel Dixon Award for

extraordinary service, as well as being named Santa Clarita Valley Man

of the Year in 2012.