She has worked on issues of great importance to our district with a

portfolio that includes transportation, infrastructure, and flooding

policy.
It is fitting then that her work here has inspired her to

pursue a career in urban planning.
Throughout her more than 5 years serving our district, Cameron has

demonstrated a real passion for improving Texas' Seventh Congressional

District and the broader Houston region.
She has built meaningful

relationships across our community and has led the way on efforts to

ensure our district's and our region's priorities are included in our

work and that our work in Washington delivers meaningful progress back

home.
Outstanding in her policy work, Cameron was also an outstanding team

member who always remained positive and supportive of her colleagues.
Her work and her positive contributions have had--and will continue to

have--a lasting impact on our team and on our district, and we will

miss her.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Texas' Seventh Congressional District, I

express my deep and sincere gratitude and best wishes to Cameron Hull

as she continues her service to community and country in a new way and

begins a new chapter this fall.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KEVIN FITE'S CONTRIBUTION TO THE CHILDREN OF DETROIT

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Coach Kevin

Fite, a resident of Detroit and the leader of the Detroit City Chess

Club (DCCC).
His efforts in ensuring that the Metro Detroit youth have

a safe, supportive, and nurturing environment is worthy of

commendation.
The DCCC was born out of the competitive chess team at Detroit

Duffield Elementary and Middle Schools in the early 2000s.
Inspired by

the interest of his students who wanted to continue their competitive

playing after leaving Detroit Duffield, Coach Fite set up a meeting

with the Detroit Institute of Arts to discuss using their space for his

players.
The meeting went well, and the DIA has been the host of the

DCCC for the last 21 years.
Over the years, the DCCC has grown from a few students from Detroit

Duffield to reaching thousands of kids from all over the Metro Detroit

area.
DCCC not only reaches kids but has a large following of adults

that regularly play every Friday evening.
DCCC students have traveled

all over the United States competing and winning National

Championships.
One of their star players, Charisse Woods, represented

the United States two years in a row at the World Youth tournament in

2018 (Greece) and 2019 (India).
She is the first player in Detroit

history to compete on the world stage.
Detroit City Chess Club has also hosted the Thinkers series chess

tournament for the last 10 years to provide kids in Metro Detroit the

opportunity to hone their skills.
Along with putting on tournaments,

the DCCC has hosted many grandmasters to play games of give lectures,

like 5-time U.S. champion Hikaru Nakamura and 7-time U.S. female

champion Irina Krush.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring Coach

Kevin Fite, a man who has been committed to improving the lives of the

children who also call the city of Detroit home.
His efforts over the

last 20+ years is a glowing example of spreading kindness and joy in an

increasingly hostile world.
We thank him for his efforts, and we are

excited to see what the students of the DCCC can accomplish over the

next 21 years.
I thank Coach Fite.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
CHAD REENDERS, RECIPIENT OF THE 2024 MICHIGAN BLUEBERRY

ADVISORY COMMITTEE INDUSTRY AWARD

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chad Reenders, a

fourth-generation blueberry grower from West Michigan and this year's

recipient of the Michigan Blueberry Advisory Committee Industry Award.