Through grassroots organizing, education, and advocacy, the

organization has made landmark strides towards equality for everyone

regardless of their lived and expressed identity.
I appreciate Equality NC's efforts to push for legislation that calls

for nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender

identity, and expression in housing, employment, public accommodations,

credit, insurance, and education.
One of their most notable achievements was leading the fight against

HB2, a dangerous and discriminatory bill against the LGBTQ community

that was later repealed after a successful public pressure campaign.
Equality NC has time and time again supported North Carolinians from

their work on HIV/AIDS education to providing youth programming.
Through policy work and activism, Equality NC is leading the way

towards a more equitable future for all North Carolinians.
Please join me in supporting their efforts to make the world a safer

place for everyone, no matter who they are or who they love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF THE CITY OF WILLARD'S SESQUICENTENNIAL

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the City of

Willard's Sesquicentennial.
The perseverance of pioneers and settlers

to overcome the challenges faced during the early years of the city's

history has persisted throughout the past 150 years.
The hard work and

spirit shown by generations of city residents have made Willard an

outstanding example of American ingenuity.
In 1874, the City of Willard was established as a community and a

junction for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's line to Sandusky and the

branch west to Chicago.
The original name of Willard was Chicago;

however, passengers would mistake the community for Chicago, Illinois.
The city's name was changed to Chicago Junction, but the word

``junction'' did not fit on name boards at the time.
In 1917, the town

changed its name to Willard, after the then-president of the Baltimore

and Ohio Railroad, Daniel Willard.
In 1960, Willard officially became a

city.
The city is an asset to the great State of Ohio through its many

contributions in the fields of manufacturing and agriculture.
It

remains to this day a key junction for the rail company CSX

Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, by remembering the 150th Anniversary of the City of

Willard, community members recognize the outstanding achievements,

maintain the pioneer attitude, and strive to better their city through

the principles on which it was founded.
I thank and congratulate

Willard on this significant milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE CELEBRATING THE BASKETBALL LEGACY OF LONDON, KY

_____

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

glowing basketball legacy in London, Kentucky, now headlined by North

Laurel High School graduate Reed Sheppard, who was the No.
3 overall

pick in the 2024 NBA Draft, inspiring young athletes across the

Bluegrass State.
Reed Sheppard, the 2023 Mr. Kentucky Basketball and McDonald's All-

American, thrilled the Big Blue Nation, and especially Kentucky's Fifth

Congressional District, when he chose to follow in his parents'

footsteps to play basketball at the University of Kentucky.
His stellar

performance for the Wildcats earned national attention and countless

accolades, including the premiere Freshman of the Year for the National

Association of Basketball Coaches, the U.S. Basketball Writers

Association, the Field of 68, Dick Vitale's ``Diaper Dandy'', and the

highly competitive Southeastern Conference.
Reed's shooting percentage

was unmatched at the college level with 53.6 percent from the floor,

52.1 percent from the 3-point range and 83.1 percent from the free-

throw line.
As exciting as it was to watch him don the blue and white

jersey, Kentuckians watched in awe as Reed topped his personal best

performance during the NBA Summer League games against the nation's top

NBA recruits.
He averaged 20 points, 5.3 assists and 4.8 rebounds per

game, showcasing his skills as an offensive threat and a dominating

defender.