Create a legal definition of antisemitism to protect Jewish

people and students on college campuses facing

discrimination.
U.S.-Israel relations are not only vital to providing

stability in perhaps the most volatile region of the world,

but our principles and values are closely aligned, and the

U.S. must not waver in our ironclad support for Israel.
WNC wins in WRDA 2024

Even more positive news for our district: The House passed

the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2024, which

includes two of my bills, the National Dam Safety Program

Amendment Act and the Low-Head Dam Inventory Act.
The passage of this legislation benefits Western North

Carolina by strengthening dam safety for the more than 750

dams in out district and providing funding to improve water

and wastewater infrastructure.
The following projects are included in WRDA 2024:

Authorization of $41 million for water and wastewater

infrastructure, including stormwater management in Canton

Authorization of more than $3 million for water and

wastewater infrastructure in Robbinsville

Authorization of $4 million for water and wastewater

infrastructure in Weaverville

Authorization of $1.5 million for water and wastewater

infrastructure, including water supply in Murphy

Army Corps of Engineers study on flood risk management,

including riverbank stabilization, along the Catawba River in

Marion

Army Corps of Engineers study on flood risk management

along the Pigeon River in Clyde and Canton

Military Veteran Stand Down Celebration

Veterans have made great sacrifices to defend our freedom,

and it is only right that we now serve them by supporting

their transition to civilian life.
I was blown away by the turnout and involvement of everyone

who participated in the Military Veteran Stand Down

Celebration that I hosted with Henderson County.
More than 130 folks attended the event, and 21 resource

vendors were available to share how they can assist veterans.
I appreciate all who showed up for our veterans and

military families who have made great sacrifices to serve and

protect us.
Attention: Military Service Academy Day is on August 17

My office will be hosting a Military Service Academy Day on

August 17 in Haywood County for WNC high school students to

learn about the application and nomination process for

military service academies.
I look forward to meeting

students who are interested in learning how they can advance

their academic and professional careers while serving our

great nation.
Representatives from the service academies and members of

my team will be at the event to answer any questions.
Visit my website for more information here.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CAMERON HULL

HON.
LIZZIE FLETCHER

Mrs. FLETCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with deep gratitude to Cameron

Hull for her many years of service and exceptional work for Texas'

Seventh Congressional District.
After working for our district for more

than 5\1/2\ years, Cameron will leave my office to attend graduate

school at Harvard University, where she expects to earn a Master's

degree in Urban Planning.
Cameron has served Texas' Seventh Congressional District for as long

as I have, joining our district staff as a Staff Assistant in

Washington, D.C. as we opened our office in January 2019.
An integral

part of my team from the start, she has worked tirelessly and

effectively, handling issues of all kinds and engaging with our

constituents in meaningful ways.
As our office grew, so did Cameron's

role in it, as she moved from Staff Assistant to Legislative

Correspondent to Legislative Assistant to Senior Legislative Assistant.
She has worked on issues of great importance to our district with a

portfolio that includes transportation, infrastructure, and flooding

policy.
It is fitting then that her work here has inspired her to

pursue a career in urban planning.
Throughout her more than 5 years serving our district, Cameron has

demonstrated a real passion for improving Texas' Seventh Congressional

District and the broader Houston region.