Approximately one-fifth of D.C.

residents are considered obese.
Most of the obesity epidemic is

exercise- and food-related.
I urge support for this bill to mobilize the country before entirely

preventable health conditions, which often begin in childhood,

overwhelm the Nation's health care system.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

the attempted Trump assassination and Israel:

Dear Friend,

I voted in favor of H. Res.
1367, Establishing the Task

Force on the Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump,

which would fully examine all actions related to the

attempted assassination.
Our nation was shaken by the assassination attempt on

President Trump, which tragically took the life of Corey

Comperatore.
It has become clear since then that numerous security flaws

and failures made it possible for the gunman to open file on

President Trump.
The American people deserve transparency and

accountability.
We must make sure that what happened at the

rally in Butler, Pennsylvania does not happen again.
Kimberly Cheatle, who just resigned as director of the

United States Secret Service, refused to voluntarily provide

answers that would allow us to figure out what went wrong.
The United States Secret Service has a no-fail mission, but

it failed when the shooter attempted to assassinate President

Trump, took the life of an innocent victim and harmed others.
A comprehensive investigation is necessary to understand

what went wrong that day so we can learn how to prevent this

from happening in the future.
While obvious security gaps were present, I commend the

bravery of the individual Secret Service agents, local law

enforcement, and Emergency Medical Services, who took

immediate action to protect and care for President Trump.
America stands with Israel

As Israel continues to fight for its right to exist, I

remain committed to supporting one of our staunchest Middle

Eastern allies.
Last week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu

addressed a joint meeting of Congress where he eloquently and

directly addressed the world on why Israel has the right and

must defend itself and what the implications are for world

peace and stability.
While the House of Representatives has stood with Israel,

many on the radical left have turned their back on Israel.
They have chosen to withhold critical military aid that is

necessary for Israel to defend itself and defeat the

terrorist organization, Hamas, and have instead sided with

pro-Hamas leftists.
As an embarrassment to the traditions of joint sessions of

Congress, Vice President Kamala Harris skipped Netanyahu's at

a time when it has never been more critical to show the world

that America stands firmly with our ally.
Some of the major bills I helped pass in support of Israel

following the terrorist attacks of Oct. 7 include measures

to:

Provide an additional $14.1 billion in emergency

appropriations in support of Israel's efforts to defend

itself against Iran and Iran's terrorist proxies, and to

replenish U.S. defense assets in the region.
Strengthen U S sanctions against Iran.
Condemn the International Criminal Court's decision to file

applications for arrest warrants against Prime Minister

Netanyahu and Defense Minister Yoav Gallant.
Create a legal definition of antisemitism to protect Jewish

people and students on college campuses facing

discrimination.
U.S.-Israel relations are not only vital to providing

stability in perhaps the most volatile region of the world,

but our principles and values are closely aligned, and the

U.S. must not waver in our ironclad support for Israel.
WNC wins in WRDA 2024

Even more positive news for our district: The House passed

the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2024, which

includes two of my bills, the National Dam Safety Program

Amendment Act and the Low-Head Dam Inventory Act.