Reed's shooting percentage

was unmatched at the college level with 53.6 percent from the floor,

52.1 percent from the 3-point range and 83.1 percent from the free-

throw line.
As exciting as it was to watch him don the blue and white

jersey, Kentuckians watched in awe as Reed topped his personal best

performance during the NBA Summer League games against the nation's top

NBA recruits.
He averaged 20 points, 5.3 assists and 4.8 rebounds per

game, showcasing his skills as an offensive threat and a dominating

defender.
Some say it's all in his DNA, and while the Sheppard family certainly

has talent, it's their hard work and determination on the court that

has acquired the respect of other basketball legends.
His father Jeff,

who inspired Reed's decision to wear No.
15, won the hearts of Wildcat

fans as part of the National Championship Teams in 1996 and 1998.
The

Georgia-native star was the 1998 NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding

Player and went on to play in the NBA for the Atlanta Hawks and the

Toronto Raptors, before taking his professional career overseas.
Reed and his sister Madison, who had an impressive collegiate

basketball career at Campbellsville University in Kentucky, were

blessed with a double-dose of talent.
Their mother, Stacey Reed

Sheppard, a Laurel County native, set new records for the University of

Kentucky Women's Basketball team, becoming the all-time leader in

steals, ranking among the top 10 in scoring and assists, and earning

respect as one of the best players in the SEC.
She was also a member of

the USA Women's Basketball Team, representing our Nation and our

Commonwealth in international competition.
While the Sheppards strive for championship banners, their pursuit of

excellence has not been contained to the basketball court.
They have

been generous stewards of our region, donating countless hours and

resources to give back to their beloved hometown.
Stacey founded and

operated the Laurel County Backpack Club for 16 years and served on the

Board of Directors for Operation UNITE, while Jeff founded and led

UNITE's Shoot Hoops Not Drugs basketball camps for 11 years, inspiring

thousands of students to make good choices on and off the court.
After

the catastrophic flood in Eastern Kentucky in 2022, the entire family

made the trek to Eastern Kentucky to help cleanout and rebuild homes

for months with their church, Faith Assembly of God, showing compassion

that matches their seismic talent.
The Sheppards are now icons of a Laurel County Basketball Legacy that

spans nearly a century, starting in 1926 with a team who won the first

state title and went on to win the Final Four National Championship.
Since then, Laurel County high school basketball teams have earned

eight more state basketball titles and 48 trips to the Sweet 16.
The

Laurel County Lady Cardinals legendary coach Roy Bowling was named

Coach of the Year three times, raising the bar for competitive

basketball to southeastern Kentucky.
It is only fitting that the Laurel County Wellness Park now features

the Sheppard Family Basketball Courts, along with the names of student

athletes and coaches who pursued excellence for generations.
We have

enormous talent in the mountains, and it is a joy to see our region in

the national spotlight as a result of such wonderful athletes and

leaders.