Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career and service.
Ronald Vaughn, president of the University.
Throughout his 28 years of leadership with the University of Tampa, Dr. Vaughn has lifted students, faculty, the university, and the Tampa Bay community.
He spearheaded a remarkable turnaround for the university and leaves UT ranked among the best medium-sized private universities in America.
Dr. Vaughn's remarkable career, his lifelong commitment to education, and exceptional stewardship of the University of Tampa have propelled the school into being an academic powerhouse.
During his tenure as president, the school's academic offerings and footprint grew into the dynamic, community-connected institution that we are proud of today.
Dr. Vaughn embraced the history of the historic Tampa Bay Hotel, Plant Hall and the iconic minarets and infused the university with life and amenities for students including an expanded campus with 71 construction projects completed or underway and investments worth a total of $950 million.
The University of Tampa now hosts students from all 50 states and from almost all 195 countries.
Dr. Vaughn's leadership has been fundamental to achieving academic excellence with a unique entrepreneurial spirit.
Dr. Vaughn's academic journey is a model for my others--a B.A and an MBA from Indiana State University, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University.
Dr. Vaughn's comprehensive career as a business owner of a multi-office marketing research and consulting company provided him with the skills to lead the university into the established institution we know today.
His journey with the University of Tampa started in August 1984 as the Coordinator of the Marketing Department and holder of the Max H. Hollingsworth Endowed Chair.
Dr. Vaughn subsequently served as Director of the MBA Program, Dean of the College January of 1995 he became the president of the university.
Dr. Vaughn and UT hosted President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden in 2010 for a major economic policy announcement and a visit with students--the first time in UT's history that a sitting President made an official visit to the UT campus, and a rare joint appearance.
President Joe Biden also visited the campus in 2023, the day after his State of the Union address, with many students watching from the pool deck and one noting ``pretty cool vibes.''
As Vice President, Joe Biden also made a major international affairs speech in the Fletcher Lounge to Bay area business leaders in 2016.
Beyond his work as president of the university, Dr. Vaughn and his wife, Renee Vaughn, have been active members of the community.
He has served on numerous boards and leadership positions, including the Straz Center for the Performing Arts, the Gulf Ridge Council of the Boy Scouts, the Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce, and the Florida Aquarium.
Dr. Vaughn has received numerous honors in recognition of his lifelong commitment to education and his exceptional stewardship of the University.
Among the countless awards that have been bestowed upon him nationally as well as locally are the Hillsborough County Administrative Volunteer of the Year for Tampa Bay's Chapter of the American Red Cross and the prestigious national recognition by the Ellis Island Honors Society in 2004.
Furthermore, the multi-purpose Vaughn Center facility is named in his honor, and it serves as the hub As we congratulate Dr. Vaughn for his remarkable career, we also express our gratitude for his continued commitment to uplifting the youth and laying the groundwork for a better tomorrow.
Dr. Vaughn is the definition of a true public servant.
On behalf of my neighbors across the Tampa Bay area, the great State of Florida, and our Nation, I thank Dr. Vaughn for his years of dedicated service and tireless commitment to making the University of Tampa the dynamic and growing university it is today.