Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Peter Andrew Sturrock, Ph.D., who celebrates the centennial of his birth on March 20, 2024.
Dr. Sturrock grew up in Essex, England and studied at Palmers School, Grays, Essex, where his favorite subject was mathematics.
He studied mathematics at Cambridge University, then helped develop radar systems at what is now the Royal Radar Establishment.
He earned a scholarship to St. John's College where he was elected to a fellowship.
Dr. Sturrock then pursued work in electron physics at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge, the National Bureau of Standards, and the Ecole Normale Superieure at the University.
In 1951, Dr. Sturrock earned his Ph.D in astrophysics.
He researched nuclear physics at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment; plasma physics at St. John's College, Cambridge; microwave tubes at Stanford University; and accelerator physics at the European Organization for Nuclear Research.
He invented a number of implements, including a novel microwave tube later dubbed the ``Free electron laser.''
In 1961, Dr. Sturrock was appointed Professor of Applied Physics at Stanford University, where he lived for nearly 40 years with his wife Marilyn.
He is Emeritus Professor of Applied Physics at Stanford and Emeritus Director of the Center for Space Science and Astrophysics.
In 1990, he was awarded the Arctowski Medal from the National Academy of Sciences.
Dr. Sturrock founded and then served as president for many years at the Society for Scientific Exploration.
He also served as Chairman of the Plasma Physics Division and the Solar Physics Division In 2009, Dr. Sturrock published his autobiography, A Tale of Two Sciences: Memoirs of a Dissident Scientist, which covered both his research in conventional physics and his less mainstream investigations.
In 2013, he published AKA Shakespeare: A Scientific Approach to the Authorship Question.
In this book, he lays out a method for weighing evidence which he developed for studying pulsars.
Dr. Sturrock then invites the reader to apply the method to tabulate their own ``degree usually attributed to Shakespeare.
He was elected a Legacy Fellow of the American Astronomical Society in 2020 and has a deep interest in unidentified flying objects.