Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to my good friend and former California State Assemblyman Brian Nestande, who passed away at his home in Palm Desert earlier this month.
Brian was a dedicated leader in the Coachella Valley who has left us far too soon, and he will be deeply missed.
Born in Orange County, California, on January 10, 1964, Brian was exposed to the world of public service and politics at an early age.
Brian's father, Bruce, was a staff member for then-California Governor Ronald Reagan and later an elected member of the State Assembly and Orange County Board.
After graduating from California State University, Fullerton in 1991, Brian started his own political career by taking a position as the Deputy Campaign Manager for the successful congressional campaign of Michael Buffington in Santa Barbara County.
A few years later, Brian managed then-Palm Springs Mayor Sonny Bono's congressional campaign, which was also successful.
He went on to serve as Sonny's Chief.
In 1998, it was Brian who made the unforgettable phone call to me to share the shocking and tragic news of Sonny's death.
After Sonny's passing, Brian went on to serve as Chief of Staff to Congresswoman Mary Bono from 1998 until 2000.
He launched a government affairs consulting business named Nestande and Associates, and worked collaboratively with clients on alternative energy and healthcare issues.
In 2008, Brian's own name was on the ballot for the first time and he was elected to the California State Assembly, where he would serve until 2014.
In Sacramento, Brian was a tireless advocate for the Coachella Valley and Riverside County, working on important local issues like the Salton Sea and improving our infrastructure.
After his time in the Assembly, Brian joined the County of Riverside where he served as Deputy CEO, coordinating legislative priorities with state and federal representatives in the region.
Brian is survived by his wife Gina; his son Hayden; his daughter Sophia; and his stepchildren Sadie, Tad, Mason, Molly and Savana.
I extend my personal and heartfelt condolences to the Nestande family, his friends, and everyone fortunate enough to know Brian.
Although he may be gone, the many contributions he made to his community and family have left an enduring legacy.