He was a father, a

husband, a brother, and a friend.
His fellow officers described him as

a true hero, and those who knew him best spoke of his unwavering

dedication to his family and loved ones.
In the aftermath of this

tragic loss, the people of Marysville, Rio Linda, and the entire North

State have come together in mourning, offering prayers and support to

his family.
Osmar leaves behind a wife and child who now face an unimaginable

loss.
No words can fully ease their grief, but we must ensure that

Officer Rodarte's sacrifice isn't forgotten.
His service, both in

uniform and in his everyday life, is a testament to his character and

his deep sense of duty.
We honor Officer Rodarte's bravery, his service, and his legacy.
Our

prayers are with his family, his fellow officers, and all who knew him.
May he rest in eternal peace.
God bless him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on April 9, 2025, with Honor

Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean War

veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials

on The National Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to

honor their courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

April 9 answered our Nation's call to service during one of its

greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean

Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and

sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe

them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women

for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to

rise and join me in expressing gratitude:

Joseph J. Adduci, Robert J. Aksamit, Frank N. Allemana, James L.

Ammirati, Dennis J. Antolec, Richard T. Arnold, Donald L. Axe, Gus G.

Baseleon, Steven D. Beam, Stanley J. Bobek, George J. Bogner, Donald A.

Brady, Douglas R. Brooks, Earl A. Burke, Ronald L. Byrd, Sr.,
Richard

J. Cameron, Robert W. Carter, Gary W. Carver, Michael J. Casey, Lee E.

Cherry, George G. Coll, John H. Connors, Gerald T. Cyrkiel, Gerald O.

Dagenais, James Dalton, James F. Downey, Bernard Durkin, Jr., Kenneth

Ebner, Chars E. Edwards, Douglas R. Ermel, Victor R. Fischer, Charles

J. Fletcher, John T. Floodas, Lorenzo Franklin, James J. Furlong,

Ismael Garcia, Jose L. Garcia, Juan Garcia, Jr., Juan Garcia, Sr.,
Joseph Garofalo, Donald J. Gawlik, Cleophus Glover, Alex D. Golden,

George A. Haggis, Thomas R. Hamilton, Ronald W. Hayes, Russell E.

Hengels, Lee F. Hiller, Jr., Mathew P. Hirt, II, Charles O. Ingram,

Ladell Jackson, Lonnie Jackson, Jr., Michael T. Johns, Elisha Johnson,

Jr., William C. Kairis, Daniel K. Kantor, Clayton J. Klein, Anthony P.

Koufos, John J. Langerock, Lawrence S. Leugoud, David Lilly, Bruce J.

Lipman, William J. Lopez, Charles F. Lyons, Robert M. Machuga, Paul R.

Macko, John C. Malm, Ross H. Manna, Michael R. Marcelain, Thomas W.

Marren, Leroy Maxie, Raymond McElree, Thomas Meadath, Jerry

Mecklenburg, James D. Michels, Raymond V. Mikrut, Ronald J. Miller,

Sr.,