Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine reducing waste, fraud and

abuse through innovation, focusing on how AI and data

can improve government efficiency.
210-CHOB

APRIL 10

8 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold closed hearings to examine the posture of United

States Indo-Pacific Command and United States Forces

Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing

at 9:30 a.m. in SD-G50.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine turning back time, focusing

on locking the clock.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Preston

Griffith, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary, and Dario

Gil, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Science,

both of the Department of Energy, and Kathleen Sgamma,

of Colorado, to be Director of the Bureau of Land

Management, Department of the Interior.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of William

Kimmitt, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce

for International Trade, and Kenneth Kies, of Virginia,

to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
10:10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Andrew

Hughes, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary, David Woll,

of Virginia, to be General Counsel, both of the

Department of Housing and Urban Development, Michelle

Bowman, of Kansas, to be Vice Chairman for Supervision

System, John Hurley, of California, to be Under

Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes,

Department of the Treasury, and David Fogel, of

Connecticut, to be Assistant Secretary, and Director

General of the United States and Foreign Commercial

Service, and Landon Heid, of Missouri, to be an

Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of

Commerce.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Patrick

David Davis, of Maryland, John Andrew Eisenberg, of

Virginia, and Brett Shumate, of Virginia, all to be an

Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice.
APRIL 30

10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine biomedical research, focusing

on keeping America's edge in innovation.
POSTPONEMENTS

APRIL 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 558, to provide for the

consideration of a definition of antisemitism set forth

by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance for

the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws

concerning education programs or activities, S. 163, to

require institutions of higher education participating

in Federal student aid programs to share information

about title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,

including a link to the webpage of the Office for Civil

Rights where an individual can submit a complaint

regarding discrimination in violation of such title, S.

932, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act

with respect to molecularly targeted pediatric cancer

investigations, and additional pending calendar

business.