Title: CONGRATULATING THE LINVILLE HILL CHRISTIAN SCHOOL BOYS BASKETBALL STATE CHAMPIONS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
62

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE LINVILLE HILL CHRISTIAN SCHOOL BOYS BASKETBALL STATE

CHAMPIONS

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

the Linville Hill Christian School boys' basketball team on winning the

Class 2A PIAA Championship on March 28, 2025.
A small Christian school at the rural eastern edge of the 11th

Congressional District, Linville Hill Christian School has defied

expectations.
After cruising through the regular season and the

playoffs, the boys' basketball team made their way to the Class 2A PIAA

Championship game.
Though they trailed with four minutes to go in the fourth quarter,

late game heroism cut the deficit to a single point.
Senior captain and

Linville Hill's all-time leading scorer, Stephen Smucker, then sank the

go-ahead basket with under thirty seconds to go.
A spectacular defense

from Linville Hill Christian sealed a 55-54 victory.
Their state title,

the first in the program's history, crowned a historic 29-3 season.
Coach Mike Schatzmann and the players of Linville Hill Christian School

should be proud of this extraordinary accomplishment.
I congratulate them on their Class 2A PIAA Basketball Championship

and wish them the best in their future endeavors.
I am certain that the

lessons that each of these students learned on the court will continue

to serve them well throughout their lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING A HERO FOCUSED ON GIVING BACK: DR.
MICHAEL L. ZOLLICOFFER,

M.D.

HON.
KWEISI MFUME

Mr. MFUME.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a beloved native

son of Baltimore, Dr. Michael L. Zollicoffer, M.D. Dr. Z, as he's known

to most of his patients, is a physician of boundless compassion and

enthusiasm, and he has spent more than 35 years breaking down barriers

to healthcare for all Baltimoreans, regardless of their ability to pay.
His clinic has been a ray of hope for the under and uninsured, and his

selfless commitment to healing has had major impacts on the wellbeing

of his community.
Dr. Michael Zollicoffer is the son of trailblazing pediatrician Dr.

Lawrence Zollicoffer, co-founder of Garwyn Medical Center, one of

Baltimore's first Black-owned multi-specialty medical centers.
Dr. Z

followed in his father's footsteps by attending the University of North

Carolina (UNC) School of Medicine located in Chapel Hill; the school

that his father helped integrate.
While at UNC, Dr. Z was honored with

the MacNider Award, a prize given to sophomores with humility, good

character, and impeccable personal integrity.
Dr. Z earned his Doctor of Medicine from UNC in 1985 and returned to

his hometown to finish his medical training.
He completed his residency

in pediatrics at Sinai Hospital of Baltimore in 1988 and remained in

Baltimore to begin his own practice.
He opened his urgent care

facility, Life Care Plus, in an area of our city that struggles with

poor health outcomes and poverty.
In the decades since he opened Life Care Plus, Dr. Z has been a

guardian angel to the people of the 21215 ZIP Code.
Beyond his

willingness to practice in an underserved area, what is so remarkable

about Dr. Z is that he will never turn away a patient because they

don't have enough money.
A pediatrician by trade, he encourages

patients to bring in their grandparents for free check-ups, and he'll

happily give patients his personal cell phone number to call him any

time, 24 hours a day and 365 days a year.
Dr. Z's spirit of generosity has turned his clinic into a family

home, and many of the people he treated as children now bring their own

kids to the clinic.