MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 9

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

consider pending calendar nominations.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean

Donahue, of Florida, and Jessica Kramer, of Wisconsin,

both to be an Assistant Administrator of the

Environmental Protection Agency, and Brian Nesvik, of

Wyoming, to be Director of the United States Fish and

Wildlife Service; to be immediately followed by

hearings to examine improving future management of the

Superfund Program.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Arielle

Roth, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant

Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Energy

and Water Development and Related Agencies

Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize the Colorado

River System conservation pilot program, S. 362, to

allow certain Federal minerals to be mined consistent

with the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S.

544, to provide for the location of multiple hardrock

mining mill sites, to establish the Abandoned Hardrock

Mine Fund, S. 714, to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to

include critical materials in the definition of

critical mineral, and the nominations of Katharine

MacGregor, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary of the

Interior, and James Danly, of Tennessee, to be Deputy

Secretary of Energy.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Scott

Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of

Personnel Management for a term of four years, and Eric

Matthew Ueland, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director for

Management, Office of Management and Budget.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jared

Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the

National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and

Olivia Trusty, of Maryland, to be a Member of the

Federal Communications Commission.
11:30 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Samuel

Brown, of Nevada, to be Under Secretary for Memorial

Affairs, James Baehr, of Louisiana, to be General

Counsel, and Richard Topping, of Ohio, to be Chief

Financial Officer, all of the Department of Veterans

Affairs.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Cybersecurity

To hold closed hearings to examine United States Cyber

Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing

at 3:30 p.m. in SD-G50.
Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine personnel policies and

programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations.
S-116

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Meta's foreign

relations and representations to the United States

Congress.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine pending calendar nominations.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold joint hearings with the House Select Committee on

the Strategic Competition to examine financial

aggression, focusing on how the Chinese Communist Party

exploits American retirees and undermines national

security.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine reducing waste, fraud and

abuse through innovation, focusing on how AI and data

can improve government efficiency.
210-CHOB

APRIL 10

8 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold closed hearings to examine the posture of United

States Indo-Pacific Command and United States Forces

Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing

at 9:30 a.m. in SD-G50.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine turning back time, focusing

on locking the clock.