Arianna has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Arianna, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Arianna's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Arvada West High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Arianna Roberts Garcia on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DANOVIN BARSCOCCHINI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Danovin

Barscocchini for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Danovin has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Danovin, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Danovin's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Arvada West High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Danovin Barscocchini on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LINDA McCARTHY

HON.
RICK LARSEN

Mr. LARSEN of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

Linda McCarthy on her retirement from Mt. Baker Planned Parenthood and

thank her for her many decades of service and dedication to the people

of Northwest Washington.
Since 1977, Linda McCarthy has been an advocate for women's health at

Mt. Baker Planned Parenthood, starting as a secretary and eventually

rising to become the CEO for 21 years.
Under Linda McCarthy's leadership, Mt. Baker Planned Parenthood

expanded access to exceptional and essential health and social services

to many people in Whatcom, Skagit and San Juan counties.
It has been an honor and a privilege working with Linda, and I will

continue to honor her work by supporting women's health care,

reproductive rights and family planning services in Northwest

Washington.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 8, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 9

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

consider pending calendar nominations.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean

Donahue, of Florida, and Jessica Kramer, of Wisconsin,

both to be an Assistant Administrator of the

Environmental Protection Agency, and Brian Nesvik, of

Wyoming, to be Director of the United States Fish and

Wildlife Service; to be immediately followed by

hearings to examine improving future management of the

Superfund Program.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Arielle

Roth, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant

Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information.