Beyond his

willingness to practice in an underserved area, what is so remarkable

about Dr. Z is that he will never turn away a patient because they

don't have enough money.
A pediatrician by trade, he encourages

patients to bring in their grandparents for free check-ups, and he'll

happily give patients his personal cell phone number to call him any

time, 24 hours a day and 365 days a year.
Dr. Z's spirit of generosity has turned his clinic into a family

home, and many of the people he treated as children now bring their own

kids to the clinic.
His incredible value to his community has been

repeatedly recognized, with Dr. Z receiving awards like the UNC Harvey

E. Beech Outstanding Alumni Award and the University of Maryland,

Baltimore County's Community Leadership Award.
The love that the people of Baltimore hold for Dr. Z was most clearly

shown in recent months, as Dr. Z is now dealing with health struggles

of his own.
He was recently diagnosed with renal and colorectal cancer,

and due to insurance issues, he was facing the possibility of being

unable to pay his medical bills.
When his patients heard, they leapt

into action to create a GoFundMe which has raised more than $250,000

from over 3,000 individual donors.
As further proof of his virtue, Dr.

Z made clear that every penny that he doesn't need for his treatment,

will go directly into his clinic.
Mr. Speaker, you would be hard-pressed to find another individual

with as much passion

for healing and love for his community as Dr. Michael Zollicoffer.
For

his kindness, his selflessness, and his God-given abilities, Dr. Z has

been a pillar of the Baltimore community for decades.
His cancer

prognosis are positive and, God willing, he'll be practicing in our

city for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BERTHA MAZON'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

constituent from my district, Bertha Mazon, to celebrate her 100th

birthday.
On April 5, 1925, Bertha Martinez was born in Guadalajara, Mexico.
She immigrated to Arizona when she was just 11 months old.
After

graduating from Phoenix Union High School in 1943, she went on to work

for the Department of Economic Security, starting as an employment

office manager where she helped countless Arizonans acquire jobs.
She

then went on to be a legislative liaison within the Department for over

45 years.
Bertha's guiding mission in this role was to give back to the

community, which she did through obtaining lost employment checks, food

stamps, veteran claims, and other benefits.
Legislators and

constituents alike came to know her as ``the Angel of DES''.
Since the 1970's, Bertha provided countless resources for the Valley

through her involvement in Las Damas del Valle, the oldest Latina

volunteer organization in Arizona for which Bertha was one of the first

members.
Through this organization, Bertha did door-to-door education

to eradicate Tuberculosis, supported the local South Phoenix Boy Scout

troop with supplies, and acted as an auxiliary volunteer for the County

Hospital before it opened in 1970.
Bertha devoted her life to creating opportunities for the people of

Arizona and continues to empower the Latino community through education

and service.
Beyond her career, she is also a skilled painter, once

earning a recognition that resulted in her work being displayed in the

U.S. Capitol building.
She is also a life-long-learner, an amazing

cook, and secret comedian with a knack for bilingual jokes.
As we celebrate this incredible 100 years Bertha has lived, we

reflect on the many achievements that have shaped her life.
Through it

all, her love for her family has been a constant source of strength and

joy.
Married for over 60 years, she raised 4 children--Mark, Sonja,

Frankie, and Linda, and her family continues to grow.