Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor historic Warren County, which is celebrating its bicentennial anniversary this fall.
Warren County was incorporated in November of 1824 through an act of the New Jersey State Legislature, which named the new county after the renowned Revolutionary War hero, Dr. Joseph Warren.
At the time of her founding, a sum of almost $10,000 was raised to build a county courthouse that is still in use to this day.
Warren County has historically been an important locus of transportation and commerce.
In the 1650s, Dutch settlers built a road to carry mined copper in the region across colony lines to New York.
Today, ``Old Mine Road'' is a popular visitor attraction for both New Jersey residents and tourists from across the country.
Through the 19th century, Warren County expanded in commercial importance, hosting a large part of the Morris Canal, which connected the New Jersey and Pennsylvania countryside to metropolitan markets on the eastern seaboard.
Phillipsburg, New Jersey, also became a major hub for five major railroads.
The County also has a long history of industriousness and prosperity.
In the 1830s, furnaces in Oxford, New Jersey, became the first in the Nation to use the hot blast process, while a Phillipsburg furnace was one of the first to employ the Bessemer process.
Phillipsburg was also home to the first commercially successful diesel-electric train engines.
In the 20th century, a heavy manufacturing plant in Phillipsburg provided critical machinery for the Allied World War II victory.
Today, Warren County remains the leading manufacturing county among the 21 counties.
Agriculture has long been a staple of Warren County's prosperity and health.
Warren County feeds New Jerseyans as the top producing County of milk, dairy, cattle, feed corn, and eggs.
The county's proud tradition of family-owned farms continues to provide quality fresh produce to residents across New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
It is my honor to congratulate the communities of Warren County on their bicentennial celebration, as it continues to be a pillar of New Jerseyan and American agriculture, industry, and history.