Because lenders are not required to collect demographic details on their borrowers, data on the Paycheck Protection Program's racial breakdown has been scarce, but economists have consistently found signs of gaps.
An analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted that some counties with large numbers of Black-owned businesses--most notably the Bronx, Queens and Wayne County, Mich., which includes Detroit--had strikingly low concentrations of the relief loans.
Majority-white ZIP codes in several metropolitan areas had higher loan coverage than ZIP codes with heavily minority populations, according to a San Francisco Fed analysis released last month.
And data from the Small Business Administration shows the relief effort's tilt.
The vast majority of lenders did not report demographic data on the 3.6 million loans they made this year, but of the 996,000 that included information on the borrower's race, 71 percent of the dollars went to whiteowned businesses.
Pilar Guzman Zavala founded Half Moon Empanadas, a small chain of restaurants, in Florida 12 years ago.
She employed 100 people before the pandemic and had established bank accounts and years of detailed business records.
But Ms. Zavala's application stalled at the first two lenders she tried, forcing her to spend a month hunting before she finally found a local bank that would process her loan.
She's grateful for the aid, which helped her hold on to 50 workers, but found the process infuriating.
``The financial system doesn't get to truly small business, Hispanic businesses, women-owned businesses.
It just doesn't,'' she said.
Of the 1,300 Paycheck Protection Program loans that Southern Bancorp made last year, many went to customers who had been turned away by larger banks, 
Mr. Williams said.
In a recent Federal Reserve survey, nearly 80 percent of small-business owners who are Black or of Asian descent said their companies were in weak financial shape, compared with 54 percent of white business owners.
And Black owners face unique challenges.
While owners from all other demographics told the Fed that their main problem at the moment was low customer demand, Black respondents cited a different top challenge: access to credit.
When Jenell Ross, who runs an auto dealership in Ohio, sought a Paycheck Protection Program loan, her longtime bank told