After Congress created the program in last year's CARES Act, President Donald J. Trump's administration--especially his Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin--put a priority on getting money to needy businesses fast.
Just seven days after the law was signed, the earliest applicants received their checks.
But the haste meant the rules were mostly written on the fly.
Reaching harder-to-serve businesses was an afterthought.
Lenders and advocacy groups warned that the relief effort had structural challenges that were likely to inadvertently but disproportionately harm women and minority business owners.
Reaching the most vulnerable businesses required determination, they said, and the program gave lenders no incentives to put in that effort.
The government relied on banks to make the loans, creating an obstacle for borrowers who didn't have established banking relationships.
Some banks favored their larger and wealthier clients, which pushed ordinary customers to the back of the queue.
``Mystery shopper'' studies found that Black applicants were consistently treated worse than white counterparts.
The program also largely locked out sole proprietors and independent contractors--two of the most popular structures for minority-owned businesses.
Those companies weren't eligible to apply for the program's first week.
When they got access, a rule barring loans to unprofitable solo businesses--a restriction that didn't apply to larger companies--prevented many from getting help.
Most nonbank lenders, including those that specialize in underserved communities, were shut out for weeks while they waited for the Small Business Administration to approve them.
``The focus at the outset was on speed, and it came at the expense of equity,'' said Ashley Harrington, the federal advocacy director at the Center for Responsible Lending.
In the program's final weeks--it is scheduled to stop taking applications on May 31--President Biden's administration has tried to alter its trajectory with rule changes intended to funnel more money toward women- and minority-led businesses, especially those with only a handful