1999, but has been involved in neighborhood and community issues her entire life.
As she now steps back from elected office, I offer my deep gratitude for all she has done to make Lansing a better, stronger place.
Carol was just a toddler when her parents and two siblings moved across the country from Colorado to Michigan.
They settled in Lansing and quickly instilled in their children the notion that there was nothing more important than being part of a community and helping the people in it.
A proud product of Lansing Public Schools, Carol attended Michigan Avenue Elementary School, Genesee Street Elementary School, West Junior High School, and graduated from J. W. Sexton High School.
After high school she made a big move to Anchorage, Alaska, where she worked for the state's public school library system, but returned to Michigan following the death of her sister in a plane crash.
This would unfortunately not be the only time Carol and her family experienced profound tragedy.
Upon her return to Lansing, Carol picked up where she left off, working alongside her mother, Ruth Hallman, to build up the community.
The two were so close Carol eventually moved right next door, living in the very same neighborhood where she grew up.
In partnership with community groups, the two spearheaded the effort to change the city's housing code, turning rentals back into ownership opportunities for low to moderate-income residents, They also worked with local law enforcement to implement team policing, and in collaboration with Neighborhood Watch and the Genesee Neighborhood Association, brought the number of homes in the community with documented drug activity down from a high of 137 in 1988 to just 6 today.
But the neighborhood that made Carol who she is also brought her greatest pain, when her beloved mother was brutally attacked in her home in July of 2007, and died a few days later of her injuries.
Devastated but unbroken, Carol refused to let this horrific incident drive her from her home, and instead redoubled her efforts to fight for her community, an angel no doubt fighting right alongside her.
Six times the voters returned Carol to the Lansing City Council, and during her nearly quarter-century tenure she has chaired every committee and held virtually every position, including Council President on five occasions.
She continues to give back to the community by serving on various boards and commissions, and as executive director of Retired & Senior Volunteer Programs of Ingham, Eaton, and Clinton Counties.
She is the proud mother of two sons, and a grandmother to four.
Carol personifies the ideals of service, and has shown us all the power and true definition of living in community.
I thank her for her extraordinary devotion to Lansing.