Mr. Rufus F. Scott, a pioneer Gainesville businessman, donated a lot on North Dixon Street to the congregation.
Mr. J.Z. Keel, a schoolteacher, came to Gainesville and donated $7,000 for the church to build a building.
During the week, the building was utilized by Mr. Keel as a schoolhouse and by the church for worship on Sundays.
First Christian Church has continuously existed at this location ever since.
Rev. A.J. Bush, serving as minister, brought an organ for use during services, which caused a split in the congregation between 1884 through 1886.
This schism reflected the wider disagreement over the use of musical instruments in the church going on nationally in the StoneCampbell movement.
The church has had several buildings over the years and was known as the Christian Church, the M.E. Church and the First Christian Church.
The ``First Christian Church'' name was officially adopted in 1950.
A clapboard church building was erected in 1878 and used by the congregation until it was donated to the Bethel AME Church in 1892 and moved to Cummins Street.
A bigger building was constructed in 1892 and used until 1926.
A brick edifice was erected in 1927 and used as a sanctuary until 1956 before being converted for use as a classroom wing and a Fellowship Hall until 1993.
The current sanctuary building was erected in 1956 and continues to serve the congregation.
The new Pauline Roberts Fellowship Hall and classroom wing was added to the property in 1993 along with a Christian Life Center in 2004.
Both facilities are still in use by the congregation.
The current congregation of 125 members continues to serve Gainesville and Cooke County with multiple outreach ministries including Coats for Kids, Backpack Buddies, SoulFood, Stanford House Activity Center for Active Seniors, VISTO and Care Corp.
I join the members and all those who have had the privilege of being involved with First Christian Church in wishing them a happy anniversary and many more years of ministry and service to the community.