Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to rise today to join the members and supporters of the New Haven Oratorio Choir as they mark the 60th Anniversary of this exceptional organization.
The New Haven Oratorio Choir is a community-based, auditioned chamber choir whose mission is to provide the New Haven region with unique and intimate choral performances, a repertoire chosen to inspire and inform performers and audiences alike.
Indeed, the celebration of their 60th Anniversary includes an upcoming performance entitled ``Blossoms, Beasts, and Birds: Songs About Nature'' which will feature selections from renowned composers such as Britten, Copland, Whitacre, Gibbons, Price, and others.
The choir was founded in 1963 when Allen Wolbrink, the then music director of the Church of the Redeemer, wanted to expand its Senior Choir.
He did so by inviting singers from the larger community to join with the goal of performing larger works.
At the time, the New Haven Chorale was the only area chorus open to all singers and with a membership of over one hundred, it did not offer the more spiritual experience 
Mr. Wolbrink envisioned.
Originally named the Redeemer Oratorio Choir, over the course of its history, choir members have come from Greater New Haven and all over the world, all finding a community of belonging while they lived, went to school, or worked in the area.
In fact, former members still reflect on the feeling of community they still have when remembering their time with the choir.
In 1990, the choir was officially incorporated as the New Haven Oratorio Choir and when the Church of the Redeemer closed, they found a new home just down the road at St. Thomas Episcopal Church.
Today, the New Haven Oratorio Choir carries on the legacy of its founder, performing two concerts a year, each with a unique focus.
Over its sixty-year history, there have been changes in performers, musical directors, and even their home base, but two features at the heart of the organization remain its foundation--a commitment to sacred music and an openness to all members of the community.
As they celebrate this remarkable milestone, I am honored to extend my heartfelt congratulations to the New Haven Oratorio Choir and wish them all the best for many more successful years to come.
As we say in Italian, ``C'ent Anni!''