Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a man whose service and leadership have left a lasting mark on everyone he's worked with throughout his career.
Brian Newman is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UPS, he recently announced he will depart in June after having served the company for five pivotal years.
The United Parcel Service, commonly referred to as UPS, operates in over 200 countries and territories, with 500,000 employees globally, including nearly 7,000 in the state.
Each day, 22.3 million packages and documents make their way through the UPS network.
Hockey players thrive under pressure, rely on their teammates, and appreciate the rewards of hard work, dedication, focus and discipline.
Brian, a fellow ice hockey player and fan, embodies the hockey ethic.
Brian began his career in 1990 as an investment banker working for PaineWebber in New York City.
He then spent 26 years with PepsiCo and served in a variety of finance leadership roles spanning Europe, Asia, and North and South America.
He also served as Executive Vice-President for PepsiCo's Global Operations and as Chief Strategy Officer.
During his five-year tenure as UPS's Chief Financial Officer, Brian navigated the company through some challenging situations.
Under his leadership, Brian delivered results that supported employees, customers and communities.
His list of accomplishments during just five years with UPS is impactful, and his leadership through the COVID-l9 pandemic cannot be overstated.
He has left an indelible mark on UPS's people.
Brian is an effective executive and financial expert, always ensuring his people, investors and shareholders understand the complexities of UPS's financial standing.
He is a trusted advisor to his peers, a leader for UPS employees around the world, and a member of UPS's executive leadership team.
Brian embodies UPS's purpose statement of moving our world forward by delivering what matters.
Brian also serves on the board of Colgate-Palmolive as well as his alma mater, Georgetown University and Delbarton School.
A native of New Jersey, he still considers the tri-state area his home.
I know Brian will be missed by all who had the opportunity to work with him throughout his impressive career.
His positive impact on UPS will continue to be felt for years to come.
We all wish Brian, his wife, Lynne, and their children, Kendall, Shay, Conor and Finley, the best as they begin the journey ahead of them.