Supervisor Carson is a Bay Area native from Berkeley, California.
He has a B.A. in Political Science and Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley, a Master of Public Administration from Cal State University, East Bay, and a Juris Doctor from the John F. Kennedy School.
Keith Carson has a long history of supporting our community through involvement in local politics.
His interest in politics began in the Youth in Government program, where he was able to join a student assembly in Sacramento and learn about the government and legislative processes.
He then served as an intern for Berkeley's first Black mayor, Warren Widener, as a student, and later went on to work for former Congressman Ron Dellums after his graduation from UC Berkeley.
After working for Congressman Dellums for fifteen years in both his district and D.C. offices, Carson ran for the Alameda County Board of Supervisors in 1992.
As Supervisor, Carson chairs many Alameda County committees, including the East Bay Economic Development Alliance, the Alameda County Budget Work Group Committee, the Alameda County Personnel, Administration, and Legislation Committee, and the Alameda County Health Committee.
As chair of the Budget Committee, Carson championed a more inclusive and transparent budgeting process for the county.
In addition to chairing committees, Supervisor Carson represents the Board of Supervisors on the Board of Directors for many local organizations, including the Executive Committee of the California State Association of Counties, the National Association of Counties, and the National Organization.
He is also a member of the Alameda County Transportation Commission, the Alameda County Employees Retirement Association, and the Bay Area Council Economic Institute.
Carson's many accomplishments as Supervisor over the years include creating AC Impact, a program that aims to reduce homelessness in Alameda County by providing permanent and supportive housing to chronically homeless adults.
He has also been a leader in bringing the county to a more sustainable future, adopting a Green Building Ordinance that requires county municipal projects to be built to a U.S. Green Building Council LEED Silver standard.
Additionally, he has supported the funding of a Community Capacity Fund, which helps community organizations deliver re-entry services for formerly incarcerated individuals.
Carson's 30+ years of service have undoubtably made Alameda County a better, more inclusive place.
Supervisor Keith Carson is a beloved leader in our community, and I honor and thank him for his dedication to supporting Alameda County over the years.