Later, Yvonne returned to the Evergreen Missionary Baptist Church, and served in a variety of ministry positions: Usher, Missionary, Hospitality, Greeter, Sunday School Department, and more.
She used her positions to help children in the community, leading the `Kids Closet', which aimed to ensure that all children had adequate clothing and basic supplies.
Her passion and support for children continued outside of the church, as she used the office of PTA President to bring about many changes for students and families at Washington Elementary School.
She continued her involvement in the Oakland community, serving as Commissioner of the Parks and Recreation Commission, championing many efforts to preserve the historic Children's Fairyland.
She also worked on the Oakland Parental Education Program (P.E.P.), where Yvonne and her team trained parents through extensive workshops and training courses.
She later returned to schools as the on-site Parent Coordinator for Peralta Elementary School, where she created Black History programs and led holiday donation drives.
Yvonne considered the programs she implemented for kids and parents over her life to be her greatest accomplishments.
Mary Yvonne Myers was thankful for her opportunity to hold leadership within her community.
She was thankful for her family, and for the many roles God entrusted her with, including wife, mother, friend, and cousin.
Yvonne Myers was the Matriarch of her family, and was proud of the accomplishments of her children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren, who she considered ``future world changers''.
As the Matriarch, she was often fondly referred to as the ``Queen.''
She became popular on social media in her later years and ending her videos with ``Peace Out'' was her signature.
With family by her side, The Queen gave her final ``Peace Out'' on December 11, 2023, at 5:05 p.m.
Her presence will be missed but her spirit and influence will live on for generations to come.
She is survived by sons Donald Scotty Young, Kenny (Kelly)
Young, daughter Regina (Kelvin) Alexander, grandchildren Charles (Shane) Young, Andre Young, Brittney Young, Kelvin (Rochelle) Alexander, Keena Young, Rochad Young, Korey Alexander, Shaun Young, Demarcus (Shannon) Young, Dominik Young, one godson Antoine (Charisse) Jones.
Fourteen great-grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren, first cousins Rev. Dr. Clyde Oden, Jr., Dr. Robert Stanley Oden, Douglas Oden, Esq, Barbara Ann Slaughter, Fredrika Slaughter-Newton and a host of other cousins and friends.