She was born on

October 29, 1937, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi as the eldest child to

parents James Calvin and Nancy Stewart Slaughter.
Mary, later known as

`Yvonne' moved from Mississippi to San Diego, California in 1953 with

her family.
Her family flourished in their business ventures and elite

social circles in California.
In San Diego, Yvonne was mentored by her

Aunt Mae, who was part of a group of African American entrepreneurs and

community leaders in the area.
After completing her high school education at San Diego High School,

Yvonne and her family moved to Northern California in 1959.
Yvonne

began a fellowship with the Faith Chapel Church of God in Christ, where

she met Minister Levi Young.
They were married in August of 1961, and

had three wonderful children together, along with Levi's son from a

previous union.
Through this marriage, Yvonne developed a love for

ministry as she walked in the office of First Lady of the Revelation

Church of God In Christ.
Under the leadership of her husband and pastor

she was licensed as a Missionary in the Church of God in Christ, and as

the First Lady, Yvonne mentored many young women as they began their

Christian journey.
As the Executive Administrator of Charles Harrison

Mason Bible College, Yvonne ensured that students were successful in

their quest to get a deeper understanding of the Word of God.
In the

late 70s, Yvonne and Levi amicably took separate directions in life,

dissolving their union.
Yvonne remained very involved in Christian churches and continued to

mentor young women in the church.
In the late 1980s, Yvonne met the

love of her life Reverend Clayton Myers, Jr. In July of 1989 the two

were united in holy matrimony, a match truly made in heaven.
Together,

they led the auxiliary ministry of Evergreen's senior living facility,

The JL Richards Terrace.
Later, Yvonne returned to the Evergreen Missionary Baptist Church,

and served in a variety of ministry positions: Usher, Missionary,

Hospitality, Greeter, Sunday School Department, and more.
She used her

positions to help children in the community, leading the `Kids Closet',

which aimed to ensure that all children had adequate clothing and basic

supplies.
Her passion and support for children continued outside of the

church, as she used the office of PTA President to bring about many

changes for students and families at Washington Elementary School.
She continued her involvement in the Oakland community, serving as

Commissioner of the Parks and Recreation Commission, championing many

efforts to preserve the historic Children's Fairyland.
She also worked

on the Oakland Parental Education Program (P.E.P.), where Yvonne and

her team trained parents through extensive workshops and training

courses.
She later returned to schools as the on-site Parent

Coordinator for Peralta Elementary School, where she created Black

History programs and led holiday donation drives.
Yvonne considered the

programs she implemented for kids and parents over her life to be her

greatest accomplishments.
Mary Yvonne Myers was thankful for her opportunity to hold leadership

within her community.
She was thankful for her family, and for the many

roles God entrusted her with, including wife, mother, friend, and

cousin.
Yvonne Myers was the Matriarch of her family, and was proud of

the accomplishments of her children, grandchildren, and great-

grandchildren, who she considered ``future world changers''.
As the

Matriarch, she was often fondly referred to as the ``Queen.''
She

became popular on social media in her later years and ending her videos

with ``Peace Out'' was her signature.
With family by her side, The Queen gave her final ``Peace Out'' on

December 11, 2023, at 5:05 p.m. Her presence will be missed but her

spirit and influence will live on for generations to come.