Title: HONORING KEITH CARSON, SUPERVISOR FOR ALAMEDA COUNTY'S 5TH DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
83

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KEITH CARSON, SUPERVISOR FOR ALAMEDA COUNTY'S 5TH DISTRICT

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

achievements of Supervisor Keith Carson, who has represented the 5th

District on the Alameda County Board of Supervisors since 1992.
Supervisor Carson has been a fearless leader in Alameda County,

fighting for access to health care, improving business retention,

addressing the scarcity of jobs in our communities, and ending poverty

and homelessness.
He approaches his role as Supervisor with the goal of

creating a more inclusive and accessible government for the people of

Alameda County.
Supervisor Carson is a Bay Area native from Berkeley, California.
He

has a B.A. in Political Science and Business Administration from the

University of California, Berkeley, a Master of Public Administration

from Cal State University, East Bay, and a Juris Doctor from the John

F. Kennedy School of Law.
Keith Carson has a long history of supporting our community through

involvement in local politics.
His interest in politics began in the

Youth in Government program, where he was able to join a student

assembly in Sacramento and learn about the government and legislative

processes.
He then served as an intern for Berkeley's first Black

mayor, Warren Widener, as a student, and later went on to work for

former Congressman Ron Dellums after his graduation from UC Berkeley.
After working for Congressman Dellums for fifteen years in both his

district and D.C. offices, Carson ran for the Alameda County Board of

Supervisors in 1992.
As Supervisor, Carson chairs many Alameda County committees,

including the East Bay Economic Development Alliance, the Alameda

County Budget Work Group Committee, the Alameda County Personnel,

Administration, and Legislation Committee, and the Alameda County

Health Committee.
As chair of the Budget Committee, Carson championed a

more inclusive and transparent budgeting process for the county.
In addition to chairing committees, Supervisor Carson represents the

Board of Supervisors on the Board of Directors for many local

organizations, including the Executive Committee of the California

State Association of Counties, the National Association of Counties,

and the National Organization of Black County Officials.
He is also a

member of the Alameda County Transportation Commission, the Alameda

County Employees Retirement Association, and the Bay Area Council

Economic Institute.
Carson's many accomplishments as Supervisor over the years include

creating AC Impact, a program that aims to reduce homelessness in

Alameda County by providing permanent and supportive housing to

chronically homeless adults.
He has also been a leader in bringing the

county to a more sustainable future, adopting a Green Building

Ordinance that requires county municipal projects to be built to a U.S.

Green Building Council LEED Silver standard.
Additionally, he has

supported the funding of a Community Capacity Fund, which helps

community organizations deliver re-entry services for formerly

incarcerated individuals.
Carson's 30+ years of service have undoubtably made Alameda County a

better, more inclusive place.
Supervisor Keith Carson is a beloved

leader in our community, and I honor and thank him for his dedication

to supporting Alameda County over the years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY YVONNE MYERS

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

and legacy of Mary Yvonne Myers, a beloved wife, mother, and

grandmother, and cherished Oakland community member.
She was born on

October 29, 1937, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi as the eldest child to

parents James Calvin and Nancy Stewart Slaughter.
Mary, later known as

`Yvonne' moved from Mississippi to San Diego, California in 1953 with

her family.
Her family flourished in their business ventures and elite

social circles in California.