As the

Matriarch, she was often fondly referred to as the ``Queen.''
She

became popular on social media in her later years and ending her videos

with ``Peace Out'' was her signature.
With family by her side, The Queen gave her final ``Peace Out'' on

December 11, 2023, at 5:05 p.m. Her presence will be missed but her

spirit and influence will live on for generations to come.
She is survived by sons Donald Scotty Young, Kenny (Kelly) Young,

daughter Regina (Kelvin) Alexander, grandchildren Charles (Shane)

Young, Andre Young, Brittney Young, Kelvin (Rochelle) Alexander, Keena

Young, Rochad Young, Korey Alexander, Shaun Young, Demarcus (Shannon)

Young, Dominik Young, one godson Antoine (Charisse) Jones.
Fourteen

great-grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren, first cousins

Rev. Dr. Clyde Oden, Jr., Dr. Robert Stanley Oden, Douglas Oden, Esq,

Barbara Ann Slaughter, Fredrika Slaughter-Newton and a host of other

cousins and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH OF

GAINESVILLE, TEXAS

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the First

Christian Church of Gainesville, Texas as it celebrates the 150th

Anniversary of its founding.
I'm pleased to congratulate the

congregation on this significant milestone.
With its long and storied

history in Cooke County, it is truly an honor to join the congregation

in recognition of the longevity of First Christian Church.
The church had a presence in Gainesville for several years before its

members officially organized as a congregation, meeting first in a

local schoolhouse then at the Cooke County Courthouse.
The congregation

officially organized as the Dixon Street Christian Church on Sunday May

10, 1874, with thirteen original members.
Those charter members were

Mr. and Mrs. John Darnell, Mollie Lee, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Barrett,

Brother Hill and Aunt Nancy Hill, Mrs. Jennie Stewart, Mr. and Mrs.

John Bailey, Mr. and Mrs. Matthews and Mrs. B.F. Carpenter.
Church

records are unclear as to who served as the church's first minister.
One account lists Dr. Thomas C. Barrett as the first minister, serving

from 1874 to 1878.
A different source identifies Rev. A.J. Farthing as

the first minister, followed by Dr. Barrett.
Mr. Rufus F. Scott, a pioneer Gainesville businessman, donated a lot

on North Dixon Street to the congregation.
Mr. J.Z. Keel, a

schoolteacher, came to Gainesville and donated $7,000 for the church to

build a building.
During the week, the building was utilized by Mr.

Keel as a schoolhouse and by the church for worship on Sundays.
First

Christian Church has continuously existed at this location ever since.
Rev. A.J. Bush, serving as minister, brought an organ for use during

services, which caused a split in the congregation between 1884 through

1886.
This schism reflected the wider disagreement over the use of

musical instruments in the church going on nationally in the Stone-

Campbell movement.
The church has had several buildings over the years and was known as

the Christian Church, the M.E. Church and the First Christian Church.
The ``First Christian Church'' name was officially adopted in 1950.
A

clapboard church building was erected in 1878 and used by the

congregation until it was donated to the Bethel AME Church in 1892 and

moved to Cummins Street.
A bigger building was constructed in 1892 and

used until 1926.
A brick edifice was erected in 1927 and used as a

sanctuary until 1956 before being converted for use as a classroom wing

and a Fellowship Hall until 1993.
The current sanctuary building was

erected in 1956 and continues to serve the congregation.
The new

Pauline Roberts Fellowship Hall and classroom wing was added to the

property in 1993 along with a Christian Life Center in 2004.
Both

facilities are still in use by the congregation.