Mr Speaker, I rise to recognize the Madison County

community for its valiant and courageous spirit.
On October 24, 2023, Madison County first responders began the

difficult task of containing the Quaker Run fire.
The following day,

Madison County declared a local emergency after the fire continued to

burn and eventually spread into Shenandoah National Park.
As the fire

continued to grow and weather conditions continued to work against

first responders, it was inspiring to watch local residents and

volunteers come together--soon, local news stations and articles began

to highlight these efforts and the contributions made by these brave

individuals who assisted first responders in navigating the steep and

difficult terrain to contain the fire.
Unreliable cellphone service added to the uncertainty.
In response to

this, Verizon provided a mobile site for emergency personnel to use to

facilitate and coordinate communication.
It also allowed the Virginia

Department of Forestry to generate maps on site that proved useful in

helping organize the efforts on the ground to contain the fire.
In the face of adversity, the community came together to protect

neighboring areas

and help Madison County in its efforts to contain the Quaker Run fire.
Notably, volunteers--many of them local farmers and bear hunters--

helped install large containment lines to keep the fire away from the

community and also helped distribute food and water.
The collaborative

effort between the Virginia Department of Forestry, Virginia Department

of Emergency Management, Virginia National Guard, National Park

Service, USDA Forest Service, local fire and emergency services, law

enforcement, and more than 140 volunteers and nearly 20 fire and EMS

companies is a true reflection of the caring individuals who lent their

time and a helping hand to assist in containing the fire and keeping

Madison County residents safe.
On November 3, 2023, the fire had spread to roughly 1,500 acres.
On

November 9, 2023, the State of Virginia declared a state of emergency.
Finally, on November 17, 2023, the Quaker Run fire was declared 100

percent contained with about 3,397 acres of private, state, and federal

lands affected by the fire.
The efforts made by volunteers and first

responders from Madison County and across the Commonwealth were crucial

to preventing further damage and ensuring the safety of residents.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking and

celebrating the courageous men and women who came together--from

volunteers to first responders--to help their neighbors and provide

support to one another as they fought to contain the Quaker Run fire.
Their unwavering commitment to helping their community during this time

in Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IMPORTANCE OF ACTION AND ADVOCACY FOR BLACK MENTAL HEALTH

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Mrs. BEATTY.
Mr. Speaker, today I stand with my Congressional Black

Caucus colleagues to address the urgent challenges faced by the Black

community in mental health during Mental Health Awareness Month and to

call us to advocacy, awareness and action.
While Black adults experience mental illness at similar rates to the

general population, they face different outcomes.
Between 2010 and

2020, Black individuals saw significant increases in suicide rates.
While the share of drug overdose deaths among majority individuals

decreased between 2015 and 2020, shares of these deaths among Black

people rose, accounting for their disproportionate share of drug

overdose deaths.
The barriers to mental wellness for Black Americans are complex.
They

include but are not limited to mental health treatment stigma, limited

access to culturally competent care, or care at all, and the enduring

effects of racism and racial trauma.
Historical and ongoing racism

contributes to higher poverty rates, increased incarceration, and

limited access to healthcare and housing, as well as more subtle forms

of discrimination like microaggressions, all of which deeply impact

Black mental health.
Despite comparable rates of mental health conditions, only 39 percent

systemic barriers and stigma.