They

include but are not limited to mental health treatment stigma, limited

access to culturally competent care, or care at all, and the enduring

effects of racism and racial trauma.
Historical and ongoing racism

contributes to higher poverty rates, increased incarceration, and

limited access to healthcare and housing, as well as more subtle forms

of discrimination like microaggressions, all of which deeply impact

Black mental health.
Despite comparable rates of mental health conditions, only 39 percent

systemic barriers and stigma.
Approximately 10 percent of Black people

lack health insurance, significantly affecting their access to care,

and when care is sought, it often occurs in emergency departments

rather than from mental health specialists.
The scarcity of Black

professionals in the mental health field exacerbates this gap in health

care access, understanding, and trust.
Our response must include advocacy, awareness, and action.
We must push for policies that dismantle systemic barriers to mental

health care, and societal drivers of Black mental health challenges.
We

must pursue initiatives that focus on education and destigmatization so

more Black individuals seek help without fear of judgment.
And we must

act.
We must promote diversity, equity, and inclusion training in

medical education and provider training to mitigate provider bias and

care inequality.
And we must continue to address the enduring effects

of racism and racial trauma.
Mental health is a right, not a privilege, and it is our duty to

ensure that this right is upheld for every community, especially those

that have been marginalized for far too long.
Let us use National

Mental Health and Wellness Month to commit to meaningful change.
Together, we can foster healing, understanding, and resilience for all

Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRIAN NEWMAN

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a man whose service and

leadership have left a lasting mark on everyone he's worked with

throughout his career.
Brian Newman is the Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer of UPS, he recently announced he will depart in

June after having served the company for five pivotal years.
The United Parcel Service, commonly referred to as UPS, operates in

over 200 countries and territories, with 500,000 employees globally,

including nearly 7,000 in the state of Minnesota.
Each day, 22.3

million packages and documents make their way through the UPS network.
Hockey players thrive under pressure, rely on their teammates, and

appreciate the rewards of hard work, dedication, focus and discipline.
Brian, a fellow ice hockey player and fan, embodies the hockey ethic.
Brian began his career in 1990 as an investment banker working for

PaineWebber in New York City.
He then spent 26 years with PepsiCo and

served in a variety of finance leadership roles spanning Europe, Asia,

and North and South America.
He also served as Executive Vice-President

for PepsiCo's Global Operations and as Chief Strategy Officer.
During his five-year tenure as UPS's Chief Financial Officer, Brian

navigated the company through some challenging situations.
Under his

leadership, Brian delivered results that supported employees, customers

and communities.
His list of accomplishments during just five years

with UPS is impactful, and his leadership through the COVID-l9 pandemic

cannot be overstated.
He has left an indelible mark on UPS's people.
Brian is an effective executive and financial expert, always ensuring

his people, investors and shareholders understand the complexities of

UPS's financial standing.
He is a trusted advisor to his peers, a

leader for UPS employees around the world, and a member of UPS's

executive leadership team.
Brian embodies UPS's purpose statement of

moving our world forward by delivering what matters.
Brian also serves on the board of Colgate-Palmolive as well as his

alma mater, Georgetown University and Delbarton School.
A native of New

Jersey, he still considers the tri-state area his home.
I know Brian will be missed by all who had the opportunity to work

with him throughout his impressive career.