Brian also serves on the board of Colgate-Palmolive as well as his

alma mater, Georgetown University and Delbarton School.
A native of New

Jersey, he still considers the tri-state area his home.
I know Brian will be missed by all who had the opportunity to work

with him throughout his impressive career.
His positive impact on UPS

will continue to be felt for years to come.
We all wish Brian, his

wife, Lynne, and their children, Kendall, Shay, Conor and Finley, the

best as they begin the journey ahead of them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTOPHER RHODES

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Christopher Rhodes who

serves as a volunteer Board Member for the local non-profit,

Brooksville Main Street.
These outstanding volunteers put in hundreds

of hours while running their businesses and organizations.
They have

all come together for a common cause--to serve the community by

bringing much-loved events to downtown Brooksville.
Each of these board

members have servant hearts, and their dedication and commitment to our

community is impressive.
Part of what makes our country so great is the

willingness of ordinary Americans to go above and beyond to selflessly

give back to others.
Volunteerism is one of the cornerstones of our

society and part of the fabric that unites us.
It is clear that Mr. Rhodes and his fellow board members have made a

profoundly positive impact on our community, and I am grateful for his

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOHN VIGIL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Vigil for

earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
John has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like John, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to John's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate John Vigil on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KYRII PETRALIA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kyrii Petralia

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Kyrii has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Kyrii, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Kyrii's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

The Manning School of Academics and Arts and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Kyrii Petralia on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THERESA M. CLAIBORNE, THE FIRST

AFRICAN AMERICAN FEMALE PILOT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lt.
Colonel

Theresa M. Claiborne, who was the first African American female pilot

in the United States Air Force.
Aside from her many accomplishments,

Clairborne is flying her last commercial flight this month.
Captain Claiborne was born on May 25, 1959, to Wayne Morris, Sr.
and

Dorothy Claiborne in Emporia, Virginia.
She attended California State

University, Sacramento, where she earned a degree in Communication,

Culture, and Media in 1981.