Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the career and legacy of La

Shelle Dozier as she retires from her position as executive director of

the Sacramento Housing and Redevelopment Agency (SHRA), where she has

served my constituents for over twenty-three years.
I ask all of my

colleagues to join me to acknowledge her distinguished career.
Since first joining SHRA in 2002, La Shelle has been integral to the

agency's operations and has had a transformative effect on affordable

housing opportunities in Sacramento.
Starting as a management analyst,

La Shelle quickly learned every facet of the Sacramento housing

industry.
She rose very quickly to managing the transformation of South

Sacramento's Franklin Villa into the 360-unit Phoenix Park.
She also

directed resident services and oversaw the Housing Choice Voucher

program that today supports more than 13,000 of my constituents with up

to 100 percent of their rent needs.
La Shelle formally took leadership of SHRA in 2008, where she

successfully pushed the agency to transform legacy projects into model

affordable housing developments that continue to inspire communities

across the country to

do more to address the housing crisis.
In 2012, I worked with La Shelle

and SHRA to secure a $300,000 planning grant to begin the process of

redeveloping the Twin Rivers public housing project, now called Marisol

Village, an affordable housing project.
Thirteen years of partnership

later, and after securing over $32 million in federal funding, Marisol

Village is now double its original size at 427 units.
Most importantly

the community now provides my constituents with vital resources, like a

full suite of resident services, green space, childcare facilities, a

light rail station and cultural amenities, right at their doorstep.
I

am proud to have worked with La Shelle to create real positive impact

with Sacramento's federal tax dollars right here in our community.
La Shelle Dozier's tenure at SHRA is a shining example of what makes

Sacramento special.
La Shelle knows firsthand that often it takes a

village to build a village.
Time and time again I have joined La Shelle

in support of SHRA's projects and witnessed her build a wide coalition

of local, state and federal partners to bring a safe and healthy home

to those who need it most.
The work that La Shelle and her team have

done is truly indicative of why I love our region.
Here in Sacramento,

we lift up our community and seek to create positive and lasting

impacts for all Sacramentans.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the career

and legacy of the SHRA Executive Director, La Shelle Dozier.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT HUMBERTO VERGARA AS A DISTINGUISHED FIRST RESPONDER

LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

_____

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, as a dedicated Osceola County Fire Rescue

Lieutenant with 32 years of service, Lieutenant Humberto Vergara has

built a career centered on ensuring the well-being, preparedness, and

safety of firefighters and the communities they serve.
With a passion

for leadership, health, and physical fitness, Lieutenant Vergara leads

by example, fostering a culture of resilience and excellence within not

only Osceola County Fire Rescue, but across the entire state of

Florida.
Specializing in health and safety initiatives, Lieutenant Vergara is

the health and safety

chairman at Osceola County Fire Rescue and has successfully developed

and implemented programs aimed at reducing workplace injuries,

enhancing physical readiness, promoting mental wellness, and preventing

cancer.
His hands-on approach to fitness training and safety education

has equipped firefighters with the tools and confidence needed to

perform their duties effectively under the most challenging conditions.
Lieutenant Vergara was a founding member of the Florida Firefighter

Fitness Collaborative, established in 2011.
Their mission was to offer

``Wellness Mutual Aid'' to other fire departments across the state that

pursued the implementation and/or maintenance of their wellness/fitness

programs, such as the IAFF Wellness Fitness Initiative.