This accomplishment serves as a reminder that rural America must

never be left behind.
I commend Tombigbee Electric Cooperative for its

steadfast dedication and leadership, and I look forward to seeing the

continued benefits this investment will bring to the people of

Northwest Alabama.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, October 7, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 8

Time to be announced

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeremiah

Workman, of Ohio, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor

for Veterans' Employment and Training.
S-216

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 1070, to establish a

National STEM Week to promote American innovation and

enhance STEM education pathways for all students,

including those in rural, urban, and underserved

communities, S. 2126, to reauthorize the Integrated

Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S.

2245, to amend the Digital Coast Act to improve the

acquisition, integration, and accessibility of data of

the Digital Coast program and to extend the program, S.

2357, to reauthorize the Young Fishermen's Development

Act, S. 2563, to direct the Secretary of Commerce, in

coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal

departments and agencies, to conduct an interagency

review of and report to Congress on ways to increase

the global competitiveness of the United States in

attracting foreign direct investment, S. 2666, to

direct the Federal Communications Commission to

establish a taskforce on unlawful robocalls, an

original bill entitled, ``PIPELINE Safety Act of

2025'', and the nominations of Joyce Meyer, of

Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs,

and Harry Kumar, of New York, to be an Assistant

Secretary, both of the Department of Commerce, and

Seval Oz, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary

of Transportation; to be immediately followed by

hearings to examine big tech and silencing Americans.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ho Nieh,

of Alabama, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory

Commission, and Douglas Troutman, of Maryland, to be

Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan

Greenstein, of New York, to be a Deputy Under

Secretary, Donald Korb, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel

for the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant

General Counsel, and Derek Theurer, of Virginia, to be

a Deputy Under Secretary, all of the Department of the

Treasury.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine labor law reform part 1,

focusing on diagnosing the issues and exploring current

proposals.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine the Patent Eligibility

Restoration Act, focusing on restoring clarity,

certainty, and predictability to the United States

patent system.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider the nomination of William

Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small

Business Administration.