He began his career in public service in 1989 when he joined the

Richmond Sheriff's Office.
After five years of distinguished service in

Richmond, Lt.
Col.
Shabazz decided to join the Fairfax County Sheriff's

Office in March of 1994 after taking a tour of the Adult Detention

Center (ADC) and liking what he saw.
Since his graduation from the Fairfax County Criminal Justice

Academy, he has spent the majority of his career in the ADC but has

served with distinction in all areas of the agency, including court

security and internal affairs.
Throughout his time in each division and

rank, Lt.
Col.
Shabazz made his mark on his colleagues and the Fairfax

County Sheriff Stacey Kincaid.
Sheriff Kincaid ended up offering

Shabazz the position to serve as her Chief Deputy in 2022, despite his

nearing retirement.
Knowing he had more service to give, he accepted

and obtained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
When taking over the position of Chief Deputy of Operations, Shabazz

was confident in his skills in operations and was looking forward to

being responsible for both the ADC and all of their support services.
Sheriff Kincaid described him as being ``the gold standard of

leadership in [the] agency,'' and that he ``brings with him a mentality

of getting to yes and finding a way over, around, or through any

obstacle to get the job done.''
His appointment to this position was

also historic, as he became the first African American Lieutenant

Colonel and Chief Deputy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Lt.
Colonel Jabar Shabazz on his retirement.
On behalf of myself and the

citizens of Fairfax County, I thank him and his family for his

honorable 31 years of selfless service to our Nation.
Fairfax County is

the safest jurisdiction of its size, and that is in no small part due

to the dedication of individuals like Lt.
Col.
Shabazz.
Best wishes for

a safe and happy retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OCTOBER AS NATIONAL SPINE HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH

_____

HON.
JAMES R. WALKINSHAW

Mr. WALKINSHAW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask that my colleagues

join me in recognizing October as National Spine Health Awareness

Month.
In the U.S., 100 million people suffer from neck or back conditions

every year according to the CDC.
Back pain is the number one cause of

missed workdays, the leading cause of job-related disability and pain

in the U.S., and the most common non-cancer related reason for an

opioid prescription in the U.S. In addition, those with back and neck

pain are four times more likely to become clinically depressed.
The National Spine Health Foundation, located in my district in

Reston, Virginia, is the only national patient-centered non-profit

dedicated to helping patients overcome debilitating spinal conditions

and take back their lives.
For over two decades, the Foundation has

increased its commitment to and has developed award winning patient

education, advocacy, and research work to give patients the tools they

need to make informed decisions about their spine health and navigate

their own treatment journeys with confidence.
To further address the complex challenges of spinal health, the

Foundation has created four specialized task forces led by experts in

their fields.
The Opioid Task Force which has advanced research on minimizing

opioid use while still optimizing pain relief.
The Bone Health Task Force promotes bone health screening protocols,

research, and public education.
The Military & Veterans Task Force works to ensure that service

members and veterans receive advanced, appropriate spine care.
Finally, the Motion Preservation Task Force ensures patients and

providers have access to lifechanging motion-preserving procedures,

focusing on artificial disc replacement.
The Foundation continues to be strongly committed to spine health

research.
Patient reported outcomes have long been part of fabric of

NSHF since its inception.