In 1891, the property was purchased from him by church

Trustees: John E. Coates, Joshua Ball, and Joshua Pearson for the sum

of five dollars.
FBCM is a church formed from strong community family

ties and has remained steadfastly community focused since.
FBCM remains a vital part of our district today by partnering with

neighbors and local organizations to fulfill local needs through

service projects, food and supply drives, youth programs, and many

other community-centered initiatives.
Through these efforts, FBCM

continues to foster a spirit of faith, service, collaboration, and

compassion throughout our district.
Over the past 155 years, FBCM has been led by 13 pastors and 2

interim pastors.
Each one contributing to the growth of FBCM and

leaving behind their own unique legacy of service.
A few of those

contributions include: the establishment of the Golden Ages Senior

Saints Ministry, the construction of the Merrifield Child Development

Center, the recovery of the original church bell, the creation of a

youth mentoring program with Luther Jackson Middle School, the

development of a tutoring outreach program targeting local students,

and much more.
FBCM and its congregation lead by faith and example in

our community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending First

Baptist Church of Merrifield for its efforts to better the Northern

Virginia region.
Achieving 155 years of ministry is a milestone worth

celebrating.
It is a privilege to work alongside this great

congregation in the community, and I wish them continued success

through faith, family, and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE TOMBIGBEE ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE'S ACHIEVEMENTS

_____

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight the completion

of Tombigbee Electric Cooperative's commitment to bring reliable, high-

speed fiber internet access to more than 100,000 residents in Northwest

Alabama.
Tombigbee Electric Cooperative was established to meet the need for

electricity among citizens in the rural areas of Northwest Alabama.
Since its founding in 1941, Tombigbee has demonstrated an unwavering

dedication to serving its community and strengthening the area it

surrounds.
Over the decades, the cooperative has provided safe and

provide safe and reliable electric power and fiber-to-the-home

internet.
In 2017, Tombigbee Electric Cooperative set forth an ambitious goal

to provide high-quality, high-speed internet service to 100,000 people

across Northwest Alabama.
Today, that goal has been achieved.
Through the installation of more than 4,200 miles of fiber and a

total investment of $145 million, made possible by $37 million in state

and federal grants, as well as a $100 million investment by the

cooperative itself, Tombigbee Electric Cooperative has delivered on its

promise to bridge the digital divide for rural Alabamians.
Mr. Speaker, this milestone represents more than the completion of a

project, it signifies a lasting investment in the prosperity and

potential of rural communities.
Thousands of citizens will now reap the

benefits of this achievement, including expanded educational

opportunities, strengthened economic development, improved access to

health care, and an enhanced quality of life for countless families and

businesses.
Tombigbee Electric Cooperative has demonstrated that when vision,

leadership, and commitment to community are combined, meaningful

progress can be made.
This accomplishment serves as a reminder that rural America must

never be left behind.
I commend Tombigbee Electric Cooperative for its

steadfast dedication and leadership, and I look forward to seeing the

continued benefits this investment will bring to the people of

Northwest Alabama.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.