His hands-on approach to fitness training and safety education

has equipped firefighters with the tools and confidence needed to

perform their duties effectively under the most challenging conditions.
Lieutenant Vergara was a founding member of the Florida Firefighter

Fitness Collaborative, established in 2011.
Their mission was to offer

``Wellness Mutual Aid'' to other fire departments across the state that

pursued the implementation and/or maintenance of their wellness/fitness

programs, such as the IAFF Wellness Fitness Initiative.
Lieutenant Vergara currently serves on the Florida Firefighters

Safety and Health Collaborative, which focuses on areas of firefighter

cancer prevention, health and fitness, mental wellness, and firefighter

safety.
Through the FFSHC, Bert chairs the health and safety section

for the state of Florida.
Bert also serves as a member of the First

Responder Center of Excellence, Health, Wellness, and Fitness Advisory

Committee.
He also serves as an advisor on the IAFF Wellness Fitness

Initiative Taskforce.
Lieutenant Vergara continuously seeks opportunities for professional

development to stay at the forefront of emerging health and safety

practices.
He remains committed to mentoring firefighters, cultivating

teamwork, and creating sustainable strategies to improve overall

firefighter performance.
Lieutenant Vergara was recently the recipient of the University of

Miami Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, Firefighter Cancer

Initiative, Commitment Award for his contributions to improve the

health and wellness of Florida's firefighters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CLEMENCY HOME RULE ACT

_____

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Clemency Home Rule Act, which would give the District of Columbia

exclusive authority to grant clemency for D.C. crimes.
Currently, the

president exercises the authority to grant clemency for D.C.

crimes, though presidents rarely do so.
D.C. residents deserve a say in

whether their fellow residents deserve mercy.
In the 117th Congress,

the House Committee on Oversight and Reform passed this bill as part of

the District of Columbia Home Rule Expansion Act of 2022 (H.R. 8861).
While D.C. law appears to give the mayor authority to grant clemency

for certain D.C. crimes (D.C. Code 1-301.76), under current practice,

clemency petitions for D.C. crimes, like federal crimes, are submitted

to the Department of Justice for the president's consideration.
The states and territories have full control over their criminal

justice systems, including clemency.
D.C. also should have full control

over its criminal justice system.
Since the D.C. Council has authority

to enact local D.C. laws, D.C. officials are in the best position to

grant clemency for D.C. crimes.
This bill would give D.C. authority to

use any type of clemency system.
This bill is an important step in expanding D.C. home rule.
I urge my

colleagues to support it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL JABAR SHABAZZ ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE

FAIRFAX COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE

_____

HON.
JAMES R. WALKINSHAW

Mr. WALKINSHAW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lt.
Colonel Jabar

Shabazz, who is retiring after 31 years of faithful service to our

Nation, culminating in his service as lieutenant colonel, the highest

rank in the Sheriff's Office, immediately below Sheriff.
Lt.
Col.
Shabazz has always been a competitive and driven person, as

was apparent in his days as a college basketball player.
He attended

Virginia State University on a four-year athletic scholarship and

played small forward.
In his senior year, his team won the Central

Intercollegiate Athletic Association championship.
While his goal was

to join the NBA, Shabazz ended up meeting several folks who worked for

the Richmond Sheriff's Office when he was playing in a summer league

after college.
He began his career in public service in 1989 when he joined the

Richmond Sheriff's Office.
After five years of distinguished service in

Richmond, Lt.
Col.