9:45 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Crystal

Carey, of New Jersey, to be General Counsel, and Scott

Mayer, of Pennsylvania, and James Murphy, of Maryland,

both to be a Member, all of the National Labor

Relations Board, and Rosario Palmieri, of Virginia, to

be an Assistant Secretary, and Anthony D'Esposito, of

New York, to be Inspector General, both of the

Department of Labor.
10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine AI's potential to support

patients, workers, children, and families.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Rebecca

L. Taibleson, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Seventh Circuit, David A. Bragdon and

Lindsey Ann Freeman, both to be a United States

District Judge for the Middle District of North

Carolina, Robert P. Chamberlin and James D. Maxwell II,

both to be a United States District Judge for the

Northern District of Mississippi, Matthew E. Orso and

Susan Courtwright Rodriguez, both to be a United States

District Judge for the Western District of North

Carolina, Sara Bailey, of Texas, to be Director of

National Drug Control Policy, Braden Boucek, to be

United States Attorney for the Middle District of

Tennessee for the term of four years, Dominick Gerace

II, to be United States Attorney for the Southern

District of Ohio for the term of four years, Jerome

Francis Gorgon, Jr., to be United States Attorney for

the Eastern District of Michigan for the term of four

years, James Kruger, to be United States Attorney for

the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of

four years, Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney

for the Northern District of Mississippi for the term

of four years, Bryan Stirling, to be United States

Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the

term of four years, Thomas Wheeler II, to be United

States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana

for the term of four years, Thomas Albus, to be United

States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri

for the term of four years, and Adam Mildred, of

Indiana, to be United States Attorney for the Northern

District of Indiana for the term of four years.
OCTOBER 22

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 2130, to make

improvements to the AUKUS partnership, S. 2424, to

require a report of, and a strategy to combat, arms

sales of the Government of the People's Republic of

China, S. 1744, to amend the Arms Export Control Act to

include Taiwan among the list of recipient countries

with respect to which shorter certification and

reporting periods apply and to expedite licensing for

allies transferring military equipment to Taiwan, S.

2626, to strengthen the leadership role of the United

States at the Inter-American Development Bank, S. 2146,

to require the United States Executive Director at the

International Monetary Fund to advocate for increased

transparency with respect to exchange rate policies of

the People's Republic of China, S. 2550, to provide for

international cooperation to secure critical mineral

supply chains, S. 1854, to require the imposition of

sanctions with respect to political and economic elites

in Haiti, S. 2657, to impose sanctions relating to the

support of the People's Republic of China for the

invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, S. 2018,

to modify certain limitations and exclusions regarding

defense articles and requirements regarding security

assistance and sales with respect to the Republic of

Cyprus, S. 799, to establish and implement a multi-year

Legal Gold and Mining Partnership Strategy to reduce

the negative environmental and social impacts of

illicit gold mining in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2684,

to support countries in Latin America and the Caribbean

that maintain official diplomatic relations with

Taiwan, to counter efforts by the People's Republic of

China to coerce or pressure governments into breaking

such ties, to deepen coordination with Taiwan on

diplomatic, development, and economic engagement in the

Western Hemisphere, S. 2224, to amend the Taiwan Allies

International Protection and Enhancement Initiative

(TAIPEI) Act of 2019 to provide that the United States,

in its role as a member of any international

organizations, should oppose any attempts by the

People's Republic of China to resolve Taiwan's status

by distorting the decisions, language, policies, or

procedures of any such organization, S. 2918, to amend

the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for

Ukrainians Act to improve the implementation of the

seizure of Russian sovereign assets for the benefit of

Ukraine, S. 1000, to establish an Ambassador-at-Large

for Arctic Affairs, S. Res.