Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I am grateful to recognize the 120th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the United States of America and the Republic.
September 19, 2023, marks the 120th anniversary of the establishment Republic.
The first United States Diplomatic Agent to Bulgaria, John B. Jackson, presented his credentials on September 19, 1903.
The first Special Envoy and Minister Plenipotentiary of Bulgaria to the United States, Stefan Panaretov, presented his credentials to President Woodrow Wilson on December 22, 1914.
Today Bulgaria is well represented in Washington by Ambassador Georgi Aanayotor who also was an election observer for the South Carolina Presidential Primary in the tradition of former Ambassador Elena Poptodorova.
The enduring ties between the two nations are exemplified by the founding of the American College of Sofia, dating back to a school opened by American missionaries in Bulgaria in 1860.
On September 25, 2023, the United States and Bulgaria held the second high-level Strategic Dialogue to advance their bilateral, regional, and global agenda and to further enhance cooperation as friends, Allies, and partners.
The United States and Bulgaria stand together as North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Allies, determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage, and civilization of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law, seeking to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area.
They have signed numerous important documents in key areas, including defense and security cooperation, 5G security, civil nuclear cooperation, science and technology, and combating foreign disinformation and propaganda.
The United States and Bulgaria stand united against aggression and terror, condemning in the strongest possible terms Russia's brutal and unprovoked war of aggression against Ukraine, and the heinous attacks on the Israeli people by the terrorist organization Hamas.
Bulgaria remains committed to the collective defense, as exemplified by hosting a NATO battlegroup with United States participation, and by establishing a NATO littoral countries mine countermeasures task force to secure freedom of navigation in the Black Sea.
Prior to becoming a NATO member and subsequently, as an ally, Bulgaria participated in the United States-led and NATO missions and operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Kosovo, and the Mediterranean.
Bulgaria was among the very first countries to denounce terrorism and pledge active support to the United States in the fight against terrorism following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
Bulgaria provided overflight and basing rights at the town of Bourgas for Operation Enduring Freedom, representing the first stationing of foreign forces in Bulgaria since World War II, and Bulgaria deployed a nuclear, biological, and chemical protection detachment to Afghanistan as part of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).
The United States and Bulgaria recognize that Russia's full-scale invasion Black Sea region, and the need to ensure that the region remains free and secure from threats posed by Russia and other malign actors.
The bilateral Defense Cooperation Agreement (DCA) was signed in 2006, regulating the status of forces, allowing for joint United StatesBulgarian military facilities, providing for bilateral and multilateral exercises, and facilitating the movement and temporary stationing of aircraft and vessels.
Bulgaria continues to invest in defense capabilities, interoperability, and the development of a credible defense posture in cooperation with the United States, as exemplified by the purchase of sixteen F-16 Block 70 fighter jets from the United States, and intending to purchase United States Stryker combat vehicles.
The United States and Bulgaria share the understanding that energy security is crucial component of national security, and Bulgaria has made significant progress in reducing its dependency on Russian energy resources and in diversifying its energy sector in collaboration with the United States.
The two nations acknowledge the significance of intensifying their cooperation in innovations, research, and emerging technologies.
The people-to-people exchanges between the United States and Bulgaria are vital for bolstering the bilateral relationship and Bulgaria has made progress towards meeting criteria for visa-free travel of Bulgarian citizens to the United States.
The shared commitment to counter disinformation and hybrid threats was demonstrated by the signing of a bilateral Memorandum of Understanding on Countering Foreign Information Manipulation on September 25, 2023.
The year 2023 marks the 80th anniversary of the historic rescue of 50,000 Bulgarian Jews during the World War II.
It is acknowledged with regret and sadness that 11,343 Jews were deported to Nazi concentration camps from Macedonia, Thrace, and Pirot, territories administered by Bulgaria at that time.