Protect Act.
Mr. Colligan's tireless advocacy on behalf of New Jersey police will be honored and appreciated for years to come.
Patrick Colligan began his career in law enforcement in August 1992 at the age of 27 with the Franklin Township Police Department He graduated from Class 9-92 of the Somerset County Police Academy, where he served as class president and was the recipient of an academy leadership award.
During his law enforcement career, Patrick received more than a dozen awards, citations, and commendations.
He is a founding member of the County Firewatch Program, a preventive program for juvenile fire setters.
He also is a charter member of the County Arson Task Force.
During his storied thirty-year career in law enforcement, Patrick has worked on and has taken part in thousands of investigations as a Detective from thefts to homicides.
On July 1, 2014, Patrick became President of the 32,000-member-strong New Jersey State Policemen's Benevolent Association, one of the largest in the country.
In his capacity as PBA President, Patrick has developed very strong relationships throughout New Jersey.
Within just a few years in his role, Patrick made a significant mark on the organization.
Since 2017, he has been consistently ranked in the Insider NJ ``100 Policymaker Power List'' and the NJ Globe ``100 Power List.''
Patrick was appointed by Governor Jon Corzine to the Task Force on Police Suicides, which developed a successful video and program to curtail what was an alarming trend of police suicides.
Governor Corzine also appointed him to the New Jersey Public Employment Relations Commission (PERC) where he proudly served from 2009 to 2011.
I salute 
Mr. Colligan for his steadfast leadership of New Jersey State PBA and his lifelong commitment to public service.
He has notched an amazing record of legislative accomplishments that help keep our communities safe and ensure law enforcement have the resources they need to protect and serve.
Jersey is truly lucky to have Patrick as a champion of what I believe are the greatest law enforcement officers in the country.
I wish him a restful retirement with his wife, Lynette, and his wonderful family.