Representatives, Tom Coyne dedicated four years of his life to the U S. Army, serving with honor in the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment, ``The Old Guard'' Unit.
His military service concluded in 1984, and he then pursued his passion for numbers, earning a degree in Accounting from George Mason University.
Tom began his career at the House in February 1991 as an equipment counselor in the Office Equipment Services, and due to his excellent service, he was promoted through many positions, leading up to his role as Chief Logistics Officer.
Tom assisted with multiple computer system implementations, which include the fixed asset and inventory management system (FAIMS), work ticketing, point of sale, finance, and online flag ordering systems.
Additionally, Tom was instrumental in initiating and managing the first Office Services department, allowing offices to request CAO support and services more quickly.
For 33 years, Tom's logistical, technical, analytical, communication, and financial skills have not just served the House, they have enriched it.
His commitment and dedication have provided a wealth of institutional knowledge, resulting in numerous successful initiatives and programs.
He has been a pillar of support during all significant events over the past three decades, such as 9/11, Anthrax, the pandemic, 17 Congressional transitions, five Inaugurations, and nine House leadership changes.
His professionalism, solid presence, and unwavering confidence has been a source of reassurance for his team, the Chief Administrative Office, and the U.S. House.
While Tom's physical presence will be missed in the halls, his legacy will continue to guide us.
The Logistics & Support employees will continue to rely on his example, asking themselves daily, ``What would Tom do?''
This commitment ensures that the House Members will continue to receive the best service, a testament to Tom's lasting impact.
In retirement, Tom looks forward to embarking on new adventures.
He plans to spend more time exploring the world with his wife, Susan, and cherishing family moments with his sons, Tom and wife Amanda, Joe, James, and daughter Jennifer.
The most recent addition to the family is his grandson, Henry, who will undoubtedly bring joy and laughter to their lives.
Tom is excited about the opportunities and future endeavors that retirement will bring, and we wish him all the best in his new chapter.
On behalf of the entire House community, we extend our warmest congratulations to Tom Coyne.
We celebrate his many years of dedication and outstanding contributions to the U.S. House.
We wish Tom many wonderful years in fulfilling his retirement dreams.
May this new chapter be filled with joy, adventure, and fulfillment.