Mr. D'ESPOSITO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Bobby Kalotee, a distinguished civic leader on Long Island who has lived the American dream.
He came here from India as an immigrant with a desire to serve the communities he now called home.
For over four decades now, he either led or participated in a multitude of community projects, organizations and charitable work for the people of not just Nassau County but across New York State and beyond.
Though he chaired several political parties, he never viewed politics as a sport for gain but as a vehicle for advocacy and civic duty.
He sought to address the issues that afflicted countless lives regardless of their zip code of social status.
As a Major in the New York State Guard, Dr. Kalotee serves in the Division of Military and Naval Affairs and as a General in the United States Disaster Relief Command, which oversees operations that are vital to all Long Islanders.
Here at home, Dr. Kalotee served as the Director and Vice Chair of the Counsel for Stony Brook University's Brookhaven National Labs and continues to serve on the board of the New York Institute.
As the Chairman of the Nassau County Human Rights Commission, Dr. Kalotee has even personally witnessed many elections both here and abroad and has been invited to attend the inaugurations of several esteemed heads of state.
As mentioned, Dr. Kalotee has also been involved in work overseas, having been appointed as a special liaison to South Asia and an advisor to the United Nations' Grenada Mission and providing medical services to over 7,000 people in cities across Central America.
His humanitarian efforts and work with the UN even earned him the privilege to be a guest speaker before the General Assembly for multiple sessions.
Dr. Kalotee is an American with a passion to serve and look after his communities, a duty of which I understand and appreciate the importance.
In the words of his organization's motto, ``there is no better gift one can give to humanity than good health.''
On behalf of myself and all Long Islanders, we give Bobby, my brother, our upmost gratitude for his service.