Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a visionary advocate and leader in my state who, for decades, has worked to improve the lives of her fellow citizens.
Over her influential career, Mary Henderson has worked as an attorney and co-founded a legal aid and economic justice nonprofit--among many other roles--to consistently address root causes of poverty.
Mary's advocacy for Maine people began at Pine Tree Legal Assistance, a nonprofit organization which provides free civil legal assistance.
As a staff attorney, Mary tirelessly provided representation on a variety of cases.
Under Mary's guidance, countless people were able to access government supports for which they were eligible but had previously been improperly denied.
In 1996, Mary co-founded Maine Equal Justice, a nonprofit civil legal aid and economic justice organization.
In her role as Executive Director, Mary assisted in the acquisition of a location and the securing of funds to create a sustainable and reliable resource for Maine's most vulnerable populations.
Through her defense of government programs for public healthcare, education access, and housing and food security, Mary's work has improved the lives of thousands of Maine people.
Since leaving Maine Equal Justice, Mary has brought her expertise and unwavering dedication to the Office of Substance Abuse, Maine Department of Labor, Office of Maine Care Services, National Academy for State Health Policy, Maine Children's Alliance, and Preble Street Resource Center.
In each of her roles, Mary has intentionally centered the voices and experiences of the people of Maine who are served by these critical government and anti-poverty programs.
I had the great pleasure of working with Mary during my years in the State House and was able to see firsthand how the State of Maine benefitted from her knowledge, skills, and advocacy.
I am very proud to represent her and the State of Maine in Congress.
I wish Mary continued success, and I wholeheartedly thank her for her many years of influential work.