Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of Fort Worth native Joseph Garnett Scott, otherwise affectionately known by many as ``Coach Scott'' by many in the community.
Joe was a pillar of our community and was well-known around Fort Worth as 1 of the most dapper and well-dressed men in the city.
Joe was born in 1953 and was a member.
Carmel Baptist Church for many years.
Joe got his education in the Fort Worth Independent School District and graduated from Polytechnic High School, where he was an all-district athlete in football and track.
He would go on to earn his bachelor's degree at Howard Payne University in Brownwood, Texas; there, he continued a successful football career as a 3-year starter.
He obtained his master's degree at Tarleton State University in Stephenville, Texas.
Joe spent many years serving our community as a teacher.
He started his career in the Fort Worth Independent School District as a Physical Education teacher assistant and track coach at William James Middle School, where his team was successful and won many awards on the track.
He then became a Physical Education teacher and head football, track, and soccer coach at Wedgwood Middle School, where his teams were both dominant on the field and track.
He would later transition to high school as a ninth-grade English teacher and football and track coach at Paul Laurence Dunbar High School.
He was known by many for having a gift for forming positive relationships with his students and athletes.
Joe's first administrative position as an Assistant Principal at Handley Middle School, where he consistently supported leadership, students, faculty, and staff.
Joe then progressed to an Assistant Principal at Dunbar High School.
As a high school assistant principal, his days were filled with working with students and faculty, along with attending many games and activities throughout the school year.
Joe's first principalship was at Dunbar 6th Grade Center.
Joe thought it was most important that the building reflected a safe, welcoming, and attractive learning environment at all times.
For the next 10 years, he was fortunate enough to become principal of his alma mater, Polytechnic High School.
His years as the instructional leader of the Poly Parrot Community brought years of hard work.
determination, and accomplishments.
After this, for the next several years, his love for fashion and style led him to work in the retail industry.
Soon after, he felt a strong desire to return to the world of education as a substitute teacher and administrator, where he continued to touch many lives throughout the district.
Joe was also a family man who was a loving husband and father.
He was always the life of the party, cracking jokes and enjoying whatever food had been prepared.
He was also known for being a ``Master'' Gardener.
He spent endless hours planting flowers and consistently maintaining a manicured yard.
He put just as much thought into planning his daily coordinated ``outfits''.
He is survived by his loving wife of 43 years, Patricia Scott, his children, Tracy Carter, Kena Nicole Knox Brown, Evin Scott, and Whitney Scott; grandchildren Maxine, Connor, and London, Aunt, Willie B Jones, Great-Aunt Macie Bonner and a host of relatives and friends.
May his memory live on forever.