Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I must shed light on the growing public safety concern regarding gun violence.
In 2022, firearm injury was the 12th leading cause of death in the United States.
Every day, 120 Americans are killed with guns.
And each year, hundreds of law enforcement officers lose their lives to gun violence, having been shot to death while protecting their communities.
Our government's continued lack of proactivity towards preventing gun violence has led to countless, unnecessary deaths.
Countless lives have been cut far too short, and countless families have had to experience the excruciating pain of knowing their loved one will never make it back home.
And although gun violence affects us all, I would like to highlight the disproportionate effect of gun violence on Black communities.
Black Americans are 10 times more likely than white Americans to die by gun homicide.
Black Americans are three times more likely than white Americans to be fatally shot by police.
And while Black Americans made up 12.5 percent of the United States population in 2020, they were the victims in 61 percent of all gun homicides.
According to the American Progress, ``this is due to a combination of weak gun laws; systemic racial inequities, including unequal access to safe housing and adequate educational and employment opportunities; and a history of disinvestment in public infrastructure and services in the communities of color most affected by gun violence.''
Discriminatory and unjust policies and practices such as slavery and Jim Crow are the reason that Black communities are still struggling to overcome the inequities in our society today.
Time and time again our country has forced Black Americans to pay the price for its sins, causing countless lives to be lost in the process.
Instead of acknowledging this public safety concern, our government continues to choose to remain ignorant, crafting a narrative of a war on the Second Amendment.
So, allow me to be clear: I support the Second Amendment.
But I will not sit idly by and hear the abuse of the far right's interpretation of the Second Amendment.
In June 2022, the Supreme Court took a radical step when it ruled in New York State Rifle & Pistol Association Inc.
V. Bruen that the right to carry a weapon or self-defense extends to outside the home.
In this case, plaintiffs challenged the 100-year old New York state handgun licensing law requiring individuals to show proper cause before they can be licensed to carry a concealed weapon in public.
The Court ultimately ruled New York's concealed carry law unconstitutional, extending the right to own a gun for self-defense in the home to exist outside the home as well.
This decision altered the well-established test for evaluating gun safety laws and threatens the lives of millions around the country.
The Court's decision sheds light to a growing misinterpretation of the Second Amendment.
As both a legislature and a legal scholar, I must point out that the Second Amendment is not absolute.
No where in the Second Amendment does it prohibit regulating guns.
How dare we sit by when lives are being lost and act as though there is nothing we can do?
Is there no sense of responsibility to provide restrictions to save lives?
Our role in Congress is to ensure that we utilize every tool available to us to keep our cities safe.
We need to reimagine public safety by holding law enforcement officers who violate the public trust accountable, using public health resources to address mental health crises, and ensuring all communities are not overpoliced, well-resourced with access to job opportunities, affordable childcare, and capable social services to improve the quality of life.
We need to increase the use of civilian responders deployed to incidents involving mental health concerns and disturbances or disputes.
We need to strengthen governmental agencies dedicated to violence intervention and neighborhood safety.
We need to pass legislation such as H.R. 52, the Kimberly Vaughn Firearm Safe Storage Act, a bill I introduced which establishes best practices for safe firearm storage to protect Americans, especially children, from improperly stored or misused firearms.
We need to pass legislation, such as H.R. 48 the Gun Violence Reduction Resources Act of 2023, which will work to hire additional Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosive agents and investigators to enforce gun laws.
We need to focus on mental health and pass legislation such as H.R. 46 the Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act, which will authorize funding to increase