Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Honorable Cynthia Doty, long time resident of the Upper West Side, political activist, and Democratic District Leader, who passed away in Manhattan at the age of 72 on July 17, 2023.
I first met Cynthia 30 years ago working in local Democratic politics.
I worked alongside her former boss Assemblymember Ed Sullivan in the New York State Assembly.
Cynthia served 9 years as his Legislative Associate and Special Assistant.
In Albany, she drafted legislation and negotiated budgets.
In the district, she advocated on behalf of thousands of constituents to protect their housing and deliver needed services.
Cynthia was a major force in the Three Parks Independent Democrats political club and served as its President and as District Leader.
Cynthia was kind, honest, and skilled at her position, and was both respected and beloved within the community.
She was extremely reliable--if she said she was going to get something done, it would always get done--and she was a gracious host to me and others who visited her political club frequently.
Under her leadership, the club members were very active in gathering petition signatures and mobilizing the vote in our area for countless elected officials at all levels of politics from District Leader to Congressman, Senator, and President.
Cynthia and her club did the work to help get Democrats elected across the country--not just in New York--and organized bus trips to Connecticut and Pennsylvania to get out the votes.
She ran phone banks that reached voters across the country and was always finding ways for volunteers to get involved and fight for causes they believed in.
She was my guest at both inaugurations of President Obama and frequently attended marches and protests on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
She opposed the war in Iraq, supported a woman's right to choose, and defended LGBTQ+ rights.
She supported community farms and was a member of a CSA (community supported agriculture) where she enjoyed volunteering.
Cynthia was born into a Democratic family in Philadelphia in 1951, where she developed her progressive principles and a deep commitment to public service.
Cynthia went to public school, co-chaired the racial justice committee at her college, and led several college groups to Washington to protest the Vietnam War.
Her parents were active in politics--her father, Ethan Allen Doty, served as a judge for over 40 years and was a leading figure in the Democratic reform movement.
Her mother, Beatrice Graham Doty, was a Democratic State Committeewoman.
Her brothers, Ed Doty and Warren Doty, both served in elected positions in Pelham, New York and Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts respectively.
Cynthia was not only into politics.
She spent 20 years as a theatrical costume designer in major productions that appeared on Broadway, at Lincoln Center, and at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
She worked in film on The Wiz with Michael Jackson and Diana Ross, in opera with the 3 tenors--Jose Carreras, Luciano Pavarotti, and Placido Domingo, and on Broadway in the production of ``On Your Toes''.
After many of her friends passed away due to the AIDS epidemic, Cynthia was moved to return to community service and work for social justice.
It was her passion for justice and her willingness to fight for what she believed in that helped her inspire others to participate in the political process and be motivated to go out and vote.
It is entirely fitting that she ended her political career as the Manhattan Deputy Chief Clerk at the New York City Board.
In that role, she oversaw a vast operation of election officials responsible for processing ballots during several tumultuous changes in New York State election law.
She oversaw ``early voting'' efforts that allow people to vote before election day and efforts to ensure absentee or vote by mail ballots were processed properly during the COVID-19 epidemic.
She helped ensure polling places were open and accessible and people knew where and how to vote.
In, perhaps, her last major election, she was involved in processing my own re-election in a contested primary in Manhattan.
She was the consummate professional and made sure the election was carried out without controversy.
Too often we take for granted the work people like Cynthia do to help our communities, but we would be remiss if we did not honor and thank her and her team for a job well done.
I enjoyed working with Cynthia over the past 30 to 40 years.
Her contributions to her community knew no end.
The people of Manhattan's Upper West Side will miss her deeply but know that we will continue to carry out the work that she cared about so deeply.
We will continue to work for social justice, environmental justice, women's rights, LGBTQ+ rights, and health care for all.
I thank her for her years of service.
May she rest in peace.
And may her memory be a blessing to us all.