I also recently visited the Forge Integrated Primary School in Belfast.
I saw their much-needed and developed plans to replace their portacabins with buildings, answering their need for extra capacity.
The school is disappointed that the plans have been shelved, along with projects at nine other integrated schools.
Education is devolved, but money had been earmarked for such projects by the UK Government under the 2015 “Fresh Start” agreement.
Does the Secretary of State understand why teachers, pupils and parents are so disappointed that those plans have been shelved?
Does he have any plans to restore them?
I hear the hon.
Lady.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I understand people’s concerns and we too have visited schools; I certainly have and I think my right hon.
Friend has too.
indicated assent.
I repeat that we have repurposed the money so that it can endure and be available to the Executive to be used for purposes as they decide.
If we had not repurposed it, the money would have expired at the end of March next year.
I am proud that we have taken the steps necessary, with the Treasury, to enable that money to continue to be available to the Executive.
It is for them to decide how to spend it, but we continue to be fully committed to integrated education.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the development of a programme for government.
I met the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister last week.
We had a constructive discussion about the Executive’s priorities.
The public’s relief at the restoration of the Assembly has given way to frustration at the lack of pace of delivery by the Executive.
After a two-year void, they are saying they do not want to be hurried to deliver for the people of Northern Ireland.
Pressed healthcare staff, people waiting for special educational needs services, and those watching Lough Neagh face another summer of algal blooms are very much in a hurry for action.
Northern Ireland urgently needs a delivery plan, a programme for Government and a budget.
Yes, resources are a part of that, so will the Minister update us on any negotiations on the fiscal framework?
Will he impress on the Executive the need for urgent action, not just warm words?
One thing that I picked up from the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister last week is that they too want to act in all the ways the hon.
Lady said.
Their priorities include developing a programme for government that will enable them to take forward the vital work of public service transformation.
They are only 12 weeks in, and I look forward to good results in the short, medium and long term.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to welcome our special guest, who is observing our proceedings today, His Excellency Johari Abdul, Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malaysia.
Your Excellency, you are most welcome.