I have stood on the shores of Lough Neagh and been conscious of the condition of that enormous body of water, which is beautiful.
The reality is that the responsibility for it is devolved, and we did not have an Executive for a period.
We are absolutely delighted that it is back and being carried forward in a constructive spirit.
As I say, I will continue to work with Minister Muir.
I do not want to tread on his toes, but we will put ourselves at his disposal to offer whatever help we reasonably can.
He is a Minister of great dedication and energy, and I look forward to him succeeding on this urgent matter.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Frank Field left an immense legacy in the field of pensions?
He started off as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on the Maxwell pensioners problem, and was then an inspired Minister of State.
He was subsequently involved in all the great debates we had on pensions.
We will miss him.
What impact does the Minister think that nature-based solutions to climate change could have on the sorts of problems in Northern Ireland that we have been discussing?
I am most grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question, and I agree with him on the pensions point.
On nature-based solutions, I would love to have that conversation with him, perhaps in the Tea Room.
It is not my specialist area of expertise, and I am confident that Minister Muir would be interested to hear my right hon.
and learned Friend’s ideas.
If he wishes to share them with me, I will gladly pass them on.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the restoration of devolved Government on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the restoration of the Northern Ireland Assembly on Northern Ireland.
I am sure that my hon.
Friends will welcome the fact that, once again, Northern Ireland has local politicians taking decisions in a local Assembly that is accountable to local people.
With a funding package worth over £3 billion, the Executive are taking forward the vital work of public service transformation and delivering sustainable finances, and are ensuring better outcomes for the people of Northern Ireland in their daily lives.
The impact of all this has been unbelievably positive.
The commitment that this Government and my right hon.
Friend have shown in pushing for the restoration of the Northern Ireland Executive is clearly demonstrated in the £3.3 billion  for transforming public services, but what help are the home civil service providing to their colleagues in Northern Ireland to make sure that people there have the modern and efficient public services that they deserve, and how will that benefit all four nations?