The Secretary of State and I will, of course, disagree on the nuclear deterrent, but I wonder if he will answer one specific point while he retains it.
The nuclear enterprise has been exposed as unaffordable in the latest report by the National Audit Office.
What assurances can he give the House that the nuclear deterrent will not continue to cannibalise the Ministry of Defence budget and, specifically, the £75 billion he has proposed today?
The first thing I should point out is that page 20 in the annex of the document before the House describes the uplift in the defence budget.
We have headlined it as £75 billion.
In fact, when we go through and add up the individual amounts year on year, it reaches £77 billion of expenditure.
Members can see there exactly how we will get to it.
Secondly, it is fully funded.
I know the Labour party does not like the idea, but we will remove 72,000 civil servants from the system, not because we do not think they are good people—fortunately, with low unemployment we know they will be gainfully employed elsewhere—but because we want to get back to the size of the civil service we had before covid, before it expanded greatly.
We see no reason to continue to run a civil service with 70,000 additional people each year, when that money could go into the defence of the realm.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about our commitment to our armed forces personnel, their families and their accommodation.
He may have missed it in my statement, but I mentioned £4 billion that we will now invest in their accommodation and conditions over this period, thanks to this big uplift.
He will be aware that last year there were a lot of problems with leaks and boilers not being fixed for considerable periods of time.
There have not been those stories this year, because we got on top of that with £400 million and by making sure that contractors are doing their job.
As the hon.
Gentleman rightly says, we have our differences on things like nuclear deterrence, but if there is one thing that benefits Scotland in particular, I would suggest it is what goes on at Faslane, with the extraordinary high-quality jobs it produces and the proud part it plays in this nation’s defence.