The Secretary of State will recognise that one of the issues absent from the Windsor framework and subsequent agreements is the conclusion of an arrangement for veterinary medicines.
He will know how important agriculture is to the Northern Ireland economy, and he will also know that Northern Ireland produces 10 times as much food as we need, to the benefit of our nearest neighbours.
The establishment of the veterinary medicines working group, with the help of the Minister of State and my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Antrim (Ian Paisley) , has been extremely positive, but there is a cliff edge towards the end of next year.
We need a successful conclusion to the issue, and I would be grateful if the Secretary of State could inform the House that that will happen.
This matter is very important to the Government and for Northern Ireland.
The Government’s priority is to secure a long-term sustainable solution on veterinary medicines, and we wish to pursue such a solution through discussions with the European Union, and to prepare safeguards for all scenarios.
As the right hon.
Gentleman said, we have set up a veterinary medicines working group to advise the Government on solutions, and we are grateful for the expertise of Members who are joining that group.
It has met twice, and aims to report in a timely manner in June.
In the meantime, we have put in place a grace period arrangement until the end of 2025, which supports continuity of supply in Northern Ireland.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman is right to emphasise the importance of this matter, and we are working hard on it.
What steps he is taking to help increase GDP in Northern Ireland.
The UK Government are committed to the long-term economic growth of Northern Ireland, and are working closely with the Executive and business to demonstrate what a fantastic place it is to live, work and invest in.
For instance, we have delivered the Northern Ireland investment summit; we are committed to levelling up Northern Ireland’s economy, with £617 million being spent on four city and growth deals; we are implementing key deliverables in the “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper; and we continue to promote Northern Ireland’s unique institutional arrangements.
With the Executive restored and enjoying a financial package of more than £3 billion, does the Minister agree that Northern Ireland businesses are now in position for an era of transformational success?
Absolutely, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for highlighting that, but funding is, of course, only one part of the solution.
The transformation of public services is vital, but achieving that will require innovative strategic thinking as well as some revenue raising, and the Government stand ready to assist the Northern Ireland Executive with formal structures to help them achieve those ends.