Does the Secretary of State agree that the restoration of the Northern Ireland Assembly provides the stability for further private investment in Northern Ireland?
This is a massive opportunity; it is the missing piece in the puzzle, and could make a huge difference.
How does he intend to capitalise on this?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The restoration of devolved government not only provides certainty and stability for business but allows us to harness our combined energies and expertise to make Northern Ireland a fantastic place to live, work and invest.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister of State has reminded the House of the success of the Northern Ireland investment summit last September, which welcomed 180 business investors from around the world, and of our £617 million investment in Northern Ireland’s four city and growth deals.
Recently I visited Washington DC with the First Minister and Deputy First Minister, and it is fair to say that the US business community is now well aware of the amazing opportunities in Northern Ireland and is looking at them hungrily.
The return of devolution has to be built on, particularly as there are still some issues to be resolved.
While some in Northern Ireland concentrate on complaining about the outstanding problems, there are those of us who are committed to resolving them.
The Secretary of State is in a better position than most to help to resolve them.
Will he recommit today to our seeing further moves in the coming weeks in the direction of resolving all the outstanding issues?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his recent honour for his many years of elected public service in this place and to his constituents.
Yes, he absolutely can have that commitment from me.
I am committed to delivering at great pace on all the pledges we made in the Command Paper, and I am absolutely committed to delivering the best outcomes for everyone across Northern Ireland, because that is what Northern Ireland deserves.
Of course the restoration of devolved government in Northern Ireland is very welcome.
The Minister will be aware that polling evidence has shown a big growth since the Good Friday agreement in the number of people who identify as Northern Irish, as distinct from Irish or British.
What implications does that have for the way that devolved government conducts itself, going forward?