Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your eloquent tribute to Frank Field.
He was a brave and a generous man.
We look forward to working with  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  in his new position.
The UK’s successful bid to host the 2028 Euros with Ireland is a fantastic opportunity for Northern Ireland, but with just three years left to build the Casement Park stadium, the Executive have yet to invite tenders.
In May last year, the Secretary of State was asked who would provide the money, and he replied: “All partners.
I guarantee it.”
Given that the clock is ticking, how and when does the right hon.
Gentleman intend, with others, to honour that guarantee, so that the stadium gets built on time?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that he is asking that question of someone who has been a football referee for the last 43 years, and who is rather passionate about the game.
I really want to see these Euro games played at Casement Park, and I have  made that clear, but the latest costs that I have seen are significantly higher than the ones I saw a year ago, and any taxpayer contribution to the Casement Park project will need to be made on a value-for-money basis.
I have also said many times that there is no blank cheque here, especially when there is no contractor appointed yet.
We do not want to artificially inflate a price.
The Northern Ireland Executive will also need to decide on whether and how they will underwrite any future increases in costs.
As I said back then, all partners are working together to try to work out what the number is, and how we can deliver on it.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that reply.
One other challenge that the institutions face is dealing with the continuing legacy of the troubles.
Seven days from now, all civil cases and inquests related to the troubles will come to an end under the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which is widely opposed in Northern Ireland.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman think that confidence in the new independent commission will be helped or hindered by the fact that it has recently brought three separate legal challenges to the disclosure by coroners of information to families about what happened to their loved ones—information that they have been denied for so many years?
The right hon.
Gentleman conflates two issues.
First, there are the ongoing elements of how we deal with public interest immunity and the “neither confirm nor deny” policy in court cases in Northern Ireland, and indeed across the United Kingdom.
Secondly, there is the question about the new commission we are setting up to deal with legacy.
I believe that even those with civil cases will be able to use the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery in good faith when it opens its doors on  1 May .
Only this month, the former co-chair of the Consultative Group on the Past, Denis Bradley, said that he thinks the people involved with the ICRIR “are very good people, I have a lot of regard for them…
And if people decide it offers them something, well then, I will be very reluctant to make too many strong judgments around it.
Because”— this is the problem that the UK Government are trying to solve— “we have created a swamp around legacy, a complete swamp.
Anything that helps some people to get out of that swamp, I won’t be too critical.”