My right hon.
Friend can certainly have that reassurance.
We know that such support is extraordinarily important to the running of truly lethal and effective armed forces.
In every year since 2010, the Government—along with their Liberal Democrat partners—have missed recruitment targets, and The Times has warned that Army numbers could fall to 70,000 full-time equivalents.
What is the Defence Secretary doing to ensure that those who wish to serve and defend our country are not put off by the broken recruitment system?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that in January and February we had an eight-year high in the number of applications for the Army, which was reflected in the other services.
I agree that we need to be much more effective in getting applications all the way through the system.
It takes too long, and the procedures are too disparate.
People are having to turn up for an initial interview, go away and then come back for a medical.
Why not do all those things at once?
However, other measures are really helping.
There has been a pay increase of nearly 10% for the less well-paid members of the armed forces in the last year, which has helped with recruitment, and people seeing our armed forces involved in so much action has also helped.
The Minister for Defence People and Families is spending a great deal of time ensuring that the many recommendations—67, I think—in the Haythornthwaite review are implemented as quickly as possible.
I join the many voices that have called for some time for an increase in defence spending, and we welcome this announcement.
I suspect that, privately, the Defence Secretary was hoping that this day would come as well, and I congratulate him on the work that he has done behind the scenes to ensure that this funding is secured.
State-on-state conflict has returned in Europe, and the world is more dangerous, more contested and more polarised.
Will the Defence Secretary therefore expand a little on the consequences to UK security and to the UK economy if Russia wins?
Before rushing in to spend these increased funds, will he recognise the need to consider the full spectrum of threats and warfare that we face, so that money is wisely spent?
My right hon.
and gallant Friend has been a very important part of ensuring that we got to where we are today, but I had not realised that I had been keeping my own desire to reach this point quite so secret.
He is correct in saying that the implications of Russia’s winning this war would be horrendous.
The cost of what this country had to put up with because of covid, for example, would seem small in comparison with the cost of what could happen if other autocratic states decided to take a chunk of other people’s land; that could have a direct impact on our economy.
This is not, in my view, money that we are spending; it is money that we are investing in our security, to ensure that Russia and other despotic leaders like Putin never think that they can try it on with us.
We will be investing it extremely wisely in many programmes with which my right hon.
Friend and other Members on both sides of the House are familiar, as well as in innovative new areas such as the DragonFire.
May I thank the Secretary of State for the urgent support for Ukraine, which is much  needed just now?
However, the Institute for Fiscal Studies pointed out that in the Chancellor’s Budget, there was a conspiracy of silence between the Government and the Labour party on following the fiscal rules when it came to saying where £20 billion-worth of cuts to public services would come from.
Today’s announcement adds up to another £9 billion of cuts to public services.
Can he explain where those cuts will be made?
We have already laid out the fact that this plan is fully costed and funded.
As I have mentioned to the House, we have said that we will reduce the size of the civil service by 72,000.
That is not a one-off cut; it is money that is not being paid each year, and will help to fund defence.
There are also some other things that the Chancellor will no doubt wish to get into.
I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman has taken a look at page 20 and the annexe, but he will see that this is all set out.
I absolutely welcome this very important investment in defence.
As my right hon.
Friend says, the world is a changed place, and I am sure that he would agree that defence is indeed a public service.
On the extra funding and the projects that he has announced, may I ask him to make sure that he says to the Treasury that the programmes should be fully funded?
This should not just be capital investment.
The Treasury has a habit of saying, “The capital investment is fine, but let’s not worry about revenue.”
The projects will need revenue, so will he make sure to have those conversations with the Treasury?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very clear point, based on his experience of the Department.
We have to make sure not just that we fund the capital, but that we have the resource to run the equipment.
He raises a very important matter, and this budget enables us to ensure that this is done properly.
I, too, welcome the increase to 2.5%.
The world has definitely become a more dangerous place over the last 14 years.
I can only suppose that the announcement was not made in last month’s Budget because it would have come under scrutiny from the Office for Budget Responsibility, but could the Defence Secretary say exactly what proportion of the 2.5% will be spent on cyber-security and armed services personnel?
I should point out to the House that we have always said that we would do this when conditions allowed.
Inflation fell to 3.2% last week—down from over 11%.
Ten days ago, we saw Iran fire hundreds of missiles at a democratic state, and we were partly involved in the collective defence.
It is therefore true to say that the world is showing itself to be even more dangerous.
We have reached the point where we are seeing growth back in the economy and inflation falling, so now is the right time to do this.
The hon.
Lady asks about the sums of money that will go into, for example, cyber or space.
I do not have those figures on me.
I would be very happy to write to her with an overview, because it will take a bit of collation to work that out exactly from the existing budget.
Quite a lot of what happens in strategic  command, which covers those areas, crosses over into other parts of the armed forces, so it is not a simple question to answer.
This is a very welcome statement, so I thank my right hon.
Friend.
He mentioned the Haythornthwaite report.
When will we get an update, particularly on the plan to spend the £4 million investment in service families accommodation?
Very soon.
I accept the need for additional defence spending, but may I ask the Defence Secretary for reassurance that the Government’s strategy for UK and global security going forward will have an appropriate balance of hard and soft power?
By that I mean ongoing investment in diplomacy, humanitarian assistance, international development—potentially including the restoration of the target of spending 0.7% of gross national income—and, indeed, support for the international rules-based order.
I can certainly reassure the hon.
Gentleman that that is something that we in the MOD are always looking to do.
We have just made our seventh or eighth drop of food aid into Gaza, using the RAF.
We are working with the Americans on other solutions, including the pier, and I work very closely with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
Indeed, I used to be a Minister in the former Department for International Development, so I am well aware of the issues he raises.
The MOD will always look to assist, with our armed forces, wherever we can; we often combine hard and soft power.