The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to safeguard Northern Ireland’s place in the Union.
Before I begin, may I also put on record the Government’s sincere condolences to the family of Frank Field, who sadly passed away last night?
The Member for Birkenhead for over 40 years, Frank was a titan of this House.
He embodied its best values of decency, honesty and integrity.
I got to know him particularly well in those remarkably calm Brexit years, when I was the junior Government Whip detailed to “Just get a few friends on the other side of the Chamber to vote in the appropriate manner.”
I know the whole House will join me in wishing his family well at this difficult time.
I would also like to start by welcoming the news that the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill will be amended to include Northern Ireland.
I thank the Minister of State, Department for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  for all the productive meetings and discussions he has had with the First Minister, the Deputy First Minister and Justice Ministers in Northern Ireland.
To answer the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , the Government will never be neutral when it comes to expressing our support for the Union and Northern Ireland’s place in it.
It is clear that the Union is going from strength to strength.
We are committed to further strengthening and safeguarding the Union through the implementation of the Windsor framework and our delivery of the “Safeguarding the Union” commitments.
Northern Ireland now has the best of both worlds.
It has a stable Northern Ireland Executive, backed by the support and strength of the UK Government.
Northern Ireland’s peaceful place in the UK is secured by the Belfast/Good Friday agreement and the principle of consent set within it.
I regularly speak to my Cabinet colleagues about their and their Departments’ role in safeguarding Northern Ireland’s interests in the Union.
I voted for the Windsor framework because the Prime Minister said it removed the Irish sea border, yet £192 million is budgeted to be spent on installing border posts for the non-existent Irish border.
Will the Secretary of State please advise the House on the number of checks on people and goods travelling through Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Have those checks increased or decreased since the introduction of the Windsor framework?