What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the expansion of integrated education in Northern Ireland.
The Government remain committed to supporting integrated education in Northern Ireland and have already made funds available to support more schools than ever to convert to integrated status.
I and my noble Friend Lord Caine look forward to engaging with the new Education Minister, Paul Givan, to make progress on this important issue.
I travelled with colleagues to Northern Ireland two weeks ago, and we visited Forge Integrated Primary School and met lots of very fine children.
In 2015, £150 million of Fresh Start funding was earmarked for integrated education in Northern Ireland.
What does the Minister say to those schools that were expecting this funding but have found that it is no longer guaranteed?
The House may not know that only 7% of schoolchildren in Northern Ireland can be said to be attending an integrated school, which we would like to see change.
The period over which Fresh Start funding was released would have ended at the end of March 2025, so we have repurposed £150 million of that funding to provide additional flexibility to the Northern Ireland Executive in respect of that funding stream and schools.
We are determined to see more parents given the opportunity to choose integrated education for their children as a vital part of the process of reconciliation.
I, for one, am especially committed to it as someone who proudly attends a Baptist church, where for many years I worshipped with a Roman Catholic lady and had no idea.
We should help Northern Ireland move to a point where denomination is a small matter and where people move forward together.
An important item in the in-tray of the newly re-formed Executive is early years education and childcare.
Thanks to the actions of this Government, we now have more generous entitlement to free childcare in England and Northern Ireland.
Will he discuss with the Executive how Northern Ireland might be levelled up on childcare, including by using revenue-raising measures?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue and I am grateful to her for putting it on the agenda.
Certainly we will engage with the Executive on this point.
She is right to mention revenue raising.
It is a fact that the Executive need to both transform public services and improve revenue raising, so that everything in Northern Ireland can be delivered on a sustainable basis.