Post Office Building'', H.R. 8057, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

9317 Bolsa Avenue in Westminster, California, as the

``Little Saigon Vietnam War Veterans Memorial Post

Office'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal

Acquisition Security Council Improvement Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Organizing and Revealing the

Government's Construction, Hierarchies, Appointments,

Responsibilities, and Tasks Act'', an original bill

entitled, ``Rebuilding with Resilience Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Cooperation on Combatting

Human Smuggling and Trafficking Act'', an original bill

entitled, ``DHS Cybersecurity Internship Program Act'',

an original bill entitled, ``Streamlining Law

Enforcement Information Sharing Act'', am original bill

entitled, ``DHS Intelligence and Analysis Oversight and

Transparency Act'', and the nominations of Val Butler

Demings, of Florida, William Zollars, of Kansas, and

Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, each to be a

Governor of the United States Postal Service, and James

Graham Lake, and Nicholas George Miranda, both to be an

Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District

of Columbia.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Matthew

James Marzano, of Illinois, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Matthew Kaplan, of

Maryland, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Great

Lakes Authority, and 42 General Services Administration

resolutions; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine the 50th anniversary of the Safe Drinking Water

Act, focusing on successes, challenges, and charting a

path forward.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine disaster funding needs.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine tax policy in 2025, focusing

on implications for the American economy.
3 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To receive a closed briefing from the Secretary of State.
NOVEMBER 21

10 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THE UNITED STATES MUST JOIN THE TREATY ON THE PROHIBITION OF NUCLEAR

WEAPONS

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the increasing threat

of nuclear weapons.
Last year, the United States spent $51.5 billion on

nuclear weapons.
Imagine if we used even a fraction of that to tackle

homelessness, fund healthcare, or address the climate crisis.
Instead,

we're pouring billions into weapons that could wipe out entire cities

in seconds.
The simple truth is, as long as nuclear weapons exist, humanity is at

risk.
One miscalculation, one malfunction, one act of aggression, and

we're looking at a disaster that could end civilization as we know it.
Keeping these weapons isn't about strength or security--it's about

holding on to outdated Cold War fears.
The only sane position is the complete abolition of these weapons of

mass destruction from the face of the planet.
But this will only happen

with bold leadership from the United States.
As tensions rise with adversaries like Russia and China, and concerns

grow about nuclear proliferation in volatile regions like the Middle

East, the threat of nuclear war is more urgent than it has been since

the Cuban Missile Crisis.
That's why I'm grateful to my colleague, Congressman Jim McGovern,

for his tireless work in drawing attention to this critical issue.
He

understands that we have a moral imperative to act.
It's time for the United States to join the Treaty on the Prohibition

of Nuclear Weapons and take a real stand for disarmament.
Maintaining

an arsenal of world-ending weapons is not a sign of strength--it is a

terrifying vulnerability.
The American people deserve leaders who will prioritize human lives

over outdated Cold War posturing.
We have the chance to make the world

a safer place, redirect resources to pressing domestic needs, and

fulfill our obligation to future generations.
The time for action has never been more pressing.