During

a meeting on December 8, 1924, at 7:30 p.m., eighty-two of the 105

registered voters were present and voted on motions to incorporate the

proposed corporate limits as outlined in the meeting notice, selecting

the name of the new municipal corporation as the ``Town of Sebastian'',

creating the official seal for town business, and electing the mayor,

five aldermen, a clerk, and marshal.
The town took its name from the St. Sebastian River, which was named

for the martyred Roman Christian, who was martyred by the Emperor

Diocletian around 288 A.D. The Roman Catholic Church canonized

Sebastian in 374, and he has been named the patron saint of archers,

athletes, migrants, and pin-makers.
Beginning in the 1880s, the

community was named New Haven after Thomas New, a retired Methodist

minister who moved from Michigan.
Mr. New worked to establish the

community's first post office and served as the first postmaster.
This

was the first post office between Melbourne and Fort Pierce.
However, long before European and 19th-century settlers arrived in

the area, the indigenous Ais Indians lived on the east coast of Florida

between Cape Canaveral and Jupiter for hundreds and possibly thousands

of years.
The Ais were hunter-gatherers and caught fish, turtles, and

shellfish in the St. Sebastian River, Indian River Lagoon, and the

Atlantic Ocean, and picked sabal palm berries and other fruit in the

area.
The Spanish even referred to the Indian River Lagoon as Rio de

Ais because the Lagoon was so important to the tribe for food and

transportation.
One of the most significant events to happen to Sebastian was the

arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in de 1893 to 94.
Another

major change was the intensity by which commercial fishing started in

1895 after a disastrous freeze in 1894.
By the end of 1895, nearly

104,000 pounds of fish were shipped from Sebastian, mostly to New York,

Richmond, and New Orleans.
Sebastian residents also grew truck crops

such as beans, winter vegetables, and pineapples.
Resident Paul Kroegel

worked to protect local pelicans from being killed for their feathers

which were used in the hat industry, which ultimately led to President

Theodore Roosevelt creating the first migratory bird refuge in the

United States on Pelican Island in 1903.
In the early 20th century, Sebastian, like the rest of the nation,

suffered during the Great Depression, but World War II and the postwar

era brought immense change.
The Mackle Brothers, a developer based in

Miami, which later became General Development Corporation, bought land

throughout Florida for planned communities in rural parts of the state,

including 1,345 acres in Sebastian in 1957 to develop Sebastian

Highlands.
By the 2000 census, Sebastian became the most populous city in Indian

River County, and by 2023, the population had grown to 26,825.
Besides

having the distinction of being the home of Pelican Island, Sebastian

has been named a Millenium City and a Tree City USA.
The city has a

strong retirement community, with 35 percent of the population 65 or

older.
Almost 21 percent of the jobs are in health care and social

assistance, 18 percent in retail, and 12 percent in accommodations and

food service.
Sebastian has a median household income of nearly

$73,000, and almost 30 percent of residents 25 or older hold a

bachelor's degree or other advanced degree.
The city also possesses

first-class schools, roads, health care and recreation facilities.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Centennial of

Sebastian.
Here's to 100 more years of memories and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.