Some of Dave's most notable achievements were on behalf of

Springfield Air National Guard Base, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in

Dayton, NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland and the Ohio Western

Reserve National Cemetery.
His leadership also helped establish the D-

Day Visitors Center at the American Cemetery in Normandy, France, and

in recognition of these and other contributions, Dave was inducted into

the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame and the Dayton Region's Walk of Fame.
Additionally, Wright-Patterson AFB named a street ``Hobson Way'' in his

honor, Clark State College named its Beavercreek center ``Dave Hobson

Hall'' and several universities bestowed him honorary degrees.
Beyond his legislative accomplishments, Dave was known for his

humility, integrity, and kindness, all of which he expressed in his

careful dedication and attention to constituent service and being

accessible to the people of his district.
Dave is survived by his beloved wife, Carolyn (Alexander) of 65

years, children Susan (Jeff) Nunner, Lynn (Jay) Foran and Doug

(Stephanie) Hobson; grandchildren Katherine, Alexander (Summer) and

Samuel Nunner, Whitney (Alex) Fagan, Jameson, Callan and Brennan Foran,

and Evan Hobson; great-grandchildren Ryker, Declan and Finn Fagan,

sisters Martha Lampe and Susan Hoerner, and a loving nephew and nieces.
A memorial service celebrating Dave's life and legacy will be held on

Saturday, November 2, 2024 at 11:00 am at High Street United Methodist

Church, 230 East High Street, Springfield, Ohio.
The service was live-

streamed on the High St. United Methodist Church's You Tube channel.
In lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made to The

Springfield Foundation, c/o the Dave and Carolyn Hobson Charitable

Fund, 333 N. Limestone Street, Suite 201, Springfield, OH 45503-4250,

<a href='http://www.springfieldfoundation.org.
'>www.springfieldfoundation.org.
</a> In honor of Dave's life, the family hopes that you will be inspired

to carry forth his mission of helping people and bringing together

others for positive solutions for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOSE ``MOKE'' SIMON III

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jose

``Moke'' Simon III upon his retirement after two terms as a Lake County

Supervisor and to recognize his contributions to the Middletown

Rancheria and the Lake County community.
Mr. Simon, born and raised in

Middletown, California, has dedicated his life to the advancement and

well-being of his community.
As Middletown Rancheria's Tribal Chairman, Mr. Simon oversees Tribal

Government Operations and represents the Tribe in all critical decision

impacting Middletown Rancheria.
During his tenure, Mr. Simon

successfuljy guided the investment of $47.5 million dollars in the

construction of Twin Pine Casino.
As Chairman, he also successfully

negotiated with the State of California to secure the gaming compact

for the Middletown Rancheria, leading to substantial economic

development for his tribe.
Furthermore, Mr. Simon's leadership was

critical to the Tribe's acquisition of the Mount St. Helena Brewing

Co., marking the first off-reservation business owned by Middletown

Rancheria.
In recognition of his commitment to Middletown Rancheria's economic

development, in 2016, Mr. Simon received the Wendall Chino Humanitarian

Award, the highest honor for tribal leaders and awarded by the National

Indian Gaming Association.
In 2017, Mr. Simon became the first Native American elected to the

Lake County Board of Supervisors representing District 1, where he has

continued to work tirelessly for his constituents and contribute to

local governance.
In times of crisis, Mr. Simon's leadership has been invaluable.
During the catastrophic Valley Fire of 2015, which devastated over

76,000 acres, he provided stability to his district as they faced one

of California's most destructive wildfires.
Governor Gavin Newsom later

named Mr. Simon to the State Board of Fire Services in September 2019.
Beyond his work with the Tribe and the Board of Supervisors, Mr.

Simon is a former professional football player.
During his football

career.
Mr. Simon played with the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, AFL's

Arizona Rattlers, WFL's Barcelona Dragons in Spain, and the Scottish

Claymores in Scotland.