Beyond his work with the Tribe and the Board of Supervisors, Mr.

Simon is a former professional football player.
During his football

career.
Mr. Simon played with the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, AFL's

Arizona Rattlers, WFL's Barcelona Dragons in Spain, and the Scottish

Claymores in Scotland.
An avid sports enthusiast, Mr. Simon continues

to serve his community as the defensive coach for the local high

school's varsity football team.
Mr. Simon currently resides on the reservation with his wife Nancy,

son Joshua and daughter Theresa, cherishing time with his grandchildren

Taylor and Bently, and staying deeply involved in family and community

life.
Mr. Speaker, as we bid farewell to Supervisor Jose ``Moke'' Simon

III, we thank him for his service, his contributions to the economic

and cultural advancement of his Tribe, and his dedication to public

service in Lake County.
His leadership has uplifted our community, and

it is only fitting that we honor him here today as he embarks on this

new chapter of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was unexpectedly held up and missed two

roll call votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
456; and

YEA on Roll Call No.
457.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BEN JACKSON

HON.
LIZZIE FLETCHER

Mrs. FLETCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with deep gratitude to Ben Jackson

for his many years of service and exceptional work for Texas' Seventh

Congressional District.
After working in Congress for more than 13

years and for our district for almost six years, Ben is leaving my

office this year.
Ben has served Texas' Seventh Congressional District for as long as I

have, joining our staff as Legislative Director when we opened our

office in January 2019.
An integral part of my team from the start, he

has worked tirelessly and effectively, handling issues of all kinds.
As

our office grew, so did Ben's role in it, as he moved from Legislative

Director to Deputy Chief of Staff and Senior Advisor.
He has worked on

issues of great importance to our district with a portfolio that

includes energy, tax, financial services, and economic issues.
While

working in my office, Ben also grew in his personal life and became a

father to his son, Charles.
Throughout his almost six years serving our district, Ben has built

meaningful relationships across our community and has led the way on

efforts to ensure our district's and our region's priorities are

included in our work, and that our work in Washington delivers

meaningful progress back home.
Outstanding in his policy work, Ben was also an outstanding team

member who always remained supportive of his colleagues and served as a

mentor for many of them.
His work and his positive contributions have

had--and will continue to have--a lasting impact on our team and on our

district, and we will miss him.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Texas' Seventh Congressional District, I

express my deep and sincere gratitude and best wishes to Ben Jackson as

he begins a new chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING METRA COMMUTER RAILROAD'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Metra

Commuter Railroad as it celebrates its 40th anniversary.
Over the last

four decades, Mara has provided hundreds of millions of rides to its

passengers while gaining a reputation for timeliness, reliability, and

safety.
At its inception in 1984.
Metra faced multiple challenges.
It

inherited an underinvested rail system and was immediately tasked with

addressing a history of unstandardized fares and services in addition

to stabilizing struggling private rail lines.
Through acquisitions,

subsidizations.
and streamlining of services, Metra delivered on

unifying commuter rail across the Chicago region.