It

inherited an underinvested rail system and was immediately tasked with

addressing a history of unstandardized fares and services in addition

to stabilizing struggling private rail lines.
Through acquisitions,

subsidizations.
and streamlining of services, Metra delivered on

unifying commuter rail across the Chicago region.
Though Metra still faces steep funding challenges for its capital and

operational needs, it remains a steady, reliable source of

transportation for its riders.
It continues to rebuild and replace

downtown stations, outlying stations, track and signals, and other

infrastructure.
Metra has purchased new locomotives and railcars,

modernized and expanded service, and has survived through underground

floods, polar vortexes, and a global pandemic.
I commend Metra's workers for continuing to provide rides every day

to my constituents, and I thank Metra's leadership for continuing to

push innovation in Chicago's commuter rail system.
I congratulate Metra

on its 40th anniversary and look forward to many more years of reliable

commuter rail service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YMCA OF GREATER MONMOUTH

COUNTY

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to congratulate the YMCA

of Greater Monmouth County on its 150th Anniversary and continued

endeavor to strengthen the individuals, families and communities it

serves.
During their 150th Anniversary Dinner, they plan to commemorate

this milestone with the pursuit of offering expansive access to

fitness, mental health, and education.
It is my privilege to recognize

the outstanding efforts of the YMCA of Greater Monmouth County.
Since March 16, 1874, this commendable organization has nurtured

children and families while fostering strong connected communities

throughout the Monmouth County area.
The long history of this YMCA

providing youth enrichment to families includes access to summer camp,

preschool, and before and after care.
It is truly honorable to fathom

the transformation of countless lives across generations from this last

century and on.
It is honorable to recognize the community organizers

who have demonstrated resilience and unity, as this remarkably shapes

the impact of their chapter.
Begun in efforts to support youth in the local area, the YMCA of

Greater Monmouth County now stands as a community center.
The

acquisition of resources necessary and otherwise inaccessible can be

attributed to invaluable growth.
Affordable childcare is one of the

most appreciated programs, with therapeutic counseling, tutoring, teen

leadership and college pathways tightly following.
I applaud this

organization's beloved endless engagement and remarkable success in

reaching the Monmouth County community.
Once again, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in

congratulating the YMCA of Greater Monmouth County on its 150th

Anniversary of service.
The commitment to wellness has contributed

support to help families thrive in our community, and therefore is

truly deserving of this body's recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL OF SEBASTIAN

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, December 8, 2024, marks the 100th anniversary

of the incorporation of the ``Town'' of Sebastian, which was followed

by the re-incorporation of the ``City'' of Sebastian in 1925, the same

year Indian River County was created by the Florida Legislature.
During

a meeting on December 8, 1924, at 7:30 p.m., eighty-two of the 105

registered voters were present and voted on motions to incorporate the

proposed corporate limits as outlined in the meeting notice, selecting

the name of the new municipal corporation as the ``Town of Sebastian'',

creating the official seal for town business, and electing the mayor,

five aldermen, a clerk, and marshal.
The town took its name from the St. Sebastian River, which was named

for the martyred Roman Christian, who was martyred by the Emperor

Diocletian around 288 A.D. The Roman Catholic Church canonized

Sebastian in 374, and he has been named the patron saint of archers,

athletes, migrants, and pin-makers.
Beginning in the 1880s, the

community was named New Haven after Thomas New, a retired Methodist

minister who moved from Michigan.