Title: DAVID L. HOBSON OBITUARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
167

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DAVID L. HOBSON OBITUARY

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, David Lee Hobson passed away on Sunday,

October 6, 2024, at Miami Valley Hospital in Dayton, Ohio after a brief

illness.
Born on October 17, 1936, in Cincinnati to Winton Lee Hobson and

Florence Todd Hobson, Dave grew up with his sisters, Martha and Susan.
His father worked for the U.S. Postal Service and died when Dave was in

the eighth grade.
He and his sisters were raised in the Bond Hill

neighborhood of Cincinnati by his mother, an elementary school teacher,

and her sister-in-law.
He graduated from Withrow High School in

Cincinnati, Ohio Wesleyan University and The Ohio State University

College of Law.
He met the love of his life, Carolyn, at Ohio Wesleyan and, after

marrying on December 20, 1958, they were inseparable throughout their

65 plus years together.
Their marriage blessed them with three children

whom they raised in Springfield, Ohio.
Dave served in the Air National Guard and was called up to active

duty during the Berlin Wall Crisis.
In 1965, he moved his family to

Springfield, Ohio to work at the Kissell Company and later for several

commercial real estate companies in association with Howard Noonan and

Martin Levine, who served as mentors throughout his life.
He was a

member of Rotary International, a 33rd Degree Mason, and remained

active in his college fraternity, Sigma Alpha Epsilon--all experiences

that instilled in him a compassion to help others and the value of

community service.
At the age of 46, Dave brought his business acumen, developed in

commercial real estate and his commitment to community involvement to

the Ohio Senate where he served for eight years.
During his service,

his peers elected him to the leadership positions of Majority Whip and

President Pro Tempore.
In the Ohio Senate, his work focused on health and human services.
He

led the effort to enact the first state law in the nation to provide

support to people diagnosed and living with HIV and AIDS, helped

increase state resources for Alzheimer's Disease and spearheaded

reforms to the Ohio Department of Developmental Disabilities.
In 1990,

Dave was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, where he

represented Ohio's 7th Congressional District until his retirement in

2009.
During his nine terms in Congress, he gained a reputation as a

pragmatic and bipartisan lawmaker, committed to fiscal responsibility

and a strong national defense.
He served as the second-ranking member

of the House Budget Committee and helped lead efforts in 1998 to

balance the federal budget for the first time since 1969.
He also

served as a key member of the powerful House Appropriations Committee,

where he chaired the Military Construction and Energy and Water

Development subcommittees.
In these positions Dave championed

improvements in housing for military personnel and their families

around the world, improved technology for members of the Armed Forces

and led new investments in commercial and recreational waterways, the

Florida Everglades restoration and natural resources conservation

across the country.
Some of Dave's most notable achievements were on behalf of

Springfield Air National Guard Base, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in

Dayton, NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland and the Ohio Western

Reserve National Cemetery.
His leadership also helped establish the D-

Day Visitors Center at the American Cemetery in Normandy, France, and

in recognition of these and other contributions, Dave was inducted into

the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame and the Dayton Region's Walk of Fame.
Additionally, Wright-Patterson AFB named a street ``Hobson Way'' in his

honor, Clark State College named its Beavercreek center ``Dave Hobson

Hall'' and several universities bestowed him honorary degrees.