Title: CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF THE LANCASTER COUNTY CONSERVATION DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
147

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF THE LANCASTER COUNTY CONSERVATION DISTRICT

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

the Lancaster County Conservation District (LCCD) on their 75th

anniversary.
In 1950, the Lancaster County Conservation District, then called the

Soil Conservation District, was officially incorporated by the county.
Though the Conservation District had officially been organized since

1938, it only covered the southern part of Lancaster County.
The new

organization was wholly operated by its volunteer board until they

hired their first employee in 1965.
The Lancaster County Conservation District raises awareness of

environmental challenges and helps individuals and organizations with

navigating them.
Three quarters of a century since its founding, the

LCCD has moved beyond its original scope of soil conservation.
New

programs include an erosion and sedimentation program, which helps to

protect water quality, educational programs such as the Youth

Conservation School and the Envirothon, their own Chesapeake Bay and

watershed programs, an annual tree sale, and much more.
Just as important is the LCCD's collaboration with farmers and the

local community, which makes everything they do possible.
Farmers work

with the LCCD because better agronomics and better environmental

practices are intertwined.
The LCCD also builds inroads with farmers to

increase environmental awareness.
An example of this is their Plain

Sect program, which provides outreach to the local Amish and Mennonite

communities, which comprise a significant portion of the farms in the

district.
With the dedication of 40 employees, the LCCD leads the way in soil

conservation and water quality.
We owe our beautiful scenery and

quality of life in part to the LCCD, which is why I am grateful for

their work in Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional District.
Congratulations to the Lancaster County Conservation District on 75

years, and I wish them many more years of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE APPOINTMENT OF REVEREND DR.
WILLIAM CROWDER

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Reverend Dr.

William Crowder on his appointment as the next Regional Minister and

President of the Living Waters Region of the Christian Church

(Disciples of Christ).
Born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, Reverend Dr. Crowder was

inspired by his mother, who instilled in him a deep sense of faith,

discipline, and service.
As a young man, he distinguished himself both

as a student leader, serving as student government vice president and

president at Central State University, and as an athlete, helping lead

his football team to a championship.
Answering his call to ministry, Dr. Crowder entered United

Theological Seminary in Dayton, Ohio.
He was licensed by the Christian

Church (Disciples of Christ) in 1994 and ordained the following year.
Since then, Dr. Crowder has devoted his life to ministry and service,

impacting communities far beyond the pulpit.
Working alongside lay

leaders of Park Manor and the City of Chicago, he helped bring forward

a $34 million senior housing project, secured a $1 million state grant

to combat gun violence, and contributed his time and insight on

numerous distinguished boards.
Through these efforts, he has lived out

his calling to serve others and to strengthen the communities around

him.
Reverend Dr. William Crowder's appointment is a testament to his

lifelong devotion to faith and service.
His leadership has strengthened

congregations, uplifted communities, and left a lasting impact on

Chicago and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Reverend

Dr. Crowder for this new role and for the many ways he has guided

others with wisdom, compassion, and faith.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING THE HISTORY AND SERVICE OF THE DELAWARE VALLEY FOOD PANTRY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.