From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING THE HISTORY AND SERVICE OF THE DELAWARE VALLEY FOOD PANTRY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the remarkable history

and service of the Delaware Valley Food Pantry in Lambertville,

Hunterdon County.
For 70 years, this pantry has been a lifeline for families

experiencing food insecurity in the Lambertville and New Hope

communities.
Since 1955, its dedicated volunteers have ensured that

everyone who walks through its

doors feels welcomed, supported, and part of a caring community.
An

entirely volunteer-run organization, the pantry serves more than 1,000

individuals each month, generously giving their time to meet the needs

of their neighbors.
As we celebrate seven decades of service, I ask my colleagues to join

me in honoring the volunteers and community members whose dedication

has made the Delaware Valley Food Pantry a lasting success and will

continue to keep families fed for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EAGLE SCOUT ALEXANDER JOHN SCALICE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate Alexander John

Scalice of Galloway Township, whose hard work and dedication have

earned him the rank of Eagle Scout, the highest distinction in the Boy

Scouts of America.
Throughout his Scouting journey, Alex earned an impressive 40 merit

badges in areas ranging from science, citizenship and communications,

as well as serving in elected leadership roles within his troop.
For

his Eagle project, Alex designed and built six oar carriers for the

Cedar Creek High School Crew team, where he proudly rowed for four

years.
Recognizing the financial challenges faced by the program, he

secured donations from local businesses and individual supporters,

organized a team of volunteers, and led them in completing this

project.
His work not only solved a practical problem for his teammates

but also provided equipment that will support the program for many

seasons to come.
His commitment to service extended beyond Scouting.
Alex volunteered many hours with his church and community, earning two

Catholic Scouting emblems, demonstrating his devotion to both faith and

country.
As he prepares to study Biology and Pre-Med in college, Alex

stands a role model for young people across South Jersey and a source

of pride for his family, his troop, and our community.
I congratulate Alex on this outstanding achievement.
God bless Alex

and God bless

our United States of America.
The greatest country on the face of the

Earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ANDREW ``ANDY'' C. MACK

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Andrew

``Andy'' C. Mack of Londonderry, New Hampshire, a steadfast pillar for

his community who will be remembered for his commitment to service and

his great generosity.
Raised in Londonderry, New Hampshire, Andy was a Granite Stater

through and through.
Earlier in his life, he served his country

honorably in the Army Chemical Corps before returning to Londonderry.
Whether as a town moderator, volunteer firefighter, or Derry Rotarian,

Andy spent his life working for the greater good of his neighbors and

his town.
He had a vibrant civic life and was known for his handmade,

plywood road signs, which boldly shared his views on a variety of

topics.
The passing on of Andy's property is just one of many remarkable

examples of his dedication to the people around him.
After being owned

by his family for seven generations, Andy eventually sold his family

farm to the town of Londonderry.
In doing so, he made sure that the

land would be used for local schools, civic organizations, and nature

conservation.
Andy's passing is a profound loss to Londonderry, but I know that his

legacy will live on through those who knew and loved him, including his

sons, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.