Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize

Madeline Miller of Logan Township, who at just sixteen years old has

earned the rank of Eagle Scout, a distinction achieved by only a small

percentage of Scouts nationwide.
At such a young age, Madeline has

already shown remarkable dedication, leadership, and service.
For her

Eagle project, she designed and built dog play

equipment at the Triple Seven Animal Rescue in Elmer, South Jersey,

creating a doghouse tunnel, hurdle, and even re-purposing a fire

hydrant to provide a lasting space for the animals in their care.
Madeline is currently a student at Padua Academy, an institution known

for preparing young women through a strong Catholic education rooted in

academic excellence and community service.
She is a role model for her

peers, and her Eagle rank reflects not only her perseverance but also

her deep commitment to faith, service, and community.
I congratulate Madeline on this spectacular accomplishment and I look

forward to seeing what else she achieves.
God bless Madeline and God

bless our United States of America.
The greatest country on the face of

the Earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JPS HEALTH NETWORK FOR THE OPENING OF A NEW PSYCHIATRIC

EMERGENCY CENTER

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Leadership and Staff

of JPS Health Network.
On the occasion of the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new

Psychiatric Emergency Center, I extend my deepest congratulations and

recognition on behalf of the people of the 33rd Congressional District.
This remarkable facility represents more than bricks and mortar--it

is a testament to vision, leadership, and an unwavering commitment to

meeting one of our community's most urgent needs.
By tripling capacity

and providing 24/7 specialized behavioral health services for both

adults and adolescents, JPS is not only expanding access to care but

also affirming the dignity, safety, and hope that every individual

deserves.
As Tarrant County's only psychiatric emergency center--and one of the

busiest in the Nation--the opening of this center is a milestone in

advancing compassionate, high-quality care.
It reflects the dedication

of the JPS leadership team, the skill and perseverance of the staff,

and the broad collaboration that made this achievement possible.
I commend them for their service to our community, and I look forward

to the positive impact this facility will have on countless patients,

families, and first responders in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KATE O'CONNOR HARPER

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kate O'Connor Harper

for her service to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
A native of Chicago, Illinois and a graduate of the University of

Chicago, Kate began her career as a Staff Assistant for Senator Mark

Kirk (IL) before becoming Legislative Assistant and Correspondent for

Senator Dan Sullivan (AK).
In 2018, Kate joined President Trump's

administration serving as Deputy Director of Legislative and

Intergovernmental Affairs for the National Telecommunications and

Information Administration where she proved to be a valuable asset and

became Chief of Staff in 2019.
Later that year, Kate returned to

Capitol Hill to become Chief Counsel of the Subcommittee on

Communications and Technology for the House Committee on Energy and

Commerce under Ranking Member Greg Walden.
She continued to lead in

this role under Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers and when I became

Chairman, I knew I wanted to have her at the helm of this subcommittee.
Under her leadership, her team passed historic legislation including

the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversaries Act and the

reauthorization of the FCC's spectrum auction authority.
After serving three Chairmen and two Subcommittee Chairmen, Kate will

soon depart Capitol Hill to work in the private sector as a

telecommunications expert.