She continued to lead in

this role under Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers and when I became

Chairman, I knew I wanted to have her at the helm of this subcommittee.
Under her leadership, her team passed historic legislation including

the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversaries Act and the

reauthorization of the FCC's spectrum auction authority.
After serving three Chairmen and two Subcommittee Chairmen, Kate will

soon depart Capitol Hill to work in the private sector as a

telecommunications expert.
I wish her the best, congratulate her on her

new role, and thank Kate O'Connor Harper for her service to the House

Committee on Energy and Commerce and the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PASO DEL NORTE HEALTH

FOUNDATION

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 30th

anniversary of the Paso Del Norte Health Foundation in El Paso, Texas.
Established in 1995, the Paso Del Norte Health Foundation has worked

to ensure our binational tri-state community has the knowledge,

resources, and support needed to lead healthy and productive lives.
For three decades, the foundation has partnered with countless local

and national organizations to address some of the most critical

challenges in the borderland--from chronic disease prevention,

expanding mental health support, and helping develop the next

generation of healthcare leaders.
The PDNHF has supported local governments, non-profits and

educational institutions to promote health and the well-being of our

community.
Over its 30-year history, the PDNHF has helped reduce

smoking, promoted diabetes awareness and increased physical activity

and healthy eating, created a medical forgivable loan fund, programing

to support oral health, support for the community through the COVID-19

pandemic, and support in growing El Paso's quality of life assets.
The community is grateful for PDNHF's investment in our region and

congratulates the board and staff committed to this mission.
I ask all

my colleagues to join me in celebrating the incredible legacy of the

Paso Del Norte Health Foundation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW TO THE

UNITED STATES

HON.
ABRAHAM J. HAMADEH

Mr. HAMADEH of Arizona.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a warm

welcome to His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, the

spiritual leader of 300 million Orthodox Christians throughout the

world and the current Archbishop of Constantinople, serving in one of

the oldest sees in Christendom.
This month, Patriarch Bartholomew will

visit Washington, D.C., where he will be recognized as this year's

recipient of the prestigious Templeton Prize, an award that has been

garnered in the past by great historical figures such as Mother Teresa,

the Dalai Lama, and Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
In his previous visits to the United States, His All Holiness has had

visitations with five Presidents, he has spoken to both houses of

Congress and has been awarded the Congressional Gold Medal; the highest

award that civilian Congress can bestow.
His next trip will maintain

that longstanding tradition of friendship between the United States and

the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
It is Patriarch Bartholomew's life that embodies ethical and

principled leadership and the patriarch's perseverance that became

proverbial.
Fluent in seven languages and a holder of several

doctorates in Canon Law, he has tirelessly championed the cause of

religious freedom, inter-faith dialogue and environmental

responsibility--earning the endearing nickname ``the Green Patriarch'',

by stating that damaging God's creation is a sin.
At a time when religious persecution, catastrophes and tensions among

religious communities seem to be dominating news headlines, Patriarch

Bartholomew presents an alternate vision: ``War in the name of religion

is war against religion,'' he tells us.
He calls on people of faith of

all traditions to be ``peacemakers'' and protectors of the Earth.
There are thousands of Greek-Americans living in Arizona's 8th

Congressional District, including the hundreds of faithful at St.

Haralambos Greek Orthodox Church in Peoria.