Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Robert Watts on his 90th birthday.
Known as Bobby to many, 
Mr. Watts is revered for his commitment to the Buffalo community, his entrepreneurial spirit, and his selfless service to our country.
Born on September 2, 1934, 
Mr. Watts grew up in Buffalo, New York with his parents, Luther and Lola Watts, and his five siblings.
After graduating from Seneca High School, 
Mr. Watts enlisted in the United States Navy in 1951.
Stationed in Korea, 
Mr. Watts served his country with pride until his honorable discharge in 1959.
After his service in the military, 
Mr. Watts returned to his hometown.
Here, he worked diligently at Bethlehem Steel, CurtissWright Corporation, and New York State Thruway Authority and the Department.
Mr. Watts' exceptional work ethic and commitment to service shone through in every role he held.
Embracing his entrepreneurial ambitions, 
Mr. Watts opened the Stadium Liquor Store at the corner of Best Street and Jefferson Avenue, by the historic War Memorial Stadium, the then-home of the Buffalo Bills.
For nearly 15 years, 
Mr. Watts' store was a community fixture, providing outstanding service to thousands of loyal customers and fans.
Following his time as a business owner, 
Mr. Watts joined the NFTA as a bus driver.
He always engaged in friendly conversations with travelers, bringing a smile to passengers' days.
After a long and successful career, 
Mr. Watts entered a well-deserved retirement in 1999.
Beyond his professional accomplishments, 
Mr. Watts is deeply committed to his faith.
As a lifelong member of the Pilgrim Baptist Church, 
Mr. Watts is a cherished friend and mentor to all who attend the church.
Today, 
Mr. Watts is a devoted and loving husband, father, and brother.
He continues to be an inspiration to all who know him, sharing his compassion and dedication to serving others.
Please join me in celebrating 
Mr. Robert Watts on his 90th birthday and thanking him for his service to our country and to our Buffalo community.