Anniversary of Operation Dragoon and the Southern France Campaign--The Second D-Day in France and the liberation.
Operation Dragoon began on 15 August 1944 and the subsequent Southern France Campaign lasted until 14 September 1944.
The 7th U.S. Army under Lieutenant General Alexander M. Patch, commanded the VIth U.S. Corps under Major General Lucian K. Truscott, II, comprised of three of the Army's most combat-experienced divisions--the 3rd Infantry Division commanded by Major General John Wilson ``Iron Mike'' O'Daniel, the 36th Infantry Division commanded by Major General John E. Dahlquist, and the 45th Infantry Division commanded by Major General William W. Eagles, and Corps troops; the 1st Airborne Task Force commanded by Brigadier General Robert T. Frederick, the Canadian-American 1st Special Service Force commanded by Colonel Edwin A. Walker, and French Army B, later to be renamed the 1st French Army, commanded by General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny.
Office of Strategic Services (OSS) teams were inserted in the months to link up with French Forces of the Interior (FFI, of the Resistance) prior to prepare for the invasion.
The landing forces were ably supported by the Mediterranean Allied Air Force under Lieutenant General Ira C. Eaker and the Western Naval Task Force under Vice Admiral Henry K. Hewitt, conducted the second largest amphibious landing in Europe on 15 August 1944.
The primary objective of Operation Dragoon was to threaten the southern flank of Nazi forces fighting in northern France.
Further objectives were the seizing of the ports of Toulon and Marseille to provide critical logistical support for Allied forces fighting in the whole of France, the introduction of French forces into France, and the stationing of Allied Air Forces in Southern France, to better support combat operations.
Allied military personnel from France, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Greece, and Poland participated in Operation Dragoon and provided critical air and naval support to open the second front in Southern France.
885 ships and landing craft, carrying nearly 1,375 smaller landing craft, with their crews, carried 151,000 troops, 21,400 trucks, tanks, tank destroyers, prime-movers, bulldozers, tractors and other vehicles to the beaches.
Included were 40,850 French personnel and 2,610 vehicles of the 1st French Army.
444 aircraft sorties and 408 glider sorties delivered 6,488 paratroopers, 2,611 glider troops, 213 pieces of artillery, and 221 vehicles to the target area.
The 1st Airborne Task Force successfully landed near Le Muy, La Motte, and Les Arcs causing serious disarray in German command channels which prevented a rapid coordinated response to the main force landings.
Draguignan fell on 16 August.
The 1st Special Service Force cleared the offshore islands of Port Cros and Levant to secure the southern flank of the assault.
Landing on the morning of 15 August all units successfully overwhelmed German defense and expanded the beachhead.
The 3rd Infantry Division cleared the St. Tropez Peninsula, liberating the villages.
Tropez and Cogolin after landing at Ramatuelle, La Croix-Valmer, and Cavalaire-sur-Mer.
The 45th Infantry Division liberated Sainte Maxine and the 36th Infantry Division liberated St. Raphael.
Fighting through the Maures and Esterel hill masses all units reached the Blue Line, the point where the beachhead could no longer be threatened by enemy counterattack.
On 17 August the Truscott's VIth Corps launched its aggressive pursuit of German forces and through the speed of its advance prevented the establishment of defensive positions east of the Rhone Valley.
The Corps' Task Force Butler, following the historic Route Napoleon through the Maritime Alps, the 36th Infantry Division, and 45th Infantry Division rapidly moved north in an effort to flank and trap the German 19th Army withdrawing up the Rhone Valley with the 45th Infantry Division liberating Barjols and clearing the Valensole Plateau, TF Butler and the 36th Infantry Division liberating Sisteron, Gap, and Grenoble.
The 3rd Infantry Division, attacked west along the Argens valley along the Route Nationale (RN) 7, guarding the northern flank of French forces reducing Toulon and Marseille and blocking a possible German counterattack, in the process liberating Le Luc (in cooperation with the 45th Infantry Division and French Armored Command Sudre)--a vital road junction on RN 7, Brignoles, and numerous communities along the approach to Aix-en-Provence including Vauvenargues and Saint-MarcJaumegarde abutting Mont St. Victoire.
While Task Force Butler, then the 36th Infantry Division with attached units from the 45th Infantry Division, fought in the Montelimar Battle Square north of the city of Montelimar from 21 to 29 August, the 3rd Infantry Division continued to press against 19th Army rearguard forces, liberating numerous communities including Aix-en-Provence, Avignon, Lancon-Provence, Salonde-Provence, Orange, Chateauneuf-du-Pape, Bollene, Saint-Paul-TroisChateaux, Valreas, Pierrelatte, La Garde-Adhemar and culminated at the important city of Montelimar on 28 August.
French Army B liberated Toulon and Marseille on 28 August, taking 1,825 casualties but taking 11,000 Nazi prisoners.
On 29 August the 3rd Infantry Division established contact with the 36th Infantry Division near the villages of Sauzet and La Laupie northeast of the city.
The 1st Airborne Task Force and 1st Special Service Force continued to guard the 7th Army's right flank from any German attack from Italy and reduced German forces in the Maritime Alps along the Italian Border--liberating the French Riviera cities of Cannes, Nice and Grasse.
The 19th Army continued its withdrawal towards Lyon, seeking to establish a coherent defensive line to oppose 7th Army's rapid advance, which drove first towards Lyon and then shifted its axis to Dijon.
The 7th Army liberated Lyon on 3 September and continued to press northeast to reach the Belfort Gap, the traditional approach to the Rhine River Valley.
The 3rd Infantry Division liberated Besancon on 7 September after a tough 3-day fight.
The speed of the 7th Army advance prevented the 19th Army's anchoring its defense on Dijon, it therefore withdrew towards the base of the Vosges Mountains.
Approaching the Vosges, the Vlth Corps' three divisions faced stiffening German resistance.
The 3rd Infantry Division liberated Vesoul on 12 September and by 14 September the Corps' three divisions were positioned near the towns of Fougerolles, Luxeuil, Lure, and Villersexel.
French forces made contact with elements of the 3rd Army near Dijon on 11 September.
With this juncture of 3rd and 7th Army forces the Southern France Campaign came to an end.
The 6th Army Group was activated on 15 September and transferred from the Mediterranean Theater to GEN Eisenhower's European Theater.
French forces under 7th Army control were redesignated the 1st French Army and became a separate command under 6th Army Group control.
Under the aggressive leadership of LTG Patch, MG Truscott, and General Delattre de Tassigny U.S. and Allied forces of the 6th Army Group and its supporting air and naval support severely damaged the German 19th Army and during the 30-day Southern France Campaign moved over 400 miles from the landing beaches in Provence to link up with General Eisenhower's forces fighting their way from Normandy on 11 September 1944.
Over \2/3\ of France were liberated in the space of one month.
French Forces of the Interior (the Resistance) contributed tremendously to Dragoon's success providing critical intelligence in the preparation for the landings and with countless small unit actions which harassed Nazi forces throughout the campaign.
In the 30-day campaign to liberate Southern France the U.S. forces suffered 4,500 battle casualties and 5,300 non-battle casualties Nazi forces are assessed as having 7,000 killed in action, 21,000 wounded in action, and 131,250 prisoners of war.
Medals of Honor were awarded to the following 3rd Infantry Division soldiers during the Southern France Campaign: SSG James P. Connor, 15 August in Cavalaire-sur-Mer, SSG Stanley Bender, 17 August in La Londeles-Maures; T/5 Robert D. Maxwell 7 September in Besancon; 2LT Raymond Zussman on 12 September in Noroy-le-Bourg, and 1LI John J. Tominac on 12 September in Vesoul.
Among the Distinguished Service Cross recipients was a young SSG in the 15th Infantry Regiment, Audie Murphy, whose action came near Ramatuelle on 15 August and who would go on to become the most-decorated soldier and best-known soldier of WWII.
Other Medal of Honor recipients were 2LT Stephen R. Gregg from the 36th Infantry Division on 27 August near Montelimar and 2LT Almond E. Fisher of the 45th Infantry Division on 12-13 September near Grammont.
Unit awards included Presidential Unit Citations to the following 3rd Infantry Division units: 1st Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment for its performance in Montelimar on 27 August embroidered Montelimar and the 1st Battalion, 30th Infantry Regiment for Besancon 6-7 September embroidered Besancon; and to the 36th Infantry Division the 1st Battalion, 141st Infantry 15-16 August embroidered Southern France and the 3rd Battalion, 143rd Infantry Regiment 26-29 August for fighting embroidered Montelimar; and Cannon Company, 442nd Infantry Regiment for the full campaign embroidered Southern France.