Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reverend Kathy Cooper Ledesma upon her retirement as the Co-Senior Pastor of the Hollywood United Methodist Church (HUMC), in Los Angeles, California.
Reverend Kathy Cooper Ledesma received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Occidental College in 1982 and a Master of Divinity from the Claremont School of Theology in 1988.
Upon completion of her education, Kathy began her service for the California Council of Churches, specializing in education and public policy.
Under her outstanding direction as Board Chair, she accomplished several statewide projects on welfare reform faith-based childcare, and interfaith relations.
In 2005, Rev. Cooper Ledesma brought her tremendous leadership skills to the University of Southern California Center for Religion and Civic Culture where she worked as a project specialist on issues related to faith communities and preschool for all, earning the Boutillier Award for Distinguished Ecumenical Service.
Rev. Cooper Ledesma is an elder and leading force in the CaliforniaPacific Conference of the United Methodist Church, as well a dedicated member of Hollywood 4WRD, a coalition supporting our unhoused neighbors.
As one of the founding leaders of the Homeless Task Force of the Hollywood area faith entities (LA VOICE), Kathy welcomes all with unfailing compassion and limitless kindness, providing hygiene packs and meals for the unhoused population, ensuring that everyone is served both physically and spiritually.
Her extensive work with the LGBTQ+ community during her time as the Chair of the Community Advisory Panel of the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD) HIV/AIDS Education and Prevention Unit has helped countless people, as has her service as the Co-Chair of the Bishop's Task Force on Children and Poverty and a member of the Los Angeles County's Safe Surrender Task Force.
Founded in 1909, the Hollywood United Methodist Church has provided unwavering support and spiritual guidance to its congregants for over a century.
Serving the Los Angeles United Methodist Church congregation since 2006, Rev. Cooper Ledesma has worked tirelessly to build faith and spirituality in the heart.
For over thirty years, the HUMC has offered supportive services and pastoral counseling for persons and their family members living with HIV/AIDS.
The church's installation of the enormous Red Ribbons of Love on both campuses, a universal symbol of awareness and support for those living with HIV/ AIDS, shapes the sanctuary to be a place of ``hope and love.''
Kathy's bright spirit cultivates a vibrant and inclusive congregation that celebrates diversity.
Under her leadership as Co-Senior Pastor, the HUMC has excelled in outreach towards young urban professionals, progressives, and families with children.
Rev. Cooper Ledesma is a loving mother of two adult children with her late husband, Rev. Rene Ledesma, and a devoted member of the community.
After over four decades of service, it is an honor to pay homage to Rev. Kathy Cooper Ledesma for her contributions to aiding the unhoused population and promoting faith inclusivity.
It has been a great privilege to work with Kathy over the years and see her tremendous impact on the community.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this remarkable, well-respected reverend in California's 30th Congressional District, Rev. Kathy Cooper Ledesma.