Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th anniversary.
For half a century, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital has provided the highest level of healthcare to the Town of Amherst and the Weston New York community.
On August 12, 1974, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital opened as a full service community hospital with 150 beds.
This achievement was the culmination of thirty years of hard work from community members and organizations in the Town of Amherst and the Town.
The hospital was built on 31.5 acres of land generously donated by Charles K. Basset, who wanted to address the ever-growing need to have a hospital in the community.
Additionally, the Women's Auxiliary of the Amherst-Clarence Hospital Association was instrumental in the hospital's development, pledging over $100,000 in 1969 for its construction.
The Women's Board of Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital continues to play a vital role in the hospital today, hosting fundraisers to support facility upgrades and fund services in the community.
Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital underwent significant expansions and renovations in 1987, 2008, 2015, and 2018, now standing as a fourstory, 400,000 square foot facility.
The 2015 expansion, in collaboration with John R. Oishei Children's Hospital, added a Level II Neonatal Intensive Care Unit to the hospital.
This addition has allowed for Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital to bring comprehensive maternity care to the northtowns.
Today, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital is a full acute care hospital with 265 beds.
It provides inpatient and outpatient care, diagnostic testing, and subspecialty services equivalent to those often seen in city medical centers.
Further, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital was one of the first hospitals in Western New York to offer robotic surgery, with a current fleet of five robotic-assisted consoles.
Please join me in congratulating the employees and leadership of Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital on their 50th anniversary and thanking them for providing quality medical care to Western New York.