Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fairfax High School in Los Angeles, California upon its 100th Anniversary.
Fairfax High School first opened its doors in 1924, welcoming students onto its campus.
It was named after Lord Fairfax, an inspiring mentor and friend to future U.S. President George Washington.
The school's first Principal was Rae G. Van Cleve, who served until 1938.
Originally designed as an agricultural and mechanical school that taught ``practical'' skills, programs on the 28-acre campus included architecture, forestry, agronomy, and landscaping gardening, as students in that area lived in what was then a largely rural part of Los Angeles.
In a few short years, and after the gymnasium and a fine arts building were added, the high school was already an established, esteemed institution in the Fairfax area.
During World War II, many Fairfax students and alumni joined the war effort by enlisting in the military, selling bonds and holding recycling drives.
In the 1950's the school had a large Jewish student body and Modern Hebrew classes were taught.
The 1960's and 1970's saw many foreign languages being offered including Latin, German, Hebrew and Chinese.
While most of the original campus facilities were demolished in 1966 due to new seismic standards, the iconic rotunda and historic auditorium were spared by preservationists and retrofitted.
In 1981 the Fairfax Magnet Center for Visual Arts opened and remains the only visual arts magnet in the Los Angeles Unified School District and in 1984, Dr. Virginia Uribe founded Project 10 at Fairfax High School, the nation's first on-site program that welcomed and supported LGBTQ+ students in a school setting.
In the mid-1990's, a group of local theater artists held the first Melrose Trading Post flea market to support art, community and small business.
Because of its success, the weekly marketplace now hosts hundreds of unique vendors featuring local dancers, musicians and thespians, and works with Greenway Arts Alliance to support Fairfax High School's leadership and arts programs.
For a century, Fairfax High School has provided thousands of students with an excellent education.
The school has produced notable alumni across many fields, including well-known late actors Mickey Rooney, Carole Lombard, and Ricardo Montalban, former Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky, molecular biologist and public health advocate Marion Nestle, and former Los Angeles Clippers basketball player Craig Smith.
I ask all Members to join me today in honoring Fairfax High School upon its centennial celebration.
The entire Los Angeles community joins me in thanking the school for the outstanding educational opportunities it has provided for the youth of California's 30th Congressional District.