After joining the United States Navy, Petty Officer Schneider became

a Nuclear Machinist Mate and throughout his service was stationed in

Orlando, Idaho Falls, Alameda, Puget Sound, Naval Shipyard, Ballston

Spa Naval Nuclear Power Training Unit, and was deployed during

Operation Desert Storm.
Throughout his tenure in the armed services, he

earned several military commendations including but not limited to the

Navy Achievement Medal, two Good Conduct Awards, a Letter of

Commendation, the Southwest Asia Service Medal with a Bronze Star, the

Battle Effectiveness Award, and the Sea Service Deployment Ribbon.
Following his active-duty service, Art pursued a career in Cryogenic

Field Service, became a Mechanical Instructor, and went on to become a

Welding Equipment Repair Technician.
Today, Art Schneider is a member

of the Cherry Hill American Legion Post 372, Veterans of Foreign Wars

Post 8051, American Veterans Post 101, and Disabled American Veterans E

J Newton Memorial Chapter 4.
Petty Officer Schneider continues to serve

his community assisting veterans throughout the region and specifically

in his role as the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Aide-de-Camp from

2016 to 2017, and Senior Vice Commander of the Philadelphia Veterans of

Foreign Wars District 1 from 2016 to 2020.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring and commending Petty

Officer 3rd Class Art Schneider of Cherry Hill, New Jersey, a resident

dedicated to his family, community, and country, who has intrepidly

served each to the best of his ability.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SPARTA UNICO'S 25TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate Sparta UNICO on its 25th anniversary.
As the name UNICO attests, this organization is truly unique.
It

combines a celebration of Italian-American culture with a passion for

charitable initiatives and local community service.
From awarding

students in our school districts with academic scholarships, to

fundraising for local food pantries and other charities, Sparta UNICO

has impacted the lives of many residents in New Jersey's Seventh

District.
Our communities have certainly benefitted from the noble

efforts of Sparta UNICO, and I am grateful to have such an exemplary

organization operating in our district.
I wish UNICO a wonderful 25th anniversary.
I thank them again for

promoting such incredible cultural diversity in our communities, and

for admirable dedication to making our district a healthier, safer, and

more vibrant place to live.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF REVEREND DR.
TOMMIE L. LEWIS AS PASTOR OF

BETHEL MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH PRATT CITY

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary

career of a faithful servant leader, Reverend Dr. Tommie L. Lewis, as

he celebrates his retirement as senior pastor of Bethel Missionary

Baptist Church Pratt City after 42 years of service to the Birmingham

community.
Pastor T.L. Lewis answered the call to ministry on January 6, 1973,

becoming licensed to preach at the Shady Grove Missionary Baptist

Church in Birmingham, Alabama, and was ordained by incumbent Reverend

G.W. Sloan on July 29, 1973.
Pastor Lewis is an accomplished biblical scholar.
He attended the

Birmingham Easonian Baptist Bible College, earning a Bachelor of Arts

and a Bachelor of Theology before earning a Master of Divinity degree

at Universal Bible Institute in Brunswick, Georgia.
Pastor Lewis

received two honorary doctoral degrees from both his alma maters for

his contributions to ministry through his public service.
Pastor Lewis accepted his first pastoral assignment at the First

Baptist Church Carver in Bessemer, Alabama.
He then served at the

Antioch Baptist Church in Gadsden, Alabama.
In 1982, Pastor Lewis was

commissioned to his final home in Birmingham as head pastor of Bethel

Baptist Church Pratt City, where he has remained for the past 42 years

of his career.