Reverend Knight served as pastor

until 1968, when Reverend Dr. Emmett L. Fleming Sr.
became the fourth

pastor of the church.
Under Reverend Dr. Fleming's tenure, the church embarked on ambitious

projects, including erecting an educational building and renovating the

sanctuary.
His legacy of community outreach and ministry development

laid a strong foundation for the future.
In 2001, Reverend Dr. Yvonne Jones Bibbs became the fifth pastor of

Sixth Baptist Church, continuing the tradition of stewardship and

community engagement.
As pastor, Rev. Dr. Bibbs has overseen the church

through two phases of construction and renovations to improve

facilities and worship spaces for the growing congregation.
Throughout its 100 years, Sixth Baptist Church has remained a

steadfast place of worship for congregants and members of the Richmond

community.
As we celebrate Sixth Baptist Church's centennial, we honor

the past, embrace the present, and look forward to a future filled with

continued growth and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD FOR MICHAEL WYSOCKI

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Michael

Wysocki of Dallas, Texas, and present him with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
Michael is an experienced jurist and courtroom litigator

who has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
Michael is a distinguished graduate of the University of Texas at

Tyler and Texas Tech University School of Law.
In 2006, he was admitted

to the State Bar of Texas and became board-certified in Family Law in

2011.
Michael is licensed to practice law in Texas, New Mexico, and

before the U.S. Supreme Court.
He became the Managing Shareholder of

O'Neil Wysocki, P.C., with offices in Dallas, Fort Worth, and Houston.
Over the years, Michael has successfully represented many clients who

are experiencing family and domestic legal issues.
For his extensive work and efforts, Michael was named a Texas Rising

Star lawyer three times and recognized as a Texas Super Lawyer since

2014, a prestigious title awarded to less than five percent of all

lawyers statewide.
Additionally, he has been honored by the Annette

Stewart Family Law Inns of Court for his professionalism.
In his free

time, Michael volunteers on political campaigns to elect Republican

candidates and helps appoint qualified Judges throughout Texas.
Whether

he is in the courtroom or on the campaign trail, Michael is a fierce

fighter and advocate for American values.
It is an honor to bestow Michael with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation and the people of North Texas.
I wish

him continued success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PETTY OFFICER ART SCHNEIDER, CHERRY HILL HOMETOWN HERO

HON.
DONALD NORCROSS

Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commend Petty

Officer Art Schneider, Cherry Hill Hometown Hero.
Petty Officer 3rd Class Art Schneider was born in Cherry Hill, New

Jersey.
Following in the footstep of both of his grandfathers and two

of his uncles, Petty Officer Schneider enlisted into the United States

Navy on September 5, 1990.
After joining the United States Navy, Petty Officer Schneider became

a Nuclear Machinist Mate and throughout his service was stationed in

Orlando, Idaho Falls, Alameda, Puget Sound, Naval Shipyard, Ballston

Spa Naval Nuclear Power Training Unit, and was deployed during

Operation Desert Storm.
Throughout his tenure in the armed services, he

earned several military commendations including but not limited to the

Navy Achievement Medal, two Good Conduct Awards, a Letter of

Commendation, the Southwest Asia Service Medal with a Bronze Star, the

Battle Effectiveness Award, and the Sea Service Deployment Ribbon.
Following his active-duty service, Art pursued a career in Cryogenic

Field Service, became a Mechanical Instructor, and went on to become a

Welding Equipment Repair Technician.