Pastor Lewis accepted his first pastoral assignment at the First

Baptist Church Carver in Bessemer, Alabama.
He then served at the

Antioch Baptist Church in Gadsden, Alabama.
In 1982, Pastor Lewis was

commissioned to his final home in Birmingham as head pastor of Bethel

Baptist Church Pratt City, where he has remained for the past 42 years

of his career.
During his tenure, Pastor Lewis has served ``Bethel Nation,'' well,

expanding its congregation to thousands and positioning the church to

its status as a beacon of hope in the Pratt City community.
Pastor

Lewis' legacy has been fueled by his servant's heart, commitment to

community, and passion for improving the lives of others.
His position

as a powerful force for good extends far beyond the sanctuary walls.
Pastor Lewis has dedicated his life to building a coalition of

community servants that will far outlast him.
His tutelage led to

fifty-three

others heeding the call to ministry that Pastor Lewis himself answered

fifty-two years ago.
In 1990, the Bethel Baptist Church erected a new

Worship Center, including a sanctuary with a seating capacity of 1800,

an office plaza, a conference room, a library, and a nursery.
Pastor

Lewis worked to expand Bethel's community service by commissioning a

new Family Life Center.
This building also became a permanent home for

the Bethel Community Learning Center, which garnered thousands of state

and federal dollars to support community development and education

initiatives.
Tragically, in April of 2011, these buildings were destroyed by a

devastating tornado.
In the face of adversity, Pastor Lewis did not

hesitate to spring into action, leaning on his faith to rally his

community together and restore their church home.
He then established

the Bethel Emergency Management Agency, which led the restoration and

revitalization efforts of Bethel Baptist Church Pratt City and the

surrounding community.
Pastor Lewis facilitated the construction of a

new sanctuary beginning in April 2012, and the new home of Bethel

Nation was completed and consecrated on August 24, 2014.
In addition to his leadership in Birmingham, Pastor Lewis has also

been the guiding force behind international missions, spreading his

spiritual teachings across the globe.
He has delivered sermons on

different continents throughout the world.
No matter how far his

ministry has taken him, Pastor Lewis has always remained committed to

home.
He has displayed his commitment to public service through his

leadership and religious affiliations, which include the Pratt City

Ministerial Alliance, the Birmingham Metropolitan Baptist Ministerial

Conference, and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
Beyond his work in the clergy, Pastor Lewis' civic affiliations

include former Captain for the Bessemer Police and Fire Department

Chaplaincy Corps, Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Jefferson

County Transit Authority, Chairman of the Board of Directors for the

Jefferson County Commission of Economic Opportunity, and State

President for the National Rainbow Push Coalition.
Pastor Lewis was

honored by the Magic City in 1988 with his induction into the City of

Birmingham's Gallery of Distinguished Citizens--a bust of him is

displayed in the Birmingham City Hall to commemorate this achievement.
On a personal note, Pastor T.L. Lewis holds a special place in my

heart as a dear friend and trusted spiritual advisor.
I was honored to

host Pastor Lewis at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C.,

as one of the first pastors in our district to attend.
I know I can

always count on his wise words and counsel when I need inspiration.
Pastor Lewis' mentorship has meant so much to me over the years and has

positively impacted me as a public servant.
After the devastating

storms of 2011, Pastor Lewis' leadership and faith were a beacon of

hope for me and so many others as we rebuilt.
His deep love for his

community renews my passion for public service and reminds me of why I

am in Washington.