Title: ADDRESSING THE CRIMES OF CHILD RAPE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
62

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ADDRESSING THE CRIMES OF CHILD RAPE

HON.
ANNA PAULINA LUNA

Mrs. LUNA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the horrific crimes

of child rape.
A fundamental principle of justice: the punishment of those who

commit the most egregious crimes against the innocence of our children.
It is a matter that strikes at the very core of our values and demands

our unwavering attention and action.
There will be those who argue that the death penalty is

unconstitutional.
But let me be unequivocal: when it comes to

protecting our children from the horrors of child rape, the death

penalty is not only constitutional, it is a moral imperative.
Our Constitution stands as a beacon of freedom and justice, crafted

to safeguard the rights and liberties of every American.
Yet, what

greater violation of those rights could there be than the brutal and

unforgivable abuse of our most vulnerable--our children?
The federal

minimum for child rape must be upgraded to the death penalty, and a

minimum of life behind bars.
For it is not merely a matter of

punishment, but of deterrence and justice.
We must send a resounding message to those who would prey upon our

children: such heinous crimes will not be tolerated in our society, and

those who commit them will face the most severe consequences, a life

for a life.
Protecting our children is not just a duty, it is our

sacred obligation as a Nation.
We cannot turn a blind eye to the

suffering of innocent victims or allow such predators to roam freely

among us.
We must hold these monsters accountable.
It is our responsibility to ensure that our children are safe from

harm, and that those who would seek to harm them are swiftly and

decisively punished.
Upgrading the federal minimum for child rape to

the death penalty is not about vengeance--it is about justice.
It is

about standing up for the most vulnerable members of our society and

sending a clear message that their safety and well-being are paramount.
The time has come to reaffirm our commitment to protecting our

children from harm.
Let us stand together, united in our resolve, and

demand that those who commit such heinous acts face the full force of

the law.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF DAVID CHAPEL MISSIONARY BAPTIST

CHURCH

HON.
GREG CASAR

Mr. CASAR.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the David

Chapel Missionary Baptist Church's celebration of its 100th anniversary

this year.
In 1924, 28 African American members founded the Church out of a

former blacksmith's shop in Austin, Texas.
David Chapel would move

twice, landing in its current site at MLK and Chestnut in 1958.
Its

membership continued to expand, and the need for larger accommodations

became clear.
At the height of racial segregation in the American

South, White-owned banks refused to provide the loans necessary for the

building of a new space of worship.
Undeterred, David Chapel pursued the funds, development, and

construction they needed for the structure, becoming a truly community-

driven project.
Additionally, the building was designed by John Chase,

the first Black graduate of the University of Texas at Austin's School

of Architecture.
Through the commitment and dedication of many, the

construction of the current David Chapel Missionary Baptist Church

building was finished only a year after it started.
Since 1992, David Chapel has been led by its Senior Pastor, Rev.

Joseph C. Parker, Jr., Esq.,
D. Min.
Under Rev. Parker's leadership,

David Chapel has increased its community involvement by developing and

implementing the Chestnut Neighborhood Plan, and co-founding the Texas

Congregations United for Empowerment (TCUE), an organization of Black

churches in Central Texas working to increase their economic and

community empowerment.