Livestock who, by the Bureau of Land

Management's own statistics, graze nearly six times more

public land than wild horses, vastly outnumbering them on

their own designated territories.
Not only does public

grazing of cattle and sheep degrade biodiversity, it also

subsidizes billion-dollar cattle corporations at the expense

of hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars: a stark contrast

to small ranchers who are forced to pay rising grazing fees.
As human beings, we wield unprecedented power to disrupt

the thriving natural ecological balance of our planet and

therefore unprecedented responsibility to sustain it.
As the

National Academy of Sciences along with a multitude of

independent scientists and researchers have attested, our

land's ecological harmony is, in its current state,

fundamentally broken.
As law scholars have passionately

voiced, our legal compliance with the Wild Free-Roaming

Horses and Burros Act is fundamentally broken.
As Indigenous

representatives have testified, our relationship with the

land is fundamentally broken.
You, Members of Congress, wield the power to defend this

untamed wildness that is the history and heart of America

before it reaches extinction level.
Each of you, Members of

Congress, are in a unique position to rectify this

dysfunctional system that is compromising our environment,

our economy, and the natural wonders and gifts we are

collectively responsible for, to pass down to our children

untarnished and undestroyed.
Therefore, I am not asking for a radical, partisan rewrite:

I am asking for a conversation.
It is up to you to reevaluate

the priorities of our nation . . .
before it's too late.
As a

sixteen-year-old constituent, it is of imperative importance

to me that the planet of my future is managed sustainably,

and that carelessness does not forever eliminate the tonic of

wildness that makes our Earth a home.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ELAINA MURPHY

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Elaina Murphy for her

service to Kentucky's Second District.
A Nicholasville, Kentucky

native, Elaina obtained her Bachelors Degree from Centre College in

2015 and her Masters Degree from George Washington University in 2017.
Nearly a decade ago, I welcomed Elaina to my team as a summer intern

in July 2015 before she transitioned to become my Staff Assistant until

December 2015.
In August 2016, I welcomed her back to my office as my

Legislative Correspondent.
She has since advanced to roles as

Legislative Assistant, Senior Legislative Assistant, and most recently

Senior Policy Advisor.
Elaina has worked tirelessly in nearly every

legislative area in my office with particular interests in foreign

affairs, energy, and telecommunications.
She has been essential to many

projects in my office, including spearheading the Spectrum Caucus, and

has been a passionate advocate for America's gold standard military

installation, Fort Knox.
I want to thank Elaina for her work serving her home state and

Kentucky's Second District as a constant, reliable member of my team.
I

wish her the best as she excels in this next chapter of her career on

Capitol Hill expanding her work in foreign affairs as she goes to work

for the House Intelligence Committee.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KIM HUSTON

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kim Huston on her

retirement from nearly 30 years of working in local economic

development in Nelson County.
As President of the Nelson County Economic Development Agency and

Bardstown Industrial Development Corporation, Kim has been a tireless

advocate for Nelson County and ensuring their economic success.
During

her time in economic development she has overseen more than

$1,500,000,000 in investments in her area and made sure Nelson County

had a seat at the table in a global economy by building relationships

with business leaders worldwide.
Kim has been a champion for making Nelson County a global tourist

destination.