Since 1992, David Chapel has been led by its Senior Pastor, Rev.

Joseph C. Parker, Jr., Esq.,
D. Min.
Under Rev. Parker's leadership,

David Chapel has increased its community involvement by developing and

implementing the Chestnut Neighborhood Plan, and co-founding the Texas

Congregations United for Empowerment (TCUE), an organization of Black

churches in Central Texas working to increase their economic and

community empowerment.
As the Congressman representing the 35th District of Texas, I am

honored to congratulate Rev. Packer and David Chapel Missionary Baptist

Church on its 100th anniversary of providing spiritual guidance and

serving the needs of our community in East Austin and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WILDFLOWER LUNCHEON

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 20th

anniversary of the Frisco Garden Club's Wildflower Luncheon in Frisco,

Texas.
In 2002, the City of Frisco established a memorial composed of

wildflowers in honor of the victims of the September 11, 2001 attacks

on our Nation.
In the following year, Frisco Garden Club member Edna

Willits proposed the addition of a native plant garden and monument at

the memorial.
Through her passionate advocacy and dedication, the

Freedom Meadow memorial was constructed.
In benefit of Freedom Meadow,

the Club held its first ``Wildflower Tea and Silent Auction'' on April

29, 2004.
This successful luncheon yielded the Club over $4,500 and

allowed Freedom Meadow to expand into the beautiful and moving monument

it is today.
Since then, the Club has hosted the Wildflower Luncheon every year to

raise funds in support of gardens throughout Frisco and conservation

initiatives for Texas bluebirds.
Additionally, the Club has annually

awarded two high school seniors with scholarships thanks to funds

raised from this event.
I am proud to recognize the Frisco Garden

Club's incredible efforts to support and uplift our community.
Their

important work represents American strength, hope, and resolve against

those who would harm us.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of this historic occasion.
I wish the Frisco

Garden Club and the Wildflower Luncheon continued success for many more

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING SIXTH BAPTIST CHURCH'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th

anniversary of Sixth Baptist Church in Richmond, Virginia.
In 1923, Reverend Edward D. Caffee led 25 members from Mount Carmel

Baptist Church to establish a Mission, initially known as St. Luke's

Mission.
Despite initial challenges in obtaining recognition, on

December 12, 1923, the Mission was officially recognized as St. Luke

Baptist Church.
Under Reverend Caffee's guidance, the church flourished, moving to

North Sixth Street in 1924, where it held its first service on December

28, 1924.
In November 1927, the Reverend Joseph Arrington was appointed

as pastor of Sixth Baptist Church.
At Arrington's recommendation and

with the congregation's consent, the church officially changed its name

from St. Luke Baptist Church to Sixth Street Baptist Church.
Despite financial struggles during the Great Depression, the church

persevered, paying off its mortgage in 1944.
In 1952, recognizing the

changing landscape of Richmond, the congregation moved to the West End,

renaming itself Sixth Baptist Church.
Under the leadership of Reverend

Arrington, the church's membership grew to an astounding 350 members.
After 33 years of faithful service, Reverend Arrington stepped down

as pastor, paving the way for the appointment of Haywood Knight as

Sixth Baptist Church's new senior pastor.
Under Reverend Knight's

leadership, the church renovated its fellowship hall and established

the Fellowship Club and Youth Church.
Reverend Knight served as pastor

until 1968, when Reverend Dr. Emmett L. Fleming Sr.
became the fourth

pastor of the church.
Under Reverend Dr. Fleming's tenure, the church embarked on ambitious

projects, including erecting an educational building and renovating the

sanctuary.