As President of the Nelson County Economic Development Agency and

Bardstown Industrial Development Corporation, Kim has been a tireless

advocate for Nelson County and ensuring their economic success.
During

her time in economic development she has overseen more than

$1,500,000,000 in investments in her area and made sure Nelson County

had a seat at the table in a global economy by building relationships

with business leaders worldwide.
Kim has been a champion for making Nelson County a global tourist

destination.
Alongside keeping Bardstown the Bourbon Capital of the

World, she oversaw the city being named the most Beautiful Small Town

in America by USA Today and Rand McNally in 2012.
Her passion for

Nelson County is felt by everyone who has met her and she captured that

passion by proudly authoring three books about her hometown.
I want to thank Kim for her work in Nelson County and wish her a

happy retirement as she spends more time with her family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PROFESSOR MARIELAINE MAMMON FOR EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE TO OUR

STATE AND ACADEMIC COMMUNITY

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Professor

Marielaine Mammon as she is honored as a recipient of the 2024 Dale P.

Parnell Distinguished Faculty Award.
This national award recognizes

exemplary faculty members from America's community colleges.
Through

her decades of service to the County College of Morris (CCM) in New

Jersey's Eleventh Congressional District, Professor Mammon continues to

inspire classes of students.
Professor Mammon dedicated her education and career to the performing

arts.
Of her 51 years of teaching experience, she dedicated 47 years to

CCM and has made a lasting impact on our community.
Professor Mammon is

a tremendous mentor and she inspires her students to see their full

potential while honing the skills needed to reach their goals.
Through

her extraordinary career in the performing arts, including performances

at Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall, Professor

Mammon leads her students by example.
Outside of the classroom, Professor Mammon is deeply involved on

campus, whether she is chairing Hispanic Heritage Month celebrations,

leading choir performances at local senior living facilities, or

creating interdisciplinary opportunities for students.
She has served

on numerous committees, including the Pandemic Response Team, Academic

Standards Committee, and Curriculum Committee.
Through these

extracurricular efforts, Professor Mammon hears directly from both

students and faculty on their needs on campus and she brings this

understanding to her work.
I am honored to recognize Professor Mammon for her exemplary career

and congratulate her on this well-deserved recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING QUIRINA OROZCO

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to Join the Sacramento

Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce in recognition of the 2023 Al Geiger

Memorial Award Honoree, West Sacramento City Council Member Quirina

Orozco, for her ongoing exemplary public service to the Sacramento

region.
Council Member Orozco is an excellent leader in our community

who demonstrates that the Sacramento region's approach to everything

from economic development, innovation, community outreach, and advocacy

can and should be a model for the rest of the country.
Council Member

Orozco's commitment to public service illustrates the very reason why I

love my congressional district.
Our leaders have always sought to

innovate, to push the envelope, and--most importantly--to deliver for

out constituents.
Even before her time in elected office, Council Member Orozco had

demonstrated a commitment to public service, serving in the White House

while crafting federal education policy and later as an advisor to then

Lt.
Governor Cruz Bustamante on tribal community and veteran issues.
To

this day, Council Member Orozco continues her service to the public as

a prosecutor for the Sacramento County District Attorney's Office, with

a focus on sexual assault and child abuse cases.