Pastor Lewis' mentorship has meant so much to me over the years and has

positively impacted me as a public servant.
After the devastating

storms of 2011, Pastor Lewis' leadership and faith were a beacon of

hope for me and so many others as we rebuilt.
His deep love for his

community renews my passion for public service and reminds me of why I

am in Washington.
I am proud to congratulate him for his 42 years of

service to the Bethel Baptist Church Pratt City congregation and

surrounding community.
Though he is retiring, I know his service will

not end here, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in recognizing the extraordinary leadership and

exemplary service of Reverend Dr. T.L. Lewis and his contributions to

the Birmingham community and the State of Alabama as the senior pastor

of Bethel Missionary Baptist Church Pratt City.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROTECTING OUR WILD HORSES

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record a

statement from Josselyn Wolf, a young woman from Rhode Island, who

appears with me in the documentary film ``Wild Beauty: Mustang Spirit

of the West'' about the plight of America's wild horses.
She is an

advocate for H.R. 3656, the Wild Horse and Burro Protection Act, of

which I am an original cosponsor, and has some insightful thoughts to

share about how the Wild Horse and Burro Program is being run by the

Bureau of Land Management.
This is her statement:

``We need the tonic of wildness.''
This powerful sentiment,

articulated by Henry David Thoreau in his reflective piece

Walden, was embodied when millions of children sent letters

to Congress--more letters than any non-war-related movement

has generated in American history--begging for the protection

of one of our nation's most treasured species: the wild

horse.
Harnessing the power of our democratic republic, these

voices inspired the unanimous passage of the 1971 Wild Free-

Roaming Horses and Burros Act.
The Act reserved roughly 47

million acres of Western rangelands for the unbridled

existence of wild horses and burros and promised the

dwindling numbers of mustangs--then at extinction level--

protection from ``capture, branding, harassment, or death.''
Over fifty years since the passage of that vital

legislation, half of designated herd management areas have

been eliminated and the protections promised by the Act

continue to be grossly and sometimes violently violated under

a system that misleads and misinforms Congress, the media,

and the American people.
Each year, Congress allocates over one hundred million

dollars to the Bureau of Land Management to support the Wild

Horse and Burro Program: a system that endangers, kills,

incarcerates, and separates close-knit equine families

through the use of traumatic helicopter-induced stampedes and

dismal holding facilities, a system overseen by land managers

who claim to restore the land while destroying it, a system

that has sent thousands of wild horses--wild horses: the

icons of freedom and grit that define our great nation--to

the slaughter pipeline.
Why?
To support millions of livestock who produce less than

two percent of American beef, much of which is shipped

overseas to China.
Livestock who, by the Bureau of Land

Management's own statistics, graze nearly six times more

public land than wild horses, vastly outnumbering them on

their own designated territories.
Not only does public

grazing of cattle and sheep degrade biodiversity, it also

subsidizes billion-dollar cattle corporations at the expense

of hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars: a stark contrast

to small ranchers who are forced to pay rising grazing fees.
As human beings, we wield unprecedented power to disrupt

the thriving natural ecological balance of our planet and

therefore unprecedented responsibility to sustain it.