Even before her time in elected office, Council Member Orozco had

demonstrated a commitment to public service, serving in the White House

while crafting federal education policy and later as an advisor to then

Lt.
Governor Cruz Bustamante on tribal community and veteran issues.
To

this day, Council Member Orozco continues her service to the public as

a prosecutor for the Sacramento County District Attorney's Office, with

a focus on sexual assault and child abuse cases.
Council Member

Orozco's commitment to our community has been an ongoing facet of her

life--a commitment that the West Sacramento community is both grateful

for and counting on.
As a member of the West Sacramento City Council, Council Member

Orozco has continued to champion the West Sacramento chapter of the

Downtown Streets Team to create opportunities for unhoused individuals

who are seeking to break out of the cycle of recurring systemic trauma

and incarceration.
Council Member Orozco's support was critical for the

West Sacramento Home Run program, which provides community members with

access to high-quality early learning for young children, college

savings accounts, and internships.
Council Member Orozco's service

continues to demonstrate how diligent and focused advocacy can create

real change in our communities.
Mr. Speaker, today we honor West Sacramento City Council Member

Quirina Orozco for her extraordinary service to the City of West

Sacramento and the Greater Sacramento Region for many more years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STAN LYFORD'S 50 YEARS WITH PORTSMOUTH HIGH SCHOOL'S TRACK

PROGRAM

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Stan Lyford's more

than fifty years of outstanding contributions to the Portsmouth High

School Track Program.
Since 1975, Stan has been a committed coach and

mentor for the Portsmouth High School girls track and cross-country

teams where he works to motivate his athletes to succeed not just on

the track, but also in their academic and personal lives.
With a

lifelong passion for giving back to his community and ensuring that

every student can succeed, Stan embodies the value of service above

self and has had an immeasurable effect on strengthening the Portsmouth

community.
In addition to his profound impact on the Portsmouth High School

Track Program, Stan was also a math teacher at Portsmouth High School

where he worked to engage with students and equip them to reach their

highest academic potential.
Although he retired from teaching in 2007,

his continued role as head coach showcases his lifelong commitment to

his students.
On behalf of New Hampshire's First District, I commend Stan for

reaching this remarkable fifty-year milestone in his continued service

to his community.
The amount of trust placed in Stan for over half a

century is a testament to his efficacy and compassion as a teacher,

coach, and leader.
I look forward to seeing what he will continue to

achieve as he carries

on his commitment to the Portsmouth Track Program.