Through this initiative,

she helped raise over $900 for the Zebra Youth Foundation, supporting

LGBTQ+ youth in Central Florida.
Now in the process of becoming a peer support advocate, Sabra is

especially passionate about mental health awareness in the fire

service--an industry that can sometimes make individuals feel invisible

or out of place.
With the support of her County and community allies,

she proudly stands up for those who need to feel seen, supported, and

valued.
She continues to serve not only as a first responder but as a

voice, a helper, and a source of strength for those in need.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSITION TO H.R. 884, H.R. 2056, AND H.R. 2096

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, last week the Republican Majority in the

House of Representatives decided that they know better than the

residents of the District of Columbia what their local government

needs.
All Members of Congress are sent here by our constituents to

represent their interests, and to vote on matters of federal

importance.
We aren't sent here to rule on specific local ordinances or

funding decisions made by the cities and counties in any of our

districts.
Yet Republicans have brought three bills to the floor--H.R.

884, H.R. 2056, and H.R. 2096--to do exactly that.
They want to tell

the District of Columbia's 700,000 residents that the laws and policies

they have voted for, and that were crafted by their local elected

officials, are null and void.
Mr. Speaker, none of us ran for or were elected to serve as D.C.

Council members.
I've been a city council member.
It's a very different

job, with a direct line of responsibility to the residents who elect

you to deal with everything from potholes to public safety.
That local

representation and local responsiveness is a key part of our democracy,

and Republicans are proposing to strip that local self-governance away

from the residents of the District of Columbia.
If Republicans want to take steps to address an issue with national

importance, they can bring forward a bill that enforces it nationally.
I will not vote for these attempts to decide those issues for a single

district at the local level, whether in the District of Columbia or in

the districts of any Member here.
One of the bills before us last week, H.R. 884, would repeal D.C.'s

local law that allows

noncitizens to vote in local elections.
I have serious concerns with

allowing noncitizens who do not hold a green card to vote in local

elections, but this is the wrong way to go about addressing that.
I

voted present because I can't support repealing a local D.C. law, but I

do support having a conversation about how we define voter eligibility

nationwide.
I voted No on H.R. 2096, the Protecting Our Nation's Capital

Emergency Act, because it would repeal part of a local D.C. law to give

the police department increased authority to address incidents of

serious misconduct and discipline officers.
I voted No on H.R. 2056

because we shouldn't be nullifying a local law to tell an individual

police department where they must divert their resources and how they

can best serve their community, including residents who are immigrants.
Mr. Speaker, I respect the will of D.C. residents to shape their

local government through their local elections, and that is why I do

not support H.R. 2096, H.R. 2056 or H.R. 884.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MYOUNGSUB CHOI

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Mr. MyoungSub Choi

for his exceptional efforts to preserve and share cultural heritage

through the practice of Taekwondo.
Mr. Choi understands that Taekwondo is more than a martial art--it is

a means of storytelling, cultural connection, and youth empowerment.