Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional

courage and service of Lieutenant Brandon Hall of Buchanan County,

Virginia.
On May 1st, Lieutenant Hall responded to an emergency in which a

camper had filled with dangerous levels of carbon monoxide.
Inside the

camper were two adults and a child, all unconscious.
When faced with an

invisible but deadly threat, Lieutenant Hall entered the camper,

removed the victims, and quickly administered critical first aid.
In a moment of crisis, Lieutenant Hall was among the first to arrive,

and when faced with danger, he did not pause.
Lieutenant Hall's bravery

and quick thinking saved these lives and stand as a testament to the

selfless courage of the public servants in Virginia's Ninth

Congressional District.
Today, we recognize Lieutenant Hall for his swift and courageous

response.
The strength and skill he demonstrated in a time of

emergency, reflect the very best of Southwest Virginia.
We thank him

for his service and are deeply grateful for his dedication.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WESTFIELD FIRE DEPARTMENT ON THEIR 150TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Westfield Fire

Department as they celebrate 150 years of service to our community.
Since its founding as a volunteer fire department in 1875, the WFD has

grown into a career department, providing essential fire protection

services to the residents of Westfield and the surrounding area.
Over

the past 150 years, they have answered the call in times of need--often

under dangerous and demanding conditions--a true testament to the

courage, duty, and selflessness that embody the very best of New

Jersey's first responders.
I extend my deepest congratulations to the

Westfield Fire Department on this milestone anniversary and look

forward to their continued growth and commitment to public safety for

many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TRAVIS BROWN

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rise today to

recognize Mr. Travis Brown for his service at Withlacoochee River

Electric Cooperative (WREC) and his remarkable role in the Light Up

Navajo Project.
In May, a courageous team of 16 WREC employees traveled

over 1,800 miles to the remote, rugged terrains of Arizona and New

Mexico, where they spent two weeks installing vital electrical

infrastructure for Navajo families who have lived without power for

generations.
Their efforts brought light, safety, and hope to

communities long overlooked, allowing children to study after dark,

families to preserve food, and elders to live with greater comfort.
Despite daunting challenges and limited equipment, the WREC team

completed a demanding project in just eight days--far ahead of

expectations--demonstrating professionalism, humility, and unwavering

commitment to this life-changing mission.
The impact of WRSEC's work goes far beyond electricity; it represents

a bridge to connection, opportunity, and the return of future

generations to their ancestral homes.
The emotional moment when power

was turned on for the impacted families--bringing tears of joy and

renewed hope--is a testament to the profound difference this project

made.
WREC's participation in the ``Light Up Navajo'' initiative

reflects not only their technical expertise but also their heart and

respect for the people they serve.
Their dedication has energized ten

homesteads and countless lives, creating a

legacy of service that embodies the true spirit of cooperative values.
The WREC team's journey inspires us all, proving that with compassion

and teamwork, even the most daunting challenges can be overcome to

light up lives and communities.
I commend the entire team for their

efforts on this worthwhile endeavor and for their ongoing service to

our local community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ZACHARY LaDUKE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.