Title: APPRECIATING DAVE OLSON; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
104

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING DAVE OLSON

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Dr. Dave

Olson, President and Program Manager at Savannah River Mission

Completion (SRMC), upon retirement after more than 40 years of

dedicated work and service.
Before being named President and Program Manager, Dr. Olson served as

the president of the former Savannah River Site (SRS) liquid waste

contractor.
He has years of experience in safety, security, project and

risk management, maintenance and engineering in nuclear materials

processing, and much more.
SRMC is responsible for the safe reduction of curies in aging waste

tanks at SRS.
As one of the Department of Energy's largest production

sites, SRS performs actives ranging from environmental cleanup and

protection to nuclear materials storage and disposition.
Under the leadership of Dr. Olson, SRMC has worked more than 21

million hours without an injury that has caused a missed worked day,

ensured that all facilities are operating safely and efficiently, and

met five key regulatory milestones to remove waste from and clean tanks

to prepare them for operational closure.
Dr. Olson has many accomplishments to be proud of and has aided

greatly in the success of SRMC.
Best wishes for a wonderful retirement.
I am appreciative for all he

has done for South Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AQUARIUM OF NIAGARA

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate six

decades of the Aquarium of Niagara.
An interactive water exhibit that

celebrates the natural wonders of our aquatic world and provides a

deeper educational understanding of our diverse ecosystems, the

Aquarium is a gem of Western New York's cultural and educational

institutions.
The Aquarium of Niagara was one of the first of its kind.
Founded in

1965 by a small group of chemists and scientists, it served as a

successful model for inland aquariums around the world.
Upon its

opening, it became the first inland aquarium to develop and use

artificial seawater to maintain exhibits; this sparked a revolutionary

practice now used in most inland aquariums.
Located in Niagara Falls, New York, the Aquarium of Niagara welcomes

over 200,000 visitors each year and is the only aquatic museum within

250 miles of the United States.
They serve as a hub for educating the

community on aquatic life, consisting of two buildings and housing 180

species.
Visitors come to see an array of mammals, penguins, and more

than 1,200 fish and vertebrae, many of those being rescued species.
Additionally, they provide guests with visual experiences to explore

all of their marine life exhibits.
There is a variety of scheduled

programming offered daily as well as hands-on experiences that create

inspiring opportunities for visitors.
Today, we honor one of Western New York's one-of-a-kind

establishments and its commitment to bringing the wonders of the seas

to visitors from around the world while providing the highest quality

of animal care possible.
Please join me in celebrating the 60th

anniversary of the Aquarium of Niagara and their achievements and

continued success as they remain an enduring source of connection to

marine life for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ASSISTANT CITY MANAGER PAMELA OTT

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Pamela Ott on the

occasion of her retirement after more than two decades of distinguished

service to the City of Pleasanton, California.
Pamela has dedicated over 22 years to serving Pleasanton with vision,

leadership and unwavering commitment to public service.
She began her

career in Pleasanton as Executive Director of the Downtown Association

and joined the city government in 2003 as the Economic Development

Director.