Through costume design, advocacy, and leadership,

Joshua continues to shape a more vibrant, inclusive, and compassionate

world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARC ESPESO AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

DURING LGBTQ+ PRIDE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Marc Espeso is a dedicated public servant,

skilled communicator, and advocate for the LGBTQ+ community.
Since his

appointment in August 2019, he has served as special assistant to

Orange County Mayor Jerry L. Demings.
In addition, he holds the role of

digital communications manager for the county.
This dual position

provides him with a unique perspective that combines executive insight

with hands-on communication strategy.
Mr. Espeso values efficient and effective communication to Orange

County's 1.5 million residents and 75 million annual visitors.
In his

first year as special assistant, he played a key role in disseminating

critical health and safety information during the COVID-19 pandemic.
By

leveraging partnerships among local, state, and federal agencies, he

ensured accurate and accessible updates reached LGBTQ+ residents,

visitors, and the broader public across the county.
His experience in crisis communication has been an asset to the

county's Emergency Operations Center.
He has contributed to the

development of award-winning communication plans that delivered life-

saving information to residents before, during, and after major storms

that impacted Central Florida, including Hurricanes Ian and Nicole in

2022 and Hurricane Milton in 2024.
In addition to promoting county programs and services that can

benefit LGBTQ+ residents, Mr. Espeso has helped highlight the region's

tourism and hospitality industry.
When organizations consider where to

host events that will ultimately benefit the local economy, he

effectively highlights Orange County's ongoing commitment to fostering

an environment where all individuals and businesses are treated with

dignity and respect.
Beyond his government service, Mr. Espeso serves as vice president of

the Board of Directors at the LGBT+ Center Orlando.
Since 2021, he has

helped fundraise to advance the Center's mission of empowering the

LGBTQ+ community and its allies through advocacy, education,

information, and support.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SABRA RAYMER AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

DURING LGBTQ+ PRIDE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Sabra Raymer is a firefighter paramedic with

over six years of experience in emergency response, known for her

humility, resilience, and deep committment to serving others.
Like

anyone else, she is navigating life's challenges while striving to

leave the world better than she found it.
She doesn't seek recognition

for titles or accolades but takes pride in being someone who will

extend a hand when others are down, bring calm to chaos, and offer

comfort during life's hardest moments.
Raised with strong values of integrity, respect, and love, Sabra

credits her parents for shaping her character and purpose.
Her journey

hasn't been easy--she put herself through school, experienced personal

lows, and worked relentlessly to rebuild and rise.
She knows that life

will test you, but believes that anything can be overcome with heart

and determination.
Her dedication has been recognized with a Community Service Award in

March 2021, a Letter of Commendation in August 2021, and her courageous

role in Hurricane Ian water rescue operations, for which she received a

Campaign Ribbon in February 2024.
With a heart for advocacy and inclusion, Sabra also helped design and

launch Pride shirts for her county, raising awareness and fostering a

culture of belonging within the department.
Through this initiative,

she helped raise over $900 for the Zebra Youth Foundation, supporting

LGBTQ+ youth in Central Florida.
Now in the process of becoming a peer support advocate, Sabra is

especially passionate about mental health awareness in the fire

service--an industry that can sometimes make individuals feel invisible

or out of place.
With the support of her County and community allies,

she proudly stands up for those who need to feel seen, supported, and

valued.