The port generates $4.7 billion in

economic value to the state of Maryland and supports nearly

22,000 jobs,

Estimates predict the Baltimore port's closure costs

America's economy $15 million each day it is closed and has

added hours to transportation times for vital goods and

services that Americans rely on every day in the mid-Atlantic

region and beyond.
Ships are having to travel greater distances to offload

shipments, and an estimated 5,000 trucks per day are being

diverted across the region, adding hours to their travel time

and significantly affecting the flow of goods across most of

the United States.
Maryland's transportation secretary estimates that the cost

to rebuild this critical pillar of our nation's supply chain

is nearly S1.9 billion.
At some point, when Maryland comes to the federal

government for our assistance in funding this rebuild, I want

you to know that I will be supporting that effort for the

sake of our nation's supply chain and for the health of our

national economy, just as I would hope my colleagues in

Maryland would do if such a tragedy were to ever happen at a

North Carolina port.
Scaling back unachievable energy standards

If the White House is going to require new product

standards for energy conservation, the requirements should be

feasible and reasonable.
I cast NC-11's vote for the Hands Off Our Home Appliances

Act to modify the Department of Energy's (DOE) procedures for

mandating energy-efficiency standards by prohibiting the DOE

secretary from requiring standards that are not

technologically feasible and economically justified.
Western North Carolinians are already burdened by rising

costs, and the last thing we need is more unrealistic federal

regulations that further raise prices, fail to provide

meaningful energy savings and take away consumer choice.
Gold Star Family Fellowship Program

The Gold Star Family Fellowship Program is organized by the

Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) of the House of

Representatives and is an opportunity for Gold Star family

members to apply for a one-year fellowship with members of

Congress.
This includes any family member (parents, children

including stepchildren, spouses or siblings) of military

members who have died in the line of duty.
If you are interested in applying for this fellowship,

visit the CAO website here.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards

Member of Congress

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANNETTE WOLF'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LOIS FRANKEL

Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Annette Wolf for her milestone 100th birthday celebrated on April 1,

2024.
Annette has been a resident of Boynton Beach, Florida since 1999

and is a proud wife and mother to two great men.
What a wonderful

occasion for Annette, her family, and friends as she reminisces and

celebrates a life great in years and rich in accomplishments.
Annette and her husband ran a corrugated box factory business in

Upstate New York for several years.
She started the Women's Business

and Professional Organization in 1954 in Glens Falls, NY.
Annette loves

to socialize with her friends by playing Mah-Jongg and Canasta.
She

believes in doing everything in moderation and is an avid reader and

regular viewer of MSNBC and CNN.
She has lived through extraordinary times in history and has no doubt

witnessed remarkable changes unimaginable at the time of her birth in

1924.
May this be a joyous time as her family and friends gather to

celebrate this amazing milestone.
Annette always has a smile on her face and remains positive in all

things.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to congratulate Ms. Annette Wolf on

her 100th birthday and I wish her good health and great happiness.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be physically present for

all votes on May 8th.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on

Roll Call No.