The House has launched a probe to crack down on campus

antisemitism, and we will not stop until Jewish students feel

safe on their campuses, and until universities that fail to

do their part are held accountable.
Colleges and universities need leadership with a moral

backbone to stand up against antisemitism and provide a safe

learning environment for Jewish students.
Any administrators

who refuse to hold these protestors accountable are not fit

to lead and should resign.
Taxpayers are shouldering the cost of open border policies

During a House Budget Committee hearing, members examined

the financial consequences of the administration's border

crisis and had an opportunity to inform the American people

of the true cost of open border policies.
The White House's open border policies have resulted in a

surge of illegal immigrant encounters and influx of deadly

drugs across our southwestern border.
This is being paid for by the American taxpayer at the

federal, state and local levels.
The Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR)

calculated that illegal immigration for 2023 alone cost

taxpayers $150.7 billion.
Taxpayers are shouldering $8,776

per illegal immigrant per year for nearly 22 million illegal

immigrants to cover costs including for housing, feeding,

clothing, jailing, adjudication, education and shelter.
To protect American lives and improve the federal

government's stewardship of taxpayer dollars, securing our

southwestern border requires a collaborative partnership

among all levels of government, including federal, state and

local.
As a member of the House Budget Committee, I'll continue to

look for avenues to enforce the law of the land and implement

a cost-effective, comprehensive border security strategy that

secures our border, ends illegal immigration and protects our

citizens.
A port's significance in the health of U.S. supply chain, economy

Imagine this: You go to the grocery store and there's no

fruit.
Or maybe you're building a house and there's a steel

and lumber shortage.
Why?
Because North Carolina's largest

port, the Port of Wilmington, has been cut off due to a

collapse of the Cape Fear Memorial Bridge,

This collapse would immediately restrict access to the

port, which contributes $12.9 billion to North Carolina's

economy every year, directly and indirectly supports more

than 87,700 jobs across the Old North State, and would cost

the economy tens of millions of dollars each day the port is

closed.
That's what the Port of Baltimore and the citizens of

Maryland are experiencing due to the collapse of the Francis

Scott Key Bridge over the lower Patapsco River.
I recently visited the Port of Baltimore and the wreckage

site of the Francis Scott Key Bridge as a member of the House

Appropriations Committee.
Our mission was to better

understand the collapse, its impact on the economy, and what

will be needed to rebuild the bridge.
The Port of Baltimore is the nation's farthest-inland port,

and the top domestic port for cars, forest products, farm

equipment and sugar.
The port generates $4.7 billion in

economic value to the state of Maryland and supports nearly

22,000 jobs,

Estimates predict the Baltimore port's closure costs

America's economy $15 million each day it is closed and has

added hours to transportation times for vital goods and

services that Americans rely on every day in the mid-Atlantic

region and beyond.
Ships are having to travel greater distances to offload

shipments, and an estimated 5,000 trucks per day are being

diverted across the region, adding hours to their travel time

and significantly affecting the flow of goods across most of

the United States.
Maryland's transportation secretary estimates that the cost

to rebuild this critical pillar of our nation's supply chain

is nearly S1.9 billion.