DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be physically present for

all votes on May 8th.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on

Roll Call No.
194, and YEA on Roll Call No.
195.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRYAN FISHER

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions that have been made to our community by one of my

constituents, Bryan Fisher.
Three years ago, his mother was diagnosed

with colon cancer and started a non-profit charity with her

gastroenterologist and surgeon.
Their goal was helping other colon

cancer patients.
Bryan, who was a Pre-Med student at the University of

South Florida in Tampa at the time, volunteered countless hours to help

the organization get off the ground.
He maintains the non-profit

organization's website, updating it regularly with helpful resources

for patients and healthcare providers.
The Foundation provides

pamphlets to endoscopy centers that

perform colonoscopies.
If a mass is found, the center gives the patient

the pamphlet so patients don't have to go through their cancer journey

alone.
The foundation also provides the public with pamphlets about

colon cancer screening and pamphlets for current colon cancer patients.
All of the pamphlets have been designed by Bryan.
Bryan has also been

instrumental in fundraising efforts to ensure the non-profit foundation

has the resources it needs to operate.
Bryan even formed the ``Green

and Gold Committee'' at USF where he and his fellow Pre-Med students

met regularly to discuss ways to help the Foundation prosper.
They held

a ``game night'' at USF to educate college kids about colon cancer and

offered screening information for them to share with their family

members.
They raised a little money and dispensed a lot of information.
Bryan is about to start his journey in medical school this summer and

plans to practice medicine in Citrus County one day.
It is clear that Mr. Fisher has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CATHERINE SCHELAND

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made to our community by one of my constituents,

Catherine Scheland, has exemplified outstanding dedication and

selflessness as a volunteer with a local non-profit, One Community Now.
Cathy plays a pivotal role in the organization's Veterans program,

serving as a team leader for Operation Stand Down.
Her commitment is

truly commendable, dedicating over 180 hours each year to the event's

setup, overseeing the Chaplains' area, and co-directing the

transportation area.
Beyond the event, Cathy personally delivers

bicycles to veterans in need throughout the year, using her own

resources to provide locks and lights.
She serves as a mentor, offering

support and using her own funds to assist homeless veterans with

housing.
In the organization's Pack A Sack initiative to fight

childhood hunger, Cathy is also actively involved, ensuring children

have food every weekend of the year.
She not only contributes her time

but also financially supports the program.
Cathy's engagement extends

to the agency's annual Pack the Park fundraiser, where she plays a

vital role in securing sponsors, donations, and volunteers.
Cathy's

dedication isn't confined to our One Community Now; she volunteers with

other

non-profits and actively participates in her church.
Her strong faith,

character, and compassionate heart make her a hero in our community.
Additionally, Cathy's role as a prayer warrior and her unwavering

support for those in need further showcase her exceptional qualities.
It is clear that Ms. Scheland has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COEN BREHMER'S FLORIDA HIGH SCHOOL WEIGHTLIFTING

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.