It is clear that Ms. Scheland has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COEN BREHMER'S FLORIDA HIGH SCHOOL WEIGHTLIFTING

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Coen

Brehmer, a Yulee High School Hornet who recently won the Florida High

School weightlifting championships which is impressive at any age, but

even more so as only a junior in high school.
Coen qualified for both the Olympic and traditional in the 119-pound

weight class.
At the state championship, Coen stung the competition,

winning first in the Olympic lift and finishing second in traditional.
He pulled off a 160-pound snatch, a 205-pound clean-and-jerk, and a

215-pound bench to bring home the gold.
The victory was as sweet as

honey and the crowd was buzzing at his magnificent displays of

strength.
The Hornets, under the leadership of Coach Kyle Dougherty, performed

incredibly well across the board this season.
Coen's teammates, Zachary

Kruger and Kevin Harris, also qualified for state after exceptional

performances this season.
Coen is a fantastic representation of Northeast Florida.
He is a kind

friend and a great teammate.
His hard work paid off and he became Yulee

High School's first male state champion in any sport.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Florida's 4th Congressional District, I ask

that my colleagues in Congress join me in congratulating Coen Brehmer

on this remarkable achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ERNEST SCANGO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

service and patriotism of one of my constituents, Ernest Scango.
Mr.

Scango was born on January 8, 1923 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
He was

drafted into the United States Army on March 5, 1943.
After training at

Fort Benning, Ernest joined the 551st Paratroop Infantry Battalion.
As

a Parachutist and Rifleman, Ernest participated in the major battles

taking place in France.
He took part in Operation Dragoon which was

designed to secure the southern coast of France and the critical

Mediterranean ports while forcing the Germans to open a second front

while facing the D-Day invasion in Normandy under Operation Overlord.
Then, he subsequently redeployed and took part in the Ardennes

Offensive and Rhineland campaigns which were critical to ending war in

Europe.
Today, Mr. Scango lives in Homosassa, Florida where he just

celebrated his 102nd birthday.
This month, he is receiving the

distinguished insignia at ``Chevalier de la Legion d'Honneur''

(``Knight in the Legion of Honor'') from the French government.
As a

Member of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Scango and his fellow brothers

and sisters-in-arms demonstrated incredible bravery and skill as they

fought to save the world from the evils of Nazism, hatred and genocide.
We all owe this hero a debt of gratitude that can never fully be

repaid.
Today and always, we remember his patriotism and courageous

actions.
We must honor his service and sacrifice by continuing to

protect the sacred values of freedom he fought so hard to defend.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HUMBLE HOUSE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Humble House

Cafe from Golden, Colorado for being honored as part of the Golden

Rotary Ethics in Business Awards.
Known for its positive atmosphere and work environment, Humble House

has designed a business model which includes both community involvement

and charity work.
Humble House is involved with a variety of causes.
They offer free coffee Tuesdays for teachers, first-responders, and

non-profit workers, sell retail on behalf of passionate artisans in the

local community and creators in developing countries, and allow

customers to choose which of several nonprofits the charity proceeds

from their purchase will go.