Known for its positive atmosphere and work environment, Humble House

has designed a business model which includes both community involvement

and charity work.
Humble House is involved with a variety of causes.
They offer free coffee Tuesdays for teachers, first-responders, and

non-profit workers, sell retail on behalf of passionate artisans in the

local community and creators in developing countries, and allow

customers to choose which of several nonprofits the charity proceeds

from their purchase will go.
Humble House has taken great care to create a business model that

caters to the needs of the environment, encourages local community

growth and engagement, and supports those in need around the world.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to thank the wonderful people of Humble House for their

active involvement in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KEITH SORCI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Keith Sorci for

earning the Man of the Year Award from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce.
Keith has been serving his community for over 20 years in many

capacities, including as president of the Arvada Gardeners,

volunteering with the Arvada Historical Society and with local schools,

and distributing food to those in need.
Keith also works with Jefferson

County Justice Services which offers alternatives to incarceration for

Coloradans, training others to be equally helpful in their work for the

community.
His continued dedication to the Arvada Community showcases

his spirit of service and this award acknowledges his hard work.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Keith on achieving the 2023 Arvada

Chamber of Commerce Man of the Year Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARK McGOFF

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mark McGoff of

Arvada, Colorado for winning the Pioneer Award from the Arvada Chamber

of Commerce.
Mark has proudly served his community in Arvada for years as a member

of the City Council, the Arvada Fire Board, and a volunteer for the

Historical Society, Arvada Jefferson Kiwanis, and the Arvada Center.
He

is an Emeritus Board Member of the Ralston House and is currently

working to plan Arvada's anniversary celebration this year.
The Pioneer Award is granted when a previous winner of the Man or

Woman of the Year Award continues to perform notable work for the

people of Arvada.
Mark has done exactly that with his continual

contributions to the community and longstanding dedication to public

service.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Mark McGoff for winning the Pioneer

Award.
We thank him for his commitment to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MIKE ORLITO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made to our community by one of my constituents,

Mike Orlito, who has made an indelible mark as an impactful and

influential volunteer for the Community Food Bank.
Mike's dedication,

passion, and tireless efforts are inspirational.
From the moment Mike

stepped through the doors of this organization, his commitment to

alleviating hunger and supporting those in need has been unwavering.
His willingness to go above and beyond in every task he undertakes

exemplifies the true spirit of volunteerism and advocacy.
One of Mike's

most notable contributions is his leadership and promotion of the

Community Food Bank within the community.
Whether it's rallying local

businesses, community groups, or donors, Mike has a remarkable ability

to inspire others to join our fight against hunger.
His strategic

planning and effective communication skills have resulted in record-

breaking donations, tremendous organizational growth, and increased

awareness of food insecurity issues in our area.