Title: BRINGING AWARENESS TO THE EQUAL REPRESENTATION ACT, ISSUES SURROUNDING THE BORDER CRISIS, ANTISEMITISM AND ENERGY COSTS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
82

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BRINGING AWARENESS TO THE EQUAL REPRESENTATION ACT, ISSUES SURROUNDING

THE BORDER CRISIS, ANTISEMITISM AND ENERGY COSTS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents to bring awareness to

the Equal Representation Act in addition to issues surrounding the

border crisis, antisemitism and energy costs.
Dear Friend,

This week, I was successful in passing my fourth bill since

serving in Congress, the Equal Representation Act.
Our democracy depends on electoral integrity, and that

includes fair and equal representation of American citizens.
By requiring a citizenship question on the decennial

census, the Equal Representation Act would make sure that

only U.S. citizens--those who have the right to vote--are

counted when apportioning the number of congressional seats

and Electoral College votes that each state has.
Including non-citizens in the count when divvying up the

number of congressional seats for each state weakens

Americans' representation.
In fact, the Center for

Immigration Studies found that California has more

congressional seats than the population would otherwise

allow, and New York has

four more, giving these states a greater influence in

determining the direction of our country.
We need guardrails to protect our democracy, and that

includes making sure that American citizens--and American

citizens only--are accurately represented in their federal

government.
It's time to stop diluting the voice and votes of Americans

and with the passage of my bill, it's clear that many of my

colleagues agree.
Condemning the administration's deadly border crisis

A major reason we need to stop illegal immigrants from

skewing representation numbers in our government is due to

this administration's disastrous open-border policies that

have allowed more than 7.2 million illegal immigrants to

enter our country through our southern border.
That is more

than the population of 36 states.
President Biden inherited policies from President Trump

that would have strengthened our border security.
However,

since Biden's first day in office, he has reversed policies

that were in place to stem the flow of illegal immigrants,

and has undermined U.S. border security on more than 60

occasions.
The House sent a strong message by passing H. Res.
1112,

which condemns this administration's policies that have

created this costly border crisis.
We also urged the

administration to take immediate action to end this national

security threat, and we will not rest until law and order is

restored at our borders.
The president's clandestine flights of more than 400,000 illegal

immigrants

The House Homeland Security Committee recently released

documents that identified more than 45 airport locations to

which the president secretly flew more than 400,000 illegal

immigrants.
These documents are another example of how this

administration is jeopardizing the safety of Americans and

our national security, and why the House needed to pass the

strongest border security bill in history, the Secure the

Border Act, which would strengthen our borders by restoring

President Trump's border policies.
Standing with Jewish students and Israel

You've probably seen footage of antisemitic mobs who have

been defending the actions of Hamas, harassing Jewish

students and disrupting learning across college campuses in

America.
The House has launched a probe to crack down on campus

antisemitism, and we will not stop until Jewish students feel

safe on their campuses, and until universities that fail to

do their part are held accountable.
Colleges and universities need leadership with a moral

backbone to stand up against antisemitism and provide a safe

learning environment for Jewish students.
Any administrators

who refuse to hold these protestors accountable are not fit

to lead and should resign.