I also thank the brilliant Essex police, fire and crime commissioner, Roger Hirst, for his help and support, and, more importantly, for all that he does to tackle pet abduction in Essex.
Tackling pet abduction, in particular dog theft, is a key objective in his police and crime plan.
As a result of his focus and the extra resources he deploys, we have seen a 10% reduction in the dog theft figures over the past year.
He does fantastic work.
If anyone in Essex wants to help him to keep fighting pet abduction, they will have the opportunity to do so on  2 May .
I want to emphasise the timely nature of the Bill.
Since Second Reading, new figures have been released by Direct Line showing a 6% uptick in the number of dogs abducted in the past year, with only one in six found and returned.
That is the lowest recovery level since 2015.
Those figures should concern us all, because of the number of pets who are traumatised and separated from their owners, most of them permanently.
Families are going without a beloved member of the family.
As I have said throughout, that is exactly what our pets are.
We have also seen distressing articles in my local paper about attempted pet abductions, which also seem to be on the rise.
Only last month, my local paper, the brilliant Southend Echo, carried an article about two thugs in Benfleet who jumped out of their van and hit a pensioner over the head with a lump of wood in an attempt to force him to hand over his beloved cocker spaniel.
Thankfully, the pensioner incurred only minor injuries and the dog was unharmed, but he was obviously deeply shaken.
This week, there has been a report of another incident in Benfleet; a man was attacked by two men in Woodside Park who were attempting to steal his dog.
Those reports underline how important it is that we get the Bill on the statute book, and that the police start taking action to enforce it.
These really are shocking incidents, and I implore all hon.
and right hon.
Members to back the Bill.
Pets need to be recognised in law for the sentient beings they are.
Their place in society needs to be properly recognised by the law of the land.
The Bill is the opportunity to do that.
I hope all Members support it.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work on the Bill, which is much needed, and I am very pleased to speak in favour it.
We are a nation of dog and cat owners, and many Members will be able to say that those animals are like family, and to speak about the fact that they play such an important role in our life and the life of our children.
I do not know where Marmalade and Merlin came from, the newly famous Southend West residents, but Magic and Ninja came from Cats Protection, which has had so many mentions today.
I know, through Magic and Ninja, what an impact cats can have on families, in particular children.
In Milton Keynes, we have an abundance of green spaces, with miles and miles of lake shoreline and canal towpaths—ideal for walking dogs.
If you need to walk a dog, come to Milton Keynes.
But that brings with it the added risk of pet theft.
As an animal lover, and the representative of a beautiful constituency in which to walk the dog, I have to say that the very idea of stealing pets, often for profit and breeding, is sick.
The Bill fills a gap that has existed in law for far too long.
Until now, pet theft was categorised as a type of property theft.
That is in no way reflective of the nature of the crime and its impact on victims.
We spoke briefly about the link with organised crime.
It is increasingly worrying that, like other types of theft, such as the theft of farm machinery and prestige vehicles, pet theft seems to be done to order by gangs of organised criminals.
The supply chain of organised crime is obviously horrendous.
To think that pet theft is financing it is abhorrent.
In Milton Keynes and the wider Thames Valley, our rural crime taskforce has recently been nearly doubled in size, which will be a significant comfort to the many legitimate breeders based in our villages.
I applaud our police and crime commissioner, Matthew Barber, for making that decision.
It is critical that the punishment for this crime is enough to deter individuals and groups from engaging in this despicable criminal activity.
The Bill ensures exactly that; I applaud my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West and the Government for the work that they have done to develop it so far.
Under the legislation, offenders will face the possibility of up to five years in prison, a fine or both.
The spectre of such punishment should have the desired effect.
Organised crime groups profit particularly from the trade in pedigree cats, but such groups will think twice about offending, should the Bill become law.
The Bill addresses differences in the behaviour of dogs and cats really well.
Dogs spend much more time indoors than cats.
Try keeping cats indoors.
They tend to roam outside freely, at their own will, visiting neighbours—“Six Dinner Sid” springs to mind.
The Bill understands that distinction, and ensures that for cats, the offence applies only when a cat is taken, not when it is detained.
That will mean police can focus on cases of clear criminality without undue interference.
He is no longer in his place, but my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  raised concerns about police time; this aspect of the legislation goes some way to ease those concerns.
This is sensible and practical law-making.
The new offences mean that we can start to record the crimes with better accuracy.
As we have heard, some forces record these crimes specifically, and others do not.
We will be able to spot patterns that could be linked to certain factors, such as organised crime.
This Conservative Government can be proud of their achievements on animal welfare.
The Bill will widen the scope of the Government’s action plan on animal welfare.
It is another step forward in putting the UK at the forefront of animal welfare globally.
Toughening the country’s laws against animal cruelty is a key priority.
That is why we have already passed legislation such as the Animal Welfare (Sentencing) Act 2021, which raises the maximum sentence for animal cruelty from six months to five years, and the landmark Animal Welfare  (Sentience) Act 2022, which became law two years ago and formally recognises animals as sentient beings in domestic law.
The Bill almost acts as a strong-arm extension of that Act.
Pets are sentient beings, whom we have to love and cherish as our own.
We need laws that recognise that fact and, crucially, protect them.
In that regard, this Government have delivered and then some.
Our progress on animal welfare does not stop there.
We have also passed legislation requiring the microchipping of cats, as we heard from the Minister; cat owners must microchip their cats by June this year.
That will make it easier to pick up cats that have been abducted, and to identify stray pets, so that they can be reunited with their owners.
It is always a pleasure to speak in support of Bills that have clear cross-party support and cut through party political battle lines.
Issues such as these remind us of the common ground we have in this place, and that we can put party politics aside to make progress on areas of policy such as animal welfare, which matters to millions of people across the country.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work on this Bill.
She has worked tirelessly on this issue, and I have been pleased to support her at every stage, including by serving on the Public Bill Committee.
We are a nation of animal lovers.
As the owner of three dogs—I will not name them again, as they are already extensively recorded in Hansard—I can say that this Bill provides us all with greater confidence that those who would seek to steal our beloved pets will pay the price.
Our pets are not just possessions, as the law has previously treated them.
In the Bill, we are acknowledging the important relationship we all have with our pets, who are cherished members of our family.
The theft of a pet is an incredibly distressing experience, for both the pet and its owner, so it is no surprise that the vast majority of the public support making pet theft a specific offence.
My constituency postbag regularly contains correspondence from constituents who have concerns about animal welfare, be it puppy smuggling, dog-on-dog attacks or the theft of a beloved family pet—an issue that the Bill addresses.
I have yet to meet anyone who does not acknowledge that the theft of a family pet would cause far more pain and anguish than that of a wallet, purse or phone.
Pets simply have far more than simply monetary value to us, and it is right that the law seeks to acknowledge that, and marks them out as different from inanimate objects.
In preparing for today’s debate, I checked with Durham police on the rate of pet theft in their area, and was pleased to learn that it has fallen significantly, from 66 recorded thefts in 2019 to only nine in 2023.
Although I welcome that reduction, nine is still many, and this Bill will send out a real signal to further address the issue.
Although Durham has had a welcome reduction in such thefts, parts of our country sadly still see worrying levels of pet theft.
Pets will be stolen purely for the selfish retention of the animal, depriving the family it belongs to of the pet’s companionship, and inflicting a  sense of loss.
Alternatively, pets may be stolen for onward sale, breeding or fighting.
Whatever the reason for a theft, it is unlikely that the place the animal ends up in will be better than the loving home it has been taken from.
The Bill must be seen in the context of the wide range of animal protection legislation we have enacted, which recognises animal sentience; increases sentences for animal cruelty; gives new protections to service animals; revamps local authority licensing; implements Lucy’s law; bans third-party puppy and kitten sales; and mandates microchipping for cats and dogs.
Of course, we must also not forget the Bill, which I was proud to support, bought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  to deal with puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling.
In conclusion, our pets are our constituents’ dearest companions and most loyal friends, and we need a specific offence with specific penalties for their theft.
I wholeheartedly support this Bill, and look forward to it completing its remaining stages today.
While we earnestly await a statement from the Government on the Israeli strikes against Iran last night, I wanted to take the opportunity to pay full tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for her wonderful work on this Bill.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson) , who mentioned that he had read the names of his three pets into Hansard.
If he is like most of us, he will now have sent each pet a copy of Hansard so that they know they were mentioned, and we hope that went down well with them.
I will come on to praise my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West at the end, but perhaps I may briefly tell the House about some other people who I know will be very pleased to see this legislation pass in the House today.
Let me begin with a great friend, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , who, unfortunately, is detained on other important business today.
The issue before us has always been close to his heart.
He has had some horror stories from his constituency about pet theft, so I know that he, a former leader of our party, will be delighted at my hon.
Friend’s success with this Bill.
Next is our very proactive and hard-working police, fire and crime commissioner in Essex, Mr Roger Hirst, who takes this issue very seriously, ably supported by our dynamic chief constable, Mr Harrington—perhaps his dynamism is due in part to the fact that he used to be a paratrooper.
Between them, they have ensured that Essex police are now fully integrated into the national pet taskforce, tackling crime through the review of all investigations, the introduction of a proactive ability to respond to intelligence and joined-up working with partners, including Crimestoppers, the RSPCA and DogWatch.
As a practical example, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West tells me that this proactive approach was put into action earlier this year when police released footage of the dachshund, Twiglet, struggling to get away from a thief.
With help from the public, the police were able to return Twiglet safely home to her family.
I will allow my hon.
Friend to send Twiglet the Hansard.
I declare an interest.
In my boyhood, I had a pet dachshund called Tiger—my parents had a sense of humour, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I loved that little dog dearly.
When I told him that I was taking him out for a walk, he went completely bananas.
I have fond memories of Tiger and, if he were still with us, he, too, would be delighted.
Unfortunately, he has passed away, so there is no one to send the Hansard to.
I also thank the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation, of which my hon.
Friend and I are avid supporters, brilliantly led by Lorraine and Chris Platt and their team, who are absolutely passionate about animal welfare—the clue is in the name.
They, too, will be delighted that this legislation is going through.
Finally, I know that our great friend Sir David Amess would have been delighted to see this day.
David, as the whole House well knew, was passionate about animal welfare.
One of his great skills, as you will know, Madam Deputy Speaker, was working cross-party; it was forming coalitions for the common good.
I look up at his plaque and across to that of Jo Cox, who also died in the service of this House.
She once said that we had more in common.
This is a nation of animal lovers and what my hon.
Friend has done brilliantly today is to get cross-party support.
She has motivated that sense of having more in common across the House to do something that will make animals safer.
They cannot speak for themselves; we must do it in their lieu.
She has done brilliantly, and she had another win recently on banning zombie knives.
I will, if I may, be presumptuous and say that, if David were still with us and somehow my hon.
Friend were still the MP, he would be very proud of what she has done today.
She is turning out to be an incredibly worthy successor to my great friend and she has come up with an incredibly worthy piece of legislation.
I and Members across the House wish her Bill godspeed.
I echo what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  has said about Sir David.
Like other Members, I strongly welcome this legislation.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work.
I am pleased that her Bill has made it to this stage, with wide-ranging support in North West Norfolk and, obviously, across the country.
The Bill introduces new criminal offences in relation to the taking or detaining of a dog or cat from the lawful control of any person.
As I mentioned in an intervention, I declare an interest as the owner of a cat, Hetty, and I pay tribute again to the Cat Protection League for its successful campaign, which I supported, to ensure that cats are in the Bill, in clause 2, along with dogs.
Someone found guilty of abducting a dog or a cat under these new offences will be liable to a maximum of five years imprisonment, a fine, or both, which is a significant step forward and aligns with animal cruelty offences covered by the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
I am pleased that the Bill includes an enabling power to allow these provisions to be extended to other animals commonly kept as pets—a bid has been made for tortoises already in the debate.
Pets are stolen for many reasons: because of the breakdown of relationships, or for breeding, resale, extortion or even dog fighting.
Those thefts have a traumatic  effect on the owners and the pets, so it is right that pet theft is tackled through the creation of specific offences.
The origins of the Bill are in the work of the pet theft taskforce, which recommended the creation of the specific offence of pet abduction, which is being implemented through this legislation, because the Theft Act itself was not proving effective.
There has been discussion during the debate about the scale of the problem.
The taskforce concluded that reliable data on pet theft was limited.
The most accurate figures that I could find for my area, Norfolk, was through an FOI response from Norfolk police, which showed that, between 2019 and 2023, 40 cats and 85 dogs were recorded as stolen.
Overall, Battersea reports around 1,300 dog thefts and nearly 400 cat thefts in 2022.
That is likely to be significantly underreported, for obvious reasons.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West mentioned, it is about the individual cases; there do not need to be tens of thousands of cases for this to be important legislation.
However, I welcome the Bill’s intention to improve the recording and monitoring of these offences.
When we legislate and pass important powers such as these, it is important that they come into effect rapidly, so I welcome the amendment that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  secured in Committee, which set a date for the legislation to come into effect three months after Royal Assent.
In 2019, the manifesto that I was proud to stand on committed to improving animal welfare standards, and this Bill delivers on that commitment.
As a nation of animal lovers with a proud history of championing and taking action on animal welfare, the Government have already passed a host of measures, including CCTV becoming mandatory in slaughterhouses, compulsory microchipping and tougher sentences for animal cruelty.
To conclude, around a third of households own a dog, and a quarter of households have a cat.
We need to protect these family members, and this legislation does just that.
I therefore commend my hon.
Friend for her hard work in bringing the Bill forward, and I look forward to supporting it through its final stages.