I take it from the ruling you have just made, Madam Deputy Speaker, that, unfortunately, there was no application for an urgent question on the matter that my right hon.
Friend raises.
If there had been such an application, in the circumstances it is likely to have been granted.
Perhaps the Government, when thinking about whether they will make a statement, should take into account that so far they have been very lucky that there was not an application for an urgent question in the required timescale.
They were probably prepared for such an eventuality, so it would be reasonable for the Government to come along and volunteer a statement, as my right hon.
Friend has requested.
The hon.
Gentleman is rather pushing his luck.
Could he return to his speech on the Bill?
You are quite right, Madam Deputy Speaker, to emphasise the importance of the Bill we are discussing.
This is not the only occasion when, compared with what is happening in the rest of  the world, the legislation we are discussing seems to many people to be relatively unimportant, but pet abduction is a very important subject for those who are directly affected by it.
Before the point of order, I was seeking to make the point that people should not be charged or arrested for dog abduction if it is clear at the time of the initial investigation that, at the time of the taking or detention of the dog, the person who took or detained the dog, the person from whom lawful control was taken and the dog all lived together in the same household.
Why should a household in that situation be faced with having to defend themselves against arrest and prosecution by using this defence?
Surely it would be better and fairer to require that someone only commits an offence if they abduct a dog without lawful authority or a reasonable excuse.
That is the background to my putting forward new clause 1.
We increasingly put the cart before the horse in accusing people of crimes and then forcing them to defend themselves against the allegations, instead of requiring the prosecuting authorities to look into possible defences or excuses before making an arrest or instituting a prosecution.
Amendment 2 is designed to test out whether an offence is committed if a dog is not permanently removed from someone’s lawful control.
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s comments in response to that.
Amendment 3 is designed to ensure that an offence is committed only where a dog is removed from the lawful control of its registered keeper, rather than where it is taken from any other person.
I know it will be said that if someone is a dog walker or running some kennels and is not the registered keeper, the offence of pet abduction should equally apply, but in those circumstances the more serious offence of theft should be applied under the Theft Act 1968.
Again, that would emphasise the distinction between somebody who is a registered keeper and whose details are set out on the microchip database, and another person to whom the dog has been given for safe keeping, for whatever reason.
Amendment 4 would test out the distinction between the requirement of permanence where someone is depriving an owner of their dog, which in essence comes under the Theft Act 1968, and the less stringent requirements under this Bill.
Amendment 5 is a similar amendment to ensure that only where a dog is detained so as to keep it from its registered owner would there be an offence.
Amendment 6 is consequential on amendment 1, and amendment 7 is consequential on amendment 6.
That brings me to amendment 8, which deals with the key point that caused me to get engaged on Report, because we have a great opportunity to link this new offence of pet abduction to the microchipping requirements.
As I understand it, there are very few prosecutions for people keeping dogs or cats without complying with the microchipping requirements.
The microchipping requirement in respect of cats does not become law until early June, but that law is already well in place in respect of dogs.
As with all these things, there is a danger that the Government make regulations or legislate and then no proper enforcement takes place.
Why, after 10-plus years, are probably the best part of 1 million dogs that should be microchipped still not?
What is being done about that?
Why is nothing being done about it?
My amendment provides an opportunity to get the Government to explain why microchipping is a good idea but only for 90%, not 100%, of dog owners.
Amendment 9 would give the word “keeper” the same meaning in the Bill as it has under the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023.
Again, that is a sensible and modest amendment.
Amendment 10 is a probing amendment to tease out from the Government what is happening in dealing with cat abduction.
When they set up their taskforce, it recommended that dog abduction should become the subject of the pet abduction legislation and that at some future stage references to cats and other pets could be made.
When I think of other pets, I think particularly of our old next-door neighbour—sadly, she has died—who was a great lover of tortoises and had lots of them.
She was the subject of a cruel theft of her tortoises and I hoped that in due course tortoises would come within the scope of this legislation, as they can do under the provisions of clause 3.
I declare an interest, as a cat owner—my cat is called Hetty.
Part of the reason that cats have been provided for specifically in the Bill, a move I supported, was the excellent campaign run by Cats Protection.
The briefing I have received from Battersea shows that there were 379 pet cat thefts in 2022 .
I am not sure of the equivalent figure for tortoises, but I suspect it was a lot smaller.
I suspect that the incidence of theft of tortoises is much higher, if we look at the percentage of thefts in the relative populations.
My hon.
Friend says there were only 379 cases of cat theft, and my understanding is that there are 10.5 million cats, so if we work out the percentage of cat owners who find that they have been deprived of their cat, I suspect that it is much lower than the percentage of tortoise owners who find that their tortoise has been abducted.
However, I think what my hon.
Friend’s point shows is that, in the context of 10.5 million cats, 379 thefts is hardly a really serious issue.
He is a cat owner; I am not—my family are dog lovers, but the two are not necessarily incompatible.
I recognise the importance of microchipping cats.
Obviously, this legislation will not get on to the statute book until after the microchipping of cats has become mandatory, and until there are criminal penalties if that is not complied with.
I am proud to have visited the premises of the Cats Protection League in my constituency, in Ferndown, which is a very important centre for the rehoming of cats, and that is one of the great tasks that that important charity undertakes.
I am not against cats, but I tabled this amendment to test the Government’s thinking.
The original taskforce set up to look into these issues reached the conclusion that dogs should take precedence, but the Government subsequently gave way because of behind-the-scenes lobbying by interest groups—not as a result of public consultation—and supported the extension of the legislation to cats.
The taskforce’s advice was to start off with dogs and then extend the measures to cats.
All I am doing is, in a sense, repeating what the taskforce said.
The essence of my amendments 10, 11 and so on is that they would enable cats to be included at a later stage under the provisions of clause 3, thereby bringing the Bill into  conformity with the recommendations of the pet abduction taskforce.
If the Government do not want to do that—I understand why they may not—then so be it, but I still think that is worth exploring in debate.
That is why I tabled the amendments, including amendment 13, which is consequential on the removal of clause 2, as are amendments 14 and 15.
The next amendment on the amendment paper is amendment 19, in the name of my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, who promotes the Bill.
She says: “This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).”
Who could possibly object to that?
However, when Back Benchers bring forward legislation and do not get it drafted by Government lawyers, there is always something faulty with it, and Ministers delight in saying at the Dispatch Box, “We agree with the intent, but the wording is inadequate.”
The question I throw out for debate and discussion is this: why did the Government lawyers who drafted the Bill for my hon.
Friend not get it right in the first place?
Why did they leave it until so late in the day before insisting that this amendment, and Amendment 20, be included in the Bill?
When she addresses her amendments, I hope that she can explain the background to that situation.
It shows that instead of being all-knowing and beyond criticism, Government drafters have some of the same frailties as Members of the House when trying to draft legislation, even with all the expertise that the Public Bill Office is able to bring to bear when assisting us in that task.
Amendment 21 links back to my new clause 1, which would make the commencement of the legislation contingent on the necessary guidance having been issued.
From discussions I had with the ministerial team, it seems that is the intent, but the amendment would put that in the Bill.
Amendment 16 is consequential, and I have already referred to amendment 20, in the name of my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West.
That is a quick run-through of the amendments.
I hope it will generate a proper debate and discussion, and enable people who take an interest in the matter to become more familiar with the issues around microchipping, including the importance of ensuring that cats and dogs are microchipped, the burden on the enforcement authorities, and the deterrence that microchipping provides against those who are minded to engage in the theft of pets.
I hope those issues can be shared more widely across the country.
There is a lot more detail behind the Bill, but there is no need for me to go into any more of that at the moment.
If the Government cannot accept new clause 1, I hope they will be able to provide undertakings that its measures will be implemented voluntarily.