I am delighted to have another opportunity to speak about this important Bill, and to speak to amendments 19 and 20, which are minor technical amendments in my name.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his interest in the matter.
I hope he will forgive me when I say that his amendments seem to fall into two broad groups: laudable concern about microchipping; and legal issues about the offence as drafted.
I will start with my hon.
Friend’s amendments concerning microchipping.
It is very clear that he has a great passion for ensuring that keepers microchip their pets.
I am sure that we can all get behind that as a general point; that is a very responsible way for dog and cat owners to behave.
Microchipping is a safe and reliable way of identifying animals.
Whether they are found as strays, or whether, in keeping with the topic of this debate, they are recovered having been abducted, the microchip should be a lifeline to help them get home.
That is obviously good for the animal and good for the keeper.
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend’s wishes to ensure that we are more responsible and that we encourage microchipping, although I do not agree with his trying to lever those principles into the Bill.
The microchipping of dogs has been compulsory in England since 2016, nine years ago.
It has also been compulsory in Northern Ireland since 2012.
As he rightly points out, microchipping has been a success story: around 90% of dogs in the UK are already microchipped.
There is also good evidence that microchipping works.
The Government’s recent post-implementation review of the Microchipping of Dogs (England) Regulations 2015 concluded that the introduction of the regulations had increased microchipping and reunification rates, with obvious benefits for animal welfare and pet owners.
I am delighted that these benefits are soon to be extended to cats, through the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023.
I agree with my hon.
Friend when he says that all cats over 20 weeks in England will need to be microchipped from  10 June  of this year, in a couple of months’ time, before—this is the key point—the Bill comes into effect.
Indeed, already, more than 70% of cats in the UK are microchipped; the levels are similar in England and Northern Ireland.
The amendments that my hon.
Friend seeks to make today are totally unnecessary, because we will be overtaken by events in relation to the microchipping of cats.
The effectiveness of microchipping relies on keepers ensuring that the information on the microchip is up to date.
That is what the police and the rescue centres need: accurate information to enable them to reunite the keepers with their animals swiftly and efficiently.
As I keep saying, I could not agree with my hon.
Friend more on the importance of that, but I do not think that it has anything to do with the Bill.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Minister will want to go into more detail about ways in which he intends to encourage more microchipping.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s motivation for his amendments 3, 5, and 8 to 16 to further incentivise compliance with microchipping, but as I have already made clear, there is a high level of compliance already,  and further legislation is coming down the track shortly.
There is also an effective enforcement mechanism: where a dog in England is found not to have a microchip, police in local authorities have the power to issue a notice.
That notice will require the keeper to get that dog microchipped within 21 days.
That will apply unless the dog has been certified as exempt from the microchipping, perhaps by reasons relating to health, and it is an offence to fail to comply with that notice.
A person would be liable for a fine of up to £500, and the same regulatory regime will soon come into force and apply to cats.
As I have said, these amendments are not necessary, because we will soon be overtaken by events.
However, far more importantly, amendments 3, 5, and 8 to 16 would restrict the scope of this Bill considerably.
Amendments 10 to 16 would remove cats from the Pet Abduction Bill entirely, as well as removing certain dogs from the scope of the offence.
I regard that as a very retrograde step indeed, and one that I would oppose entirely.
This legislation has been a long time coming.
It has been very carefully considered by the pet theft taskforce, involving three Government Departments, and to seek to undermine it in this way is entirely wrong.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
No, I will not give way.
My hon.
Friend had a very long time to speak and I would like to get through my remarks.
Cats are among the most beloved pets in the UK.
There are around 11 million pet cats across the country, and a quarter of households have them.
I must declare an immediate interest here, as I have two wonderful cats, Merlin and Marmalade, who are appalled by these amendments, which would take them entirely out of the protection of the Bill.
We heard impassioned stories on Second Reading about the importance of cats to people and the heartache it would cause them if they were lost.
We heard about Mrs Landingham, the cat of my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , and Liesl von Cat, the cat of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) .
We heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke)  about her beloved ragdoll cat and we have of course heard about Cats Protections today.
The “Cat Theft Report 2022” from Pet Theft Awareness shows that cat theft increased by 40% in 2021 and more than quadrupled between 2015 and 2022.
This is a growing problem.
Cats deserve the same protection as dogs.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I have already said to my hon.
Friend that I will not give way at this point— At all?
Oh—I will give way.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way.
It is a debate, and I wondered if instead of giving percentage increases she could give put a figure on the number of cat thefts.
My hon.
Friend is right to suggest that it is small.
It is a matter of hundreds, not thousands.
The point that I am making is that it is increasing.
I do not believe that cats deserve less protection.
As we heard on Second Reading from  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy) , who is not in her place, Bengal cats, which have a value of thousands of pounds, are among the cats being stolen.
We can check Hansard, but from memory they might be worth as much as £5,000.
The number of cats may be small, but the value of the cats both to the owner and in actual fact is significant.
My hon.
Friend is making a very good point.
It is about not just numbers but the emotional impact on families.
I declare an interest, as I lost a kitten at the age of four.
It still comes into my mind when I think about this Bill and how important it is.
It had an emotional impact on my whole family.
Numbers do not give the full flavour of the impact on the community across the United Kingdom who are cat lovers as well as dog lovers.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that point.
She is absolutely right.
Whether someone’s cat is a mongrel, a rescue cat or a stray cat that they have rightly adopted and looked after, or—I have just checked Hansard—a £5,000 Bengal cat, to the owner they are a member of the family, and they deserve the same protection.
Merlin and Marmalade deserve exactly the same protection as my precious Cavapoochon, Lottie.
The House of Commons Library helpfully prepares a brief for these debates and it refers to Pet Theft Awareness, which conducted freedom of information requests across a number of forces.
Some of the biggest forces, including Greater Manchester and others, did not respond, but taking the figures from the Metropolitan police and applying them at the same percentage rate, we get a figure of around 1,500 cat thefts a year, rather than the 500 or so that were referred to.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing that more accurate information to the Chamber and illustrating that we are talking about a figure in the thousands for cats, just as for dogs.
If we were to remove cat abduction from the Bill, as per the amendments from my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch, we would be sending a clear message that cats do not matter as much as dogs.
That would be wholly wrong.
It would certainly be met with a great deal of resistance from my constituents in Southend West.
While I am on the subject of cats, I would like to correct the record.
It has come to my attention that, in Committee on  Wednesday 31 January , responding to a question from my hon.
Friend the Member for Dover about indoor pedigree cats such as ragdolls, I inadvertently misspoke.
When speaking about extending some of the dog provisions to holding indoor cats, I said that clause 3 should enable further provisions to be made, but that is not the case.
The enabling power in the clause relates only to the abduction of animals commonly kept as pets other than dogs and cats.
I want to make that clear.
However, as I said clearly in Committee, and as I assured hon.
Members then and now, clause 2 already applies in relation to the taking of a ragdoll cat.
The amendments would exclude certain categories of dog.
Although amendment 8 acknowledges that dogs can temporarily be exempt from microchipping requirements for medical reasons, it does not recognise that puppies do not have to be microchipped until they are eight weeks old.
Were the amendment to be accepted, a person taking or detaining puppies would be entirely exempt from the offence of dog abduction, yet we know that high-value puppies may be the subject of organised crime.
Yesterday, I consulted the police and crime commissioner for Essex, Roger Hirst, about the Bill, and he reminded me—as an Essex MP, you may recall this case, Madam Deputy Speaker—that a litter of blue merle French bulldog puppies, valued at £100,000, in nearby Basildon was stolen in its entirety, in a clear case of organised crime.
To exclude puppies from the Bill would be another extremely retrograde step.
The amendment would have the same effect in relation to dogs that have been imported into England by their keeper for a holiday of less than 30 days, as the 2023 regulations do not require them to be microchipped.
It would also exclude certain working dogs, such as police and Army dogs, that do not have to be microchipped until they are three months old; they would be unprotected before then.
In addition, there is a risk in relying on a definition laid down in secondary legislation that is crucial to the interpretation of the Bill.
There is a risk of unintended consequences in the application of the offences were the secondary legislation to be amended.
Furthermore, the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations do not apply in Northern Ireland, which has its own microchipping legislation.
As a result, if the amendment were made, the abduction of most dogs in Northern Ireland would be excluded from the scope of the dog abduction offence—another backward step.
It is important to recognise that the abduction offences in the Bill are deliberately framed around the broad concept of lawful control.
By not using terms like “keeper” or “owner”, the Bill recognises that different people have lawful control of our dogs at different times.
By changing the wording as proposed in amendments 3, 5 and 9, a person taking a dog so as to remove it from the lawful control of a dog walker, for example, would not be committing an offence.
I do not believe it is right for a dog to be afforded different levels of protection in law according to the individual the dog happens to be with at any given time.
We know that dogs are commonly abducted from parks or gardens, when they may well be under the lawful control of a dog sitter, a dog walker, or another member of the family.
Why should a dog that is stolen or abducted in those circumstances be dealt with differently?
I do not believe that it should be, and think most people in this country would agree.
In summary, I believe that abducting a dog is an abhorrent crime—I think we can all get behind that idea —regardless of whom the dog was taken from, and exactly the same is true for cats.
Although I am of course sympathetic to the underlying intention of amendments 3, 5 and 8 to 16, they move the Bill far away from its intended spirit.
We simply cannot create a two-tier system in which only microchipped animals are in scope of the legislation.
Given that the legislation implicitly recognises that cats and dogs are sentient beings, it is absolutely not right for only those that are microchipped to be protected, so I urge my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch not to press those amendments.
I will leave it to the Minister to address my hon.
Friend’s new clause 1 and amendment 21.
Let me address swiftly my hon.
Friend’s amendments 1, 6 and 7, which fall into the broad basket of legal amendments.
The explanatory statements to the amendments suggest that he is seeking to ensure that the person alleged to have committed an offence is not required to prove their innocence if they had a reasonable excuse or lawful authority for the act constituting the alleged offence.
I am pleased to say again that he and I agree in principle: the burden in a criminal case should always rest on the prosecution—that is a well and long-established principle of our English law—but, in my opinion, the Bill does just that.
Its drafting is such that the prosecution does bear, as usual, the burden of proof.
What he is referring to is the fact that the Bill places an evidential burden on the defendant in relation to the defences of reasonable excuse or lawful authority, in that they need to produce sufficient evidence to raise that issue, but the burden of proving the offence remains fairly and squarely on the prosecution.
My worry with the wording of the amendments is that they could introduce more uncertainty about the kind of burden that might be imposed, and could impose more of a burden on the defendant.
For those reasons, I urge him not to press amendments 1, 6 and 7.
I turn now to amendments 2 and 4, which are also legal amendments.
They seek to restrict the offences to situations where a dog is removed or detained permanently from a person’s lawful control.
The pet theft taskforce suggested an offence of pet abduction in order to move away from the formal ingredients needed to prove theft, one of which is the intention to permanently deprive, because that is more difficult to prove in relation to pets.
Putting that back into the Bill takes us back to a place we want to move away from.
Again, I urge my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to withdraw those amendments.
Finally, let me turn to my two minor technical amendments, 19 and 20, to clause 6.
You will recall, Madam Deputy Speaker, that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  tabled in Committee an amendment relating to the commencement, which was agreed to, so the original Bill was changed slightly.
That is the main driver for my two minor technical amendments, which are practically stylistic in content.
They intend to clarify the Bill’s drafting in respect of the commencement of clauses 1 and 2, which introduce the new offences of cat and dog abduction.
The amendments confirm that those clauses, so far as they extend to England and Wales, will come into force three months after the Bill receives Royal Assent.
They also confirm that clauses 1 and 2, so far as they extend to Northern Ireland, will come into force on a date appointed in an order by the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs of Northern Ireland.
For clarity, the amendments are stylistic and do not in any way change the policy of the Bill.
I urge hon.
Members to support those minor clarifications of the Bill.
I rise to support the Bill of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  and the amendments in her name, and to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher  Chope)  for all the effort, thought and consideration he has put into the work he has done.
As I mentioned, I lost my kitten when I was aged four, when microchipping was not a thing—it is one of my most prominent childhood memories.
It still stays with me, but if microchipping had been possible then, we might have found that kitten and come back together as a family.
It was such an issue for a young girl—losing my very first pet—so I thank my hon.
Friend for all of his consideration.
Microchipping is extremely important, as he says, and I am very glad that the Government will bring forward legislation in the near future.
I wish to speak briefly about a role that I had over the past few years until recently—that of chair of the all-party parliamentary dog advisory welfare group.
I praise and thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West for taking this Bill through Parliament.
During my time as chair of that group, we were able to bring Lucy’s law into legislation, and it made such a huge difference to animal lovers right across the United Kingdom.
I have chaired a number of all-party parliamentary groups, and that is one of the most popular that I ever chaired: during the pandemic, up to 500 members attended the meetings online, and well over 100 people would attend every single meeting in Parliament itself.
We must recognise that the UK is most definitely a country of dog lovers.
I also pay tribute to the local animal welfare sanctuary in Bothwell, just next to my constituency, which I visit very regularly.
It covers the whole of South Lanarkshire, including my constituency, and I thank it for its work.
When I chaired the dog advisory welfare APPG, pet theft was a huge issue not only because, as my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West said, some of the dogs stolen were extremely highly pedigreed and valuable, but because the fate of some of the dogs was heinous.
Often, people were taking the dogs as bait for dog-fighting purposes.
The horrendous stories that we heard in that APPG underscore how vital it is that this legislation moves forward.
It is an excellent step forward, and I think it sends a message to those who would try to abduct pets, particularly dogs and cats, that it is not acceptable.
We wish to underscore that, and this Government have a mandate to do so.
Before closing, I wish to give my condolences to Mr Speaker for his loss.
I did not have the privilege of personally knowing his father, but from my understanding, he has been a great servant to politics across both Houses.
I wanted to pass on my condolences today, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Let me begin by saying that Labour strongly supports the measures to tackle pet theft and abduction, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  again for introducing the Bill.
Let me also echo the comments about Doug Hoyle, and the condolences to Mr Speaker.
Much of the discussion in Committee was about timing—a subject that has come up again this morning—but I will start by addressing amendments that have already been discussed, particularly amendment 10, which would effectively remove cats from the scope of the Bill.
The hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  seems to play an important role in this place on Fridays.
Along with some of my colleagues, I have felt frustrated on occasion by the degree of challenge that he presents,  but I think it important for legislation to be properly challenged, so I thank him for the points that he has raised this morning, especially in relation to the amendments relating to dogs, which open up a range of wider issues.
I will not go through the amendments in detail one by one, because the hon.
Member for Southend West dealt very effectively with many of those points and I found myself in agreement with her on all of them, but there are bigger issues involved in the way in which we register and track dogs.
All this is complicated, and I know from talking to vets in my shadow ministerial role that they worry about being dragged into ownership disputes as a consequence.
I think it is part of a wider discussion, and I am certainly not opposed to our having that discussion, but I agree with the hon.
Lady that there is a danger of our being drawn into delays and also into diminishing the scope of the Bill, which I think would be disappointing.
Labour will therefore not support the amendments tabled by the hon.
Member for Christchurch.
Amendment 10, which relates to cats, strikes me as something much more fundamental, and we oppose it strongly.
As my colleagues and I have argued throughout the long saga of this Bill and its predecessor, cat theft is a real issue.
I note the discussion about numbers, but I suspect that there is a degree of under-reporting—the offence does not currently exist, so why would anyone report it?
Those who advocate for cats are, unsurprisingly, appalled by the prospect of the Bill’s being savaged in this way.
Cats Protection tells me that “with 11 million owned cats in the UK, we know how much cats mean to families and how devastating their theft is—both to the humans who love them and the cats themselves.”
It says: “In just a few weeks of running some supporter actions, we had over 40,000 cat lovers get involved in campaigning for cats to be included in any pet theft legislation including over 10,000 letters to MPs.
It is imperative that cats are included in the Bill.”
I am sure the hon.
Member for Christchurch will say that a campaigning organisation making the case effectively does not necessarily lead to good law, but I think the point we can take from what it has said is that there is considerable public interest in the issue, and an expectation that action will be taken.
As for the microchipping issues that have been raised, I genuinely believe that they can be resolved.
After all, we do not look at other theft offences and say that we will not tackle them because what was stolen could not be microchipped.
There was a particular irony in the discussion in Committee about timing and whether the Bill could be implemented within three months.
I think Conservative Members know exactly what I am going to say: this could have been done fully two years ago.
We need not have been here today.
This is yet another private Member’s Bill that has appeared as a result of the Government’s abandonment of the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
It seems to me that the real question about this Pet Abduction Bill is, “Who abducted the kept animals Bill, and for what purpose?”
I have asked that question repeatedly but have never been given an answer, and I am certain that I will not be given one today.
It is just another of those DEFRA mysteries—like the mystery of how the Secretary of State comes to override the advice of his permanent secretary, but that is one for another day.
The Government’s decision to ditch that major piece of animal welfare legislation has caused enormous disappointment to the animal welfare charities that had worked so hard on it for years, to pet owners and to members of the public, all of whom care deeply about protecting animals against cruelty.
Most importantly, of course, it has allowed the mistreatment of animals to continue.
We will never know how many animals might not have been abducted had this legislation been passed earlier—I am not the only person to have said that.
The same point was made powerfully earlier this month in a report by the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee: “The Government’s withdrawal of the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals)
Bill stalled progress on key animal welfare issues.
These delays have allowed the continuation of poor animal welfare practices.
The Department must ensure that every provision from the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals)
Bill is brought into force during the current Parliament.
We welcome the introduction of Private Members’ bills that will take forward vital animal welfare measures, but note that the Government was relying heavily on Members who were successful in the Private Members’ bill ballot being willing to take on its handout bills to deliver its manifesto promises, rather than committing to bringing forward the legislation itself.
While on this occasion it may prove successful, it was nonetheless a risky strategy.”
That is why we are here today, discussing this issue with a piece of legislation that, frankly, is at risk because of the process we are going through.
There is no guarantee, given political uncertainty and the febrile nature of politics at the moment, that there will be time for the Bill to reach the statute book.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee is right to make those observations, and it is deeply regrettable that, contrary to what the Government promised in their May 2021 action plan for animals, they have failed to take leadership in cracking down on the rising rates of pet abduction.
Labour will not be supporting the amendments tabled by the hon.
Member for Christchurch, but I hope that the Bill can proceed intact to Third Reading and beyond.
First, may I from the Government Benches send our condolences to Mr Speaker, who is unable to be here today because he is attending his father’s funeral?
We send our sympathies to him.
It is a pleasure to speak about this Bill, which is so important to many people.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his considered attention to the Bill, not only today but previously and in the meetings that I and my right hon.
Friend the Minister of State held with him in consideration of the points he has brought to the House.
I also thank him for his support of some of the measures that we are bringing forward in the Bill.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for her considered responses and her contributions on Report.
Let me start by addressing amendments 1, 6 and 7.
As was eloquently outlined by my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, the Bill already makes it clear that prosecutors bear the burden of proof.
We want to create suitable offences that will crack down on cases of dog and cat abduction, and I agree with my hon.
Friend’s assessment that amendments 2 and 4 would undermine the scope for prosecutions to be  brought for the offences of dog and cat abductions.
I, too, urge my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to withdraw amendments 1, 2, 4, 6 and 7 on the basis of the points that I have made and the contributions from my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West.
New clause 1 and amendments 3, 5, 8, 9, 10, 16 and 21 have already been discussed.
I commend the dedication of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to microchipping.
I know he has a branch of Cats Protection in his constituency, as does my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Norfolk (James Wild) , who rightly contributed to this debate, stating that Cats Protection has been instrumental in supporting the extension of the compulsory microchipping requirements to cats.
I am pleased about both the extension and its support for this issue.
From the first moment that an offence of dog abduction was introduced in this place, MPs and stakeholders alike have asked for it to be extended to cats.
The Department has received a significant number of letters from the public and parliamentary questions from right hon.
and hon.
Members in support of this proposal.
I agree with my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West that the Government cannot support removing cats from the scope of the Bill.
However, I understand that the desire of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to remove cats from the scope of the Bill was guided by the laudable intention of incentivising microchipping.
I am pleased that we very much agree on the importance of microchipping, which is the best way to reunite people with lost and abducted animals.
The Government made microchipping compulsory for dogs in England in 2016, and we are now extending the benefits of that legislation to cats.
From  10 June , all owned cats in England over the age of 20 weeks must be microchipped and registered on a compliant database.
Microchipping is a safe, simple and effective procedure.
The average cost is £25, plus an average £10 registration over the lifetime of the animal.
Microchipping undeniably helps to bring displaced pets home.
In the UK, around 90% of dogs have been microchipped.
In 2023, more than 70% of cats have already been voluntarily microchipped.
Our post-implementation review of the Microchipping of Dogs (England) Regulations 2015—the predecessor to the 2023 regulations—showed that this legislation has had a positive effect on reunification rates.
Stray dogs that have been microchipped and have up-to-date database records are more than twice as likely to be reunited with their keeper than stray dogs without a microchip.
Police and local authorities can and do issue notices requiring a dog to be microchipped where it is not already.
That has been demonstrated to be an effective mechanism to support compliance.
Since we introduced the English compulsory cat microchipping legislation, we have been working closely with a number of animal welfare stakeholders to develop a co-ordinated communications campaign to explain to cat owners the benefits of microchipping and the new legal requirements.
Last summer, we even enlisted the support of our chief mouser Larry the cat, who himself was once an un-microchipped stray, before being taken in and rehomed by Battersea Dogs and Cats Home.
Larry’s tweet on International Cat Day, explaining the importance of microchipping for reuniting pets with their owners, received half a million impressions.
I am also grateful to stakeholders who have helped to spread the message at the start of our 100-day countdown campaign to the introduction of these measures.
With just over 50 days to go before the  10 June  deadline, we are ramping up our communications strategy with stakeholders for that final push.
I urge anyone who has not yet microchipped their cat to do so as quickly as possible.
Our communications around the new cat microchipping rules, as well as around this Bill, will provide a clear message that microchipping will help bring abducted pets back home sooner.
However, compulsory cat microchipping is just one of a number of planned microchipping reforms.
Last month, we published our response to the consultation on English pet microchipping reform.
We are committing to a number of improvements to the microchipping regime around three themes: first, making it easier for approved users to access records; secondly, improving the accuracy of records; and thirdly, standardising database operator processes.
Those reforms will implement one of the key recommendations of the pet theft taskforce that more robust processes should be in place to stop stolen pets being registered to new keepers by ensuring that the current keeper has up to 28 days to object to a transfer of keepership request made to a database operator before any transfer can go through, and by preventing database operators from creating a duplicate microchip record for a pet.
We are also making all database operators record whether a pet is reported as missing.
That will assist enforcement bodies and flag concerns to a database operator, should they receive a transfer of keepership request.
We are looking to legislate specifically to deal with that issue in due course.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West has eloquently outlined how the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch would overly restrict the Bill, and the Government cannot support them.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch rightly made some points on guidance in his new clause 1 and amendment 21 and asked for statutory guidance to be issued by the Secretary of State.
I agree that guidance will be essential for frontline workers enforcing new pet abduction offences, ensuring that those are used appropriately.
The Government are committed to working with key stakeholders to ensure that appropriate guidance relating to this Bill will be available before the Bill’s offences come into force.
The cross-Government pet theft taskforce already establishes relationships with police officers, operational partners and animal welfare organisations working in the area, so we have a network already in place, and I can confirm that conversations are already under way.
I will ensure that the points that my hon.
Friend has rightly raised are part of the conversations that are already under way.
Enforcers will have the support and information they need to effectively implement the legislation once it comes into force without the need to legally require enforcement guidance.
I know that my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch is concerned about people benefiting from the legislation when they have shirked their responsibility to have their pets microchipped.
I assure the House that we are doing work with police colleagues to make them aware that, in the event that they recover an abducted cat or dog that is not microchipped, they have the power to issue a notice under the English microchipping regulations requiring those pets to be microchipped within 21 days.
For completeness, failing to comply with such a notice is an offence and subject to a fine of £500.
In addition, the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023 provide for the police to be able to take the animal in question to be microchipped without the keeper’s consent, and allow the costs associated with that to be recovered.
The enforcement regime for the English microchipping legislation is designed to ensure that an animal will end up being microchipped if it is found not to be.
We understand that most people comply with such a notice where issued, so only a small number of such cases are taken through the courts.
In addition to the existing enforcement mechanism, we are considering enabling penalty notices for the offence of not microchipping a cat or dog through the Animal (Penalty Notices) (England) Regulations 2023.
In summary, I cannot, therefore, commit that we will work—[Interruption.]
I am sorry; I can commit—I want to reiterate that—that we will be working closely with enforcement partners to ensure that my hon.
Friend’s concerns are addressed.
We are working at speed to prepare for this engagement.
On the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, I thank her for bringing forward these minor, technical adjustments to the Bill.
The Government support them and agree that their clarity help to progress the Bill, specifically in relation to clauses 1 and 2. I urge all hon.
Members to support them.
With the leave of the House, I will respond to the debate.
We have made great progress, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend the Minister for facilitating that.
My amendments—particularly amendments 10 to 15—were designed to address the problem of potential waste of police and local authority enforcement resources in trying to trace pets that had not been microchipped.
My hon.
Friend, in saying what he did about the guidance and advice that will be given to enforcement authorities, got to the core of my concerns.
It has never been my intention to be anti-cat.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  suggested that I do not think that cats matter.
I will not put myself into a category where cats do not matter, because I have enough emails coming in already on other issues.
[Laughter.]
Cats do matter, and so do dogs —and, for the sake of completeness, so do tortoises.
I have never been against including cats in the Bill, but I have been nervous about doing so when many cats are still not microchipped.
From  10 June , that will be compulsory and, as the Minister said, there will be stronger enforcement measures.
Given the number of local authorities issuing notices, I do not think they are applying their minds to it, but perhaps when they link that in with the prospect of complaints if cats have been abducted, they will realise that there is a strong link between the two issues.
I hope that the consequence of all this debate will be that we have a much better, more complete database, and that more cats and even more dogs will be microchipped.
Having a million-plus dogs not microchipped at the moment is unacceptable.
One cannot always say on a Friday that we have made progress, but I think that we have on this issue.
In the light of that, I beg to ask leave to withdraw new clause 1.
Clause, by leave, withdrawn.
Amendments made: 19, page 5, line 6, leave out “come into force in relation to England” and insert “, so far as they extend to England and Wales, come into force”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).
Amendment 20, page 5, line 11, leave out “in relation” and insert “so far as they extend”.—(Anna Firth.)
This is a technical amendment to ensure that the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 is dealt with in the same way throughout clause 6.
Third Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
May I put on the record, on behalf of everybody in Southend West, our condolences to Mr Speaker and his family on the loss of his esteemed father, Doug Hoyle?
I am delighted to present this Bill for its Third Reading.
I am grateful to all Members who have engaged so passionately and shared their stories at all stages, and I will keep my remarks as brief as I can so that other Members can get in.
I will start, as I did on Second Reading, by taking a moment to reflect on my predecessor, Sir David Amess, who was a true titan when it came to championing our pets, particularly dogs.
As I mentioned on Second Reading, he chaired and spoke in the last debate that we had in this place on pet reform, and I know that he would be so proud that Southend West is playing a pivotal role in bringing forward this legislation.
I, too, am proud to be building on his legacy again today.
When I introduced the Bill, I started by saying that Britain is a nation of animal lovers and that pets are part of our families.
I believe that our discussions, both today and at all previous stages, have illustrated that perfectly.
We are showing that cats and dogs are not just items, and that abducting them causes real distress to families and individuals, because actions speak far louder than words.
This Bill will send a signal that we take animal welfare seriously in the UK.
One wonderful thing about the House is that we are often united when it comes to issues of animal welfare.
We are united in sending a signal to the world that we believe in, and are proud of, our record on animal welfare.
Of course, I have lots of people to thank.
I thank the people who have made significant contributions in this area over many years, including my right hon.
Friends the Members for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) and for Witham (Priti Patel); my hon.
Friends the Members for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie), for Dartford (Gareth Johnson) and for Ipswich (Tom Hunt); the former Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , with whom I was at Bar school; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) ; Dr Daniel Allen; and Debbie Matthews, the daughter of the late Sir Bruce Forsyth.