Let me reiterate how strongly we in Labour support these measures.
I again thank  the hon.
Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for bringing the Bill forward.
I also echo her comments, and those of others, about Sir David Amess.
I think he absolutely would have been thrilled to see this legislation going forward today.
I would also echo the hon.
Lady’s comments about the many animal welfare charities that work so hard on this and provide such excellent briefings.
Again, I think they too will be very pleased to see the legislation going forward.
As has been said, we are a nation of animal lovers.
Pets are very much a cherished part of our families.
We know that companion animals are sentient beings who can experience pain, fear and distress, just as we can, and we can all imagine—some Members have spoken passionately about it today—the heartbreak that is experienced by any pet owner when their beloved animal is abducted.
Yet—we talked about the numbers earlier—the Kennel Club estimated that there were 2,355 cases of dog theft in 2020, amounting to approximately 196 dogs stolen every month.
As we have heard, cats are also increasingly victims of this crime, with a report by Pet Theft Awareness finding that, in 2021, police recorded a 40% increase, and a quadrupling since 2015.
As we have heard throughout this process, the law, as it currently stands, is ill-equipped to deal with the problem.
Under the Theft Act 1968, pets are wrongly treated as inanimate objects.
Their value is diminished to that of physical property, like a TV or a toaster, and that cannot be allowed to continue.
That is why the pet theft taskforce recommended in 2021 that a new offence of pet abduction be created—a new kind of offence that would put the emphasis on the welfare of the animal abducted and pay due regard to their status as sentient beings.
That is what the Bill does, with those two new criminal offences of dog abduction and cat abduction attracting up to five years imprisonment, a fine, or both, to deter those who are looking to exploit animals for financial gain by stealing them from their owners and selling them, or using them for breeding.
Through the creation of those specific offences, pet owners will now have a clear legal framework by which they can ensure that their cases are actively investigated.
Creating those specific offences will also require police to collate better data, allowing any patterns emerging to be properly analysed.
Collating more accurate data will help to formulate the best prevention strategies .
I am delighted that we have managed to ensure that cats are covered as well as dogs.
With compulsory microchipping, it should soon be much easier for anyone attempting to ascertain whether a cat is owned or lost to establish those details.
I am also pleased that there is an enabling power, so that the appropriate national authorities may create pet abduction offences in respect of more species of animal where there is significant evidence of incidents involving the unlawful taking or detaining of animals of that species, or a significant increase in the number of such incidents.
I note in passing that the amendment is a sensible, simple future-proofing provision, like the amendment we proposed to the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill, which went through this House earlier this year, but which the Government chose to reject.
Although we welcome the Bill, the Government have fallen far short of the lofty claims on animal welfare that they trumpeted at the last election.
There has been none of the promised action to stop British farmers being undercut by low-welfare imports—a huge issue for famers, consumers and animal welfare, which the Government have ignored.
Indeed, when I challenged the Prime Minister at Prime Minister’s questions this week, he actually cited some of the trade deals as things to be proud of—quite incredible, given the damage we know they will do.
There has been no implementation of promised regulations banning electric shock collars for cats and dogs, no sign of the promised consultation on banning snares, and no action on banning hunting trophy imports, which is why last month another private Member’s Bill was before the House, this one promoted by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar) , seeking to do exactly what the Government promised in their 2019 manifesto.