Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 40th anniversary of Citizens for East Shore Parks (CESP), an extraordinary community organization founded in 1985 to protect open space and wildlife habitat and to provide recreational opportunities along the eastern shore of the San Francisco Bay.
Through their tireless advocacy and partnership with community allies, CESP was instrumental in the creation of McLaughlin Eastshore State Park, which preserves and protects 8.5 miles of shoreline habitat and open space from the Bay Bridge to Richmond.
This remarkable park provides Bay Area residents access to natural beauty and recreational opportunities in one of the Nation's most urbanized regions.
Over four decades, CESP has helped transform the East Bay shoreline from neglected dumping grounds into a connected landscape of parks, trails, and ecological preserves.
Their efforts have supported the creation and protection of McLaughlin Eastshore State Park, Point Molate Park, Tom Bates Regional Sports Complex, the Bay Trail connection at Golden Gate Fields, and the Albany Bulb.
Today, CESP continues to lead with vision and purpose, working toward incorporating the Golden Gate Fields property into McLaughlin Eastshore State Park and ultimately restoring the site to wetlands and marshes that will provide a resilient shoreline in the face of sea level rise.
In this effort, CESP is committed to collaborating with Native American communities to restore these historically vital landscapes.
CESP's long-term vision is bold and inspiring: a connected, accessible shoreline of open space and parkland stretching from the Carquinez Strait to San Jose.
Their work has created a legacy of preservation, environmental stewardship, and public access that will benefit generations to come.
On behalf of the constituents of California's 8th Congressional District, I commend Citizens for East Shore Parks for their outstanding contributions to our region and our environment, and I congratulate them on 40 years of remarkable achievement.