In response to my hon.
Friend’s direct question, I met the head of the Egyptian Red Crescent in Egypt.
We are in very close contact to make sure that British aid and British support enhance the excellent efforts that the Red Crescent is doing everything it possibly can to prosecute.
It is clear that Prime Minister Netanyahu has not taken the slightest notice of anything the British Government or even the Americans have been saying.
Mrs Thatcher suspended arms sales to Israel in 1982, and Tony Blair did the same in 2002.
What on earth would it take for this Government to follow their example?
The right hon.
Gentleman refers to the views of Prime Minister Netanyahu, and he will know that both our Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have engaged directly with Prime Minister Netanyahu to ensure that he is fully aware of what Britian thinks.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also be aware that Israel is a pluralist democracy—the only one in the region.
He will be aware that Israeli Minister Benny Gantz, whom the Foreign Secretary recently met in London, has different views from Prime Minister Netanyahu.
There are many different views, and Britain strongly supports the views that I have set out to the House today.
It is not for Ministers to make policy on arms sales and the arms regime from the Dispatch Box.
It is for the proper due processes—as laid down and approved by Parliament, and as laid down in law—and that is what we follow.
Given the impending famine in Gaza, as outlined by the IPC report, will the UK align with the EU, Sweden, Australia, Canada and many other countries by restoring funding to UNRWA as the most effective way to urgently and immediately scale up the delivery of aid, food and medical supplies to Gaza?
As my hon.
Friend knows, we expect the report from the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services and, indeed, the interim report from Catherine Colonna, the former Foreign Minister of France, tomorrow, and we will read it with very great interest.
Catherine Colonna is working with the Raoul Wallenberg Institute in Sweden, the Chr.
Michelsen Institute in Norway and the Danish Institute for Human Rights, and we hope that her report will show a road map by which funding to UNRWA from Britain and many other countries can be restored.
My hon.
Friend will equally be aware that UNRWA is fully funded for some months hence, and that British funding is fully paid up until into the next financial year.