I take absolutely no satisfaction in saying that a month ago in this Chamber I said that innocent people will die because of Israel’s decision to prevent food from getting to those who need it.
The reports of an imminent famine should surprise no one; we have all known that this deliberate, man-made famine was coming.
The Foreign Affairs Committee has just returned from al-Arish, on the Egypt-Gaza border, where we saw hundreds and hundreds of lorryloads of food and aid waiting for permission to get into Gaza.
Let us be very clear about our language here: the people of Gaza are not starving; they are being starved.
Does the Minister accept that there is no food shortage in the region?
Does he accept that people are starving to death just 44 miles from Tel Aviv—the distance between Glasgow and Edinburgh—as a direct result of the Israeli siege and the premeditated decision to cut off food supplies?
Does he also accept that starving a civilian population to death is a war crime?
Finally, does he still believe that the UK is right, both legally and morally, to continue selling weapons to Israel?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, he is well aware of the arms sales regime that Britain adopts.
As I have said to him before from the Dispatch Box, it is the toughest regime anywhere in the world.
[Interruption.]
If I may say so, the difference between him and me is that he sees things as we would wish them to be, but we in the Government have to deal with them as they are.
That is why we are taking so many steps to try to achieve the release of the hostages, and to get aid and support into Gaza.
One of the points the hon.
Gentleman makes is right, and it is echoed by the shadow Foreign Secretary: the way to get aid into Gaza is by road and by truck.
Of course we are doing everything we can to explore every way, including the maritime route and dropping aid from the air, but at the end of the day, aid is delivered by road.
That is one reason why we are working so closely with Jordan to ensure that the aid route into Gaza by road is enhanced.
At the end of the day, that is the right route to get aid in, and we are doing everything we can to try to make sure that it is pursued.
Last time, I asked my right hon.
Friend about progress on trying to have a hostage transfer, because right at the core of this conflict is the visceral feeling of the Israelis that they want their people home, which anyone can understand.
Has any progress been made, and would he like to update the House on where we are with that?
I completely agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend, which is why trying to get the hostages home and out of Gaza, and trying to get food in, are absolutely our twin objectives.
In an extremely difficult circumstance, Britain is certainly right at the front of all countries in trying to achieve that.
It would not be sensible for me to give the House a running commentary on hostage release, but he will have seen that negotiations have resumed in Qatar.
Obviously, everyone in the House will hope that those negotiations are both speedy and successful.
A new independent multi-agency investigation by the United Nations into an Israeli military airstrike on a residential compound housing an emergency medical team—including from Medical Aid for Palestinians, a UK charity—has found that it most likely involved a 1,000 lb US-manufactured bomb fired from an F-16 jet.
Those F-16s include parts supplied by the UK.
Can the Minister today set out conclusively that no parts supplied by the UK were used to bomb a compound housing medical staff from a UK charity—will he rule that out?
The events that the hon.
Gentleman describes are appalling, and what the British Government would say is that there must be a full and transparent inquiry and examination into how those events took place.
It remains incredible that some people in this place can barely utter a word of criticism of the Hamas regime in Gaza, who themselves are being accused of stealing and hoarding aid.
With regard to the operation in Rafah, the Israeli Government have been very clear that hostages are being held there and that some of them have been subjected to sexual violence and other abuse.
Are we saying to the Israeli Government that they have no right to go in and seek to rescue those hostages?
No.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we have been absolutely clear throughout that Israel has the right to self-defence, and what he is describing is covered by the right to self-defence.
He sets out eloquently that absolute blame for what has happened lies with Hamas for perpetrating the events of  7 October , and once again he is absolutely right to set out that context.
We are talking as if famine is imminent, but the fact is that the UN reports that 27 Palestinian children have already died from starvation and hunger.
Josep Borrell has said that hunger should not be used as a weapon of war, and I hope that the Minister would agree.
We need that ceasefire immediately.
We need it to get the hostages out, we need it to get aid in, and we need it to get all the killing to stop.
My question to the Minister is simple.
What we are doing is not working, but there is one more thing we can do, which is to change how we vote at the Security Council.
Will the UK stop abstaining and join the rest of the world in calling for that immediate ceasefire now?
The hon.
Lady speaks on these matters with great knowledge and great sincerity, and I greatly respect what she says.
The problem with calling for an immediate ceasefire is that it may salve our consciences but it is not deliverable, because neither side in this appalling brutality is willing to embrace a ceasefire.
That is why the policy of the British Government is to argue in every way we can for a pause, so that we can get the hostages out and get aid in, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
That is what we will continue to do in all international fora, including the United Nations.
Over the past few months we have all listened to the Minister explaining that the Government have been begging, pleading with and pressing the Israeli Government to allow more aid in, but seemingly to little effect.
Has he now reached the conclusion that the Israeli Government are wilfully obstructing the entrance of aid into the Gaza strip?
If so, that would presumably be a breach of the International Court of Justice’s ruling, and indeed of international humanitarian law.
What would be the consequence of that conclusion?
I do not agree with my right hon.
Friend’s premise, because I do not think we are in the position to reach that judgment, but the point he is making is that it is essential to get more food, aid, support and medicine into Gaza, and every day the British Government are working intently to that end.
Mr Speaker, “Famine is a reality…the highest hunger level of anywhere else in the world in terms of total numbers…all manmade…A ceasefire is an absolute requirement”.
Those are the words of Matthew Hollingsworth, the country director of the World Food Programme, and of the UN Secretary-General.
Starvation is indeed being used as a weapon of war.
In Gaza, it is clear that Israel is engineering a famine for more than 2 million civilians.
It is also clear that UK diplomacy has failed, so the Minister must now indicate what action the Government will take to escalate pressure to stop Israel’s military  assault, to demand a ceasefire and to ensure that emergency assistance is provided through UNWRA to those being starved to death.
I think that many people in Israel and elsewhere will find part of what the hon.
Lady has said profoundly offensive.
She is right to say that the characteristics of famine are present in Gaza, as I set out in my earlier response, and that is why we are doing everything we can, together with our allies, to get as much food and support into Gaza as possible.
Officials on the ground have stated that Hamas are appropriating —or misappropriating—as much as 60% of the humanit-arian aid entering the Gaza strip.
This is part of a long pattern of prioritising fighters, abusing aid to produce rockets and using construction materials to build hundreds of miles of tunnels for their terror activities.
We know that they do it; they have done it for years and they are doing it now.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that Hamas are flagrantly disregarding the humanitarian needs of the people of Gaza, while Israel has been increasing the amount of aid going in exponentially?
I very much agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend that Hamas are using ordinary people in Gaza as a human shield.
It is utterly repugnant as well as completely against international humanitarian law and, like him, I condemn it.
Humanitarian organisations have been warning repeatedly that this would happen.
A group of us met them last week, and when this conflict started I met Islamic Relief, which is based in my constituency.
We now end up here, where we are seeing healthcare being attacked and systematically degraded.
We are seeing no safe zones left.
We are told of the onset of famine, and that the number of people being killed keeps rising.
Will the Minister finally please listen to the calls of Members across this House, of the international communities and of the people working on the ground and call for an immediate ceasefire and unrestricted aid?
I have set out several times already today why calling for an immediate ceasefire may make us feel better but is not a practical resolution.
That is why—[Interruption.]
There is no difference between the analysis that the hon.
Lady makes, and the NGOs in her constituency, and my analysis.
The question is: what do we do about it?
That is why Britain, along with our allies, is continuously, on a 24/7 basis, doing everything practical that we can to get more food and support into Gaza.
My right hon.
Friend has mentioned the floating pier to be constructed by the United States.
What assurances has he received that the pier will be used solely for the delivery of humanitarian aid and not, as has been suggested, subsequently repurposed for military use?
It is early days yet to see precisely how that maritime initiative will deliver, but I do not believe that what my right hon.
Friend fears will be allowed to  happen as we tackle that issue.
We are giving strong support to all mechanisms for getting aid into Gaza—air, sea and land—but he, like me, will understand that the best mechanism is always by land.
I do not think I have ever received as many emails of concern from constituents as I have about the situation in Gaza.
As has already been said, over 500,000 Palestinians are at starvation levels and 27 children and three adults have died so far as a result of starvation and dehydration.
In the words of Medical Aid for Palestinians: “This is not happening because the rains have failed or there has been a poor harvest.
It is because…the Israeli authorities refuse to allow enough food into Gaza”.
So I have this question for the Minister, and my Edinburgh South West constituents will be listening to the answer: does he agree that starvation as a weapon of war is a war crime?
The point that I hope the hon.
and learned Lady will make to her Edinburgh constituents is that she and I, the Government and the whole House are intent on ensuring that more food and more support get into Gaza as rapidly as possible.
That is what the Government are doing every day.