What fiscal steps his Department is taking to help increase the level of business investment.
At the autumn statement in 2023, the Chancellor set out ambitious growth packages designed to boost business investment, including making full expensing permanent and a tax cut to companies of over £10 billion a year to ensure we have one of the most generous capital allowances in the world.
With further growth-enhancing measures set out in spring Budget 2024, the Office for Budget Responsibility estimates that Government policy announced at the past three fiscal events is expected to increase the size of the economy by 0.7% by 2028-29.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Ives (Derek Thomas) , I was delighted to see the increase in the VAT threshold from £85,000 to £90,000 in the Budget.
That will help small businesses invest for the future, such as the Two Doves café and gift shop in Overton, which is popular with people from both Clwyd South and North Shropshire.
However, given the vital importance to small businesses, will my hon.
Friend prioritise increasing the VAT threshold again in the next fiscal intervention?
My hon.
Friend comes to this House with significant business experience, so when he talks, we certainly listen, and I am delighted to hear that he was pleased with the VAT threshold increase.
I can tell him that, in addition to what I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Ives (Derek Thomas)  about the £90,000 threshold, this level is higher than that of any EU member state and is the joint highest in the OECD.
Many of his businesses will be among the 28,000 that will benefit from the increase, so we have no plans at this stage to change it.
But the actual record of this Government over the past 14 years is abysmal.
It is a fact that business investment has been consistently among the lowest in both the OECD and the G7, and now the Office for Budget Responsibility is forecasting a further 5% fall this year.
Why?
Announcements in each of our last three fiscal events have enhanced our business investment environment for international investors: we have the second highest foreign direct investment stock in the world; we have some of the best universities in the world, which are attracting businesses; we have announced full expensing, which is a £10 billion-a-year tax cut; we have the lowest corporation tax in the G7; and we are reforming our energy grid, bringing investment into our net zero ambitions.
We are reforming our systems, reducing our taxes, and encouraging investment.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Financial Conduct Authority on the administration of Safe Hands Plans.
I recognise that this has been a very challenging time for Safe Hands customers.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the FCA, as the independent regulator of the funeral plan sector, is responsible for dealing with specific cases.
However, the Treasury and the FCA have worked closely throughout the process of bringing the sector into regulation, as well as during the implementation of the new regulatory framework.
My experience of the FCA and the Safe Hands funeral plan fiasco is that it took six months to reply to my freedom of information request and pleaded commercial confidentiality to key questions, and that, despite being warned, the Treasury failed to support consumers moving from an unregulated sector into regulation.
It appears to me that the Treasury missed opportunities to support consumers and is still shuffling its feet.
At least 47,000 people are out of pocket to the tune of £60 million.
They were trying to protect their loved ones from expensive funerals at the worst of times.
Will the Minister consider an independent review of this matter?
A constructive response is needed to ensure that Safe Hands victims can have confidence in a system that for too long has let them down.
I share the hon.
Member’s anger at how Safe Hands customers have been treated.
The business is under criminal investigation by the Serious Fraud Office and its administrators are bringing legal action against the former owner of the Safe Hands business.
In the Treasury, we do not believe it is right to use taxpayer money to compensate consumers who lose out due to the conduct of unregulated firms; Safe Hands was not within the regulatory perimeter at that time.
However, we have worked with the sector so that the two largest providers of funeral plans have agreed to provide significantly discounted replacement plans for the customers who have found themselves so badly treated.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the cost of living on households in 2024.
The rise in inflation caused by Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine and the subsequent energy price shock has put enormous pressure on households.
Thanks to work by the Bank of England and the Government, the rate of inflation is going down, with the Office for Budget Responsibility expecting it to be back to target next autumn.
Since the disastrous Tory mini-Budget of 2022, households are continuing to feel the squeeze at the supermarket, with food prices continuing to rise and real wages falling for the longest unbroken run  since records began.
Food prices have risen by 26% over the last two years.
When will the Government listen to those who wish to follow the lead of Canada and France by introducing a price cap on staple food items at the supermarket?
Real wages are now, happily, starting to rise and, as I have said, the OBR has said that inflation will be back to target next quarter.
What would not help the cost of living is putting people’s taxes up, as the Scottish Government are doing.
The tax burden is at a record high, wages are stagnant, rents and mortgages are up by hundreds of pounds, and food prices have gone up by 25%.
The Resolution Foundation has confirmed that this is the only Parliament on record during which living standards have fallen.
Our constituents deserve better.
When is the Minister going to give the British public a chance to vote for change and call for a general election?
We have talked a lot today about the £400 billion of support that we put in during the pandemic and the £100 billion of support that we put in to support people during Putin’s energy price shock.
The Labour party did not disagree with any of those things, and I think the hon.
Lady in her heart of hearts will know that we have to pay for that—at least, I hope she does.
We have had to take some difficult decisions, but because of that, the economy is turning a corner.
We are able to reduce working people’s taxes, and I hope that she and her party will find it within themselves to support us in that endeavour.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses drive our economy and we support them to thrive using levers across Government, whether that is through our small business rate relief, by increasing the VAT registration threshold, by providing reliefs such as the annual investment allowance or through various programmes offered by the British Business Bank.
The Welsh Government are increasing the burden on small businesses by reducing retail, hospitality and leisure business rates relief from 75% to just 40%, despite the UK Government rightly extending that relief in England in the Budget.
That means that businesses in my constituency, such as the Little Cheesemonger, Now to Bed, Presents with a Difference and Tu Mundo, are all facing unsustainable business rates bills.
One business has to find an extra £35,000 a year for business rates alone.
What advice does the Minister have for small businesses in north Wales facing these onerous bills?
My hon.
Friend is right that at the autumn statement, this Government extended the retail, hospitality and leisure relief in England—a tax cut worth £2.5 billion for small businesses.
The Barnett formula applies to allow the Welsh Labour Government to offer similar relief if they want to.
It is disappointing, if not surprising, that when given the opportunity, Labour decides not to cut taxes for working people.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the best steps that the Government can take to support small businesses in Eastleigh, Hedge End and Botley is through a package of business rate reductions?
Will he outline to the House the progress the Government have made in this regard, which was desperately needed?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Business rate relief is a great way to support small businesses in Eastleigh and across the country.
Our small business rate relief means that one third of all properties in England already pay no business rates at all.
We have frozen the small business multiplier, protecting more than 1 million properties from a multiplier increase.
As I was just saying, we are supporting high streets with our retail, hospitality and leisure relief.
Just after the Budget, I met some of the small businesses in my constituency at the Flower Pots in Cheriton.
While they were pleased with some of the Budget, they talked about improving productivity and growth by raising the VAT threshold far beyond £90,000, and possibly to £250,000.
They felt that that would incentivise sole traders and small businesses to expand and work longer hours.
They feel at present that growth is restricted because of the level of the VAT threshold.
Has the Chancellor given any thought to increasing the threshold to improve productivity?
My hon.
Friend is right to engage in the way that she is with her small businesses.
We believe that the £90,000 threshold, which has just been increased, strikes the right balance between managing the public finances and supporting small businesses.
I encourage her to look at the wider package of support that the Government are providing for small businesses, not least the business rate relief that I was just talking about.
Will the Minister have discussions with his counterparts in the devolved institutions to ensure that the likes of sole traders and small businesses see a reduction in bureaucracy to make them more profitable, offering more business opportunities to more people across the United Kingdom?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the Government engage frequently with our counterparts in the Northern Ireland Administration, and that will continue to be the case.
According to the Federation of Small Businesses, two in three small businesses are suffering from late payments.
We are now 14 years into a Tory Government.
Why do the Government not follow Labour’s lead and strengthen the law on this?
We are acutely aware of this issue, and I have had meetings with the FSB.
That is why the Chancellor has announced plans to improve the situation for small businesses.
I am happy to outline that in writing to the hon.
Gentleman.
One of the requests from female-led businesses in my constituency, including Cùrlach and Rock’n Rollers, was for a VAT cut for hairdressing businesses.
Can the Minister tell me why that was not considered in the Budget?
These businesses are an important part of our high streets and they are often led by women, who have missed out significantly in the Chancellor’s Budget.
We of course support hairdressers, our high streets and women-run businesses, which is why we have extended the retail, hospitality and leisure relief to 75%.
Cutting taxes for hard-working people is what the Conservative Government do.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of his income tax policies on pensioners.
The Government have nearly doubled the personal allowance since 2010, and in 2024-25 it will be more than 20% higher in real terms than if it had been uprated by inflation since 2010-11.
The personal allowance is currently set at a high enough level to ensure that pensioners whose sole income is the full rate of the new state pension, or the basic-rate pension, do not pay any income tax.
I have been contacted by pensioners in my constituency who get a full state pension plus protected payments from the old scheme.
The increase in their pensions in line with inflation has put them over the personal allowance threshold for paying income tax, which has eaten away at that increase.
Was it the Minister’s intention in the Budget to drag pensioners into paying income tax?
As I have outlined, and as the Resolution Foundation and others have pointed out, pensioners have gained about £1,000 on average as a result of the Government’s decisions since 2010 to increase thresholds.
Some pensioners rely solely on the state for their incomes, and we are supporting pensioners through a variety of other measures: not only the triple lock but pension credit and cost of living support.
Pensioners across the country will benefit from the 8.5% increase coming in April.