Israel suffered the worst terrorist attack in its history on  7 October  last year.
The scenes that we saw on that day were appalling, and Hamas’s disregard for civilian welfare continues today, more than five months later.
We remember all the time those who are still being held hostage and their families, and we call once again for their immediate release.
However, we naturally remain deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza and the impact of the conflict on all Palestinian civilians.
We have borne witness to death and displacement on a vast scale.
More than 1,700,000 people have had to leave their home, many on multiple occasions.
We are deeply concerned about the growing risk of famine, exacerbated by the spread of disease, and, of course, about the terrible psychosocial impacts of the conflict, which will be felt for years to come.
We are totally committed to getting humanitarian aid to all those people in Gaza who desperately need it, doing so either ourselves or through UN agencies and British or other charities.
We and our partners are pushing to get aid in through all feasible means, by land, sea and air.
We have trebled our aid funding to the Occupied Palestinian Territories this year, providing just under £100 million, of which £70 million has been delivered as humanitarian assistance.
On  13 March  a further 150 tonnes of UK aid arrived in Gaza, including 840 family tents, 13,440 blankets, nearly 3,000 shelter kits and shelter fixing kits, 6,000 sleeping mats, and more than 3,000 dignity kits.
A field hospital, provided through UK aid funding to UK-Med, arrived in Gaza from Manchester last Friday.
This facility, staffed by UK and local medics, will be able to treat more than 100 patients a day.
Along with Cyprus, the United States, the United Arab Emirates and others, Britain will help to deliver humanitarian aid by sea to a new temporary US military pier in Gaza via a maritime corridor from Cyprus.
We have made it clear, however, that air and sea deliveries cannot be a substitute for the delivery of aid through land routes.
Only through those routes can the demand for the volume of aid that is now required be met.
We continue to press Israel to open more land crossings for longer, and with fewer screening requirements.
There is no doubt that land crossings are the most effective means of getting aid into Gaza, and Israel must do more.
There is also no doubt that the best way to bring an end to the suffering is to agree an immediate humanitarian pause, and progress towards a sustainable, permanent ceasefire without a return to destruction, fighting and loss of life.
Reaching that outcome is the focus of all our diplomatic efforts right now, and a goal that is shared by our international partners.
We urge all sides to seize the opportunity, and continue negotiations to reach an agreement as soon as possible.
Yesterday, a UN-backed report revealed the shocking reality that famine in Gaza is imminent.
Half the population is expected to face catastrophic levels of hunger—the highest number of people ever recorded as being in that category under this system.
Only twice in 20 years have famine conditions been reached, but what distinguishes the horror in Gaza from what has come before is that it is not driven by drought or natural disaster; it is man-made.
It is the consequence of war.
It is the consequence of aid that is available not reaching those who need it.
Food is piled up in trucks just a few kilometres away, while children in Gaza are starving.
It is unbearable, and it must not go on.
International law is clear: Israel has an obligation to ensure the provision of aid.
The binding measures ordered by the International Court of Justice require it.
The world has demanded it for months, yet still aid flows are woefully inadequate.
Aid actually fell by half between January and February.
That is outrageous.
The continued restrictions on aid flows are completely unacceptable, and must stop now—just as Hamas must release the hostages now.
I do not doubt that the Minister agrees with me, but will he have the courage to say that the ICJ’s orders, including on aid, are binding, and that Israel must comply with them?
Do the lawyers at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office believe that Israel is currently in compliance with its obligations?
Amid this accelerating hunger crisis, Prime Minister Netanyahu reportedly approved plans for an offensive against Rafah.
That would risk catastrophic humanitarian consequences.
It would be a disaster for civilians and a strategic mistake.
How are the Government working to prevent a further attack on Rafah?
The truth is this: it will not be possible to address the crisis in Gaza if the fighting does not stop—and that is also the best way to secure the release of hostages.
Will the Government finally join us and dozens of countries, and call for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire?