Consequentials have consequences.
The Chancellor announced in his Budget £20 billion of cuts for the public sector, including cuts of 13% in some Departments, and that defies logic.
The public sector is crying out for funding, but his choices, if implemented, will lay waste to it.
Does the Minister agree with the IFS, which said that it would be genuinely surprising if the Chancellor’s plans could be carried out, or with the Institute for Government, which said that “these spending plans will be impossible to deliver”, or with the Resolution Foundation, which said that the plans were fiscal fantasy?
Over the next Parliament, our plans are for spending to go up in real terms—I want to be absolutely clear about that.
Equally, spending has gone up in real terms over this Parliament too.
The hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that at the beginning of my answers, I explained that Scotland is getting £295 million extra this year through Barnett consequentials.
It is no wonder that the Institute for Fiscal Studies says that there is a “conspiracy of silence” from both the Government and the Labour party over the scale of these cuts.
As a percentage of UK spending, the Scottish block grant is set to fall to its lowest ever level under devolution, dwarfing its other plans.
For Scotland, House of Commons Library figures show capital funding falling by 16% over the next two years.
The Chancellor has already confirmed that the Scottish energy sector is the biggest loser from his Budget, and he is doubling down.
Why are this Government and this Chancellor trying to be the new hammer of Scots?
The only area in which I agree with the hon.
Gentleman is that I would love to know what the Labour party’s spending plans are for the next Parliament—perhaps Labour Members will enlighten us this evening.
I will repeat what I said at the beginning about capital: the Scottish Government have unlimited ability to switch from resource spending to capital spending.
That is a choice that they have.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help reduce regional economic inequalities.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help reduce the level of economic inequality between the north and south of England.
The Government continue to tackle regional economic inequalities and level up the United Kingdom.
The Government are empowering local leaders through a range of devolution deals, regenerating places across the country and investing in vital infrastructure.
In response to this month’s Budget, the director of the Institute for Public Policy Research North has said that “This Budget is the government’s admission that it has given up on levelling up this parliament, despite there being much left to do.”
Delivering on the Government’s levelling-up commitments would mean that my constituents would benefit from reduced social welfare dependency, increased earnings potential, and improved health and wellbeing.
Does the Minister not think that my constituents and all citizens outside London and the south-east deserve the benefits that come with economic prosperity?
We are committed to levelling up, and are delivering on it across the country.
Median pay growth has been higher in every region outside London and the south-east under this Government, and the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency is receiving £19 million from round 1 of the levelling-up fund and £20 million from round 3.
We have announced a Greater Manchester trailblazer devolution deal and a Greater Manchester investment zone, which will bring more jobs and prosperity for all of his constituents.
I have heard what Ministers have said this morning, and I must be living in an alternative universe.
Liverpool has some of the most deprived wards in the country, which have experienced poverty and destitution over the past 14 years as a result of austerity.
Some 300,000 people have accessed the household support fund, and while we are a resilient city and will continue to support those households, can the Minister explain what safety net will be put in place to support those in poverty and destitution when the household support fund ends in six months’ time?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the fact that we have extended the household support fund for the most vulnerable.
That is on the back of £96 billion of support during the energy crisis and nearly £400 billion of support through the global pandemic.
I would just point out to the hon.
Lady that the fundamental difference between Conservative Members and Labour Members is that we believe the best route out of poverty is through work, and our party is increasing employment.
Across Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly, most jobs are supplied by very small businesses, many of which fall below the VAT threshold.
Given the economic inequalities around the region, the increase of the VAT threshold to £90,000 is very welcome, but the threshold being that low and the cliff-edge effect of going from zero to 20% have a chilling impact on growing small businesses and providing all-year-round jobs.
Will the Minister consider introducing some sort of taper for that £90,000 threshold, and increasing the VAT threshold further—maybe in the region of £120,000?
My hon.
Friend is right: we increased the VAT threshold for small businesses, which will benefit 28,000 businesses across the country.
We feel that the £90,000 threshold strikes the right balance between managing public finances sustainably and supporting businesses, but as my hon.
Friend knows, we keep these things under review.
The port of Milford Haven in my constituency has been right out in front, taking a lead in investing in decarbonisation  and showing how it can boost the economy of Wales and reduce inequality.
Yesterday, it was told that its bid to the Government’s floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—its port funding scheme—had been rejected out of hand.
Will my hon.
Friend ask his good friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer to meet me to talk about the important work being done at the UK’s leading oil and gas port, and about how the UK Government can support those efforts financially?
FLOWMIS is an incredibly important scheme in improving and enhancing our ability to expand floating offshore wind.
We are a huge supporter of my right hon.
Friend’s constituents and of the whole of Wales.
If the Chancellor cannot meet him, I would be very happy to do so.
Good morning, just, Mr Speaker.
What assessment he has made of the impact of raising the high-income child benefit charge threshold on household incomes.
The Government will raise the point at which child benefit is fully withdrawn to £80,000 from £60,000, and we will raise the high-income child benefit charge threshold to £60,000 from £50,000 from  6 April 2024 , taking 170,000 families out of paying the charge.
Overall, these changes mean that almost half a million hard-working families will gain an average of £1,260 towards the cost of raising their children.
Good afternoon, Mr Speaker.
[Laughter.]
These changes are welcome, and they mean that more Lincoln families will receive more support from the Government, as I told the Minister in Lincoln on Friday.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm when the formal consultation on basing child benefit on household income rather than on individual income will commence, if the civil servants in the Treasury will let him do it?