A recent survey from the Debt Justice campaign has shown that 13% of adults have missed three or more bill or credit payments in the past six months, and 6.7 million people are now in financial difficulty.
Does the Chancellor  accept that for millions of people, getting from one end of the month to the next under the Tories is a nightmarish struggle, and that people feel worse off because they are worse off?
May I gently correct the hon.
Lady?
As I said, living standards have risen by £1,700 per household since 2010, and the number of people in absolute poverty is down by 1.7 million.
She is right to talk about the debt pressures that people face, which is why in the Budget we abolished the £90 fee for debt relief orders, having talked to Citizens Advice.
The proposed changes to wine duty will add huge costs and complexity to business.
Further to my Westminster Hall debate, will my hon.
Friend meet me and representatives of wine businesses to hear their concerns, and make permanent the easement that is due to end on  1 February  next year?
My hon.
Friend is talking about the largest and most significant reform of our alcohol duty system in 140 years.
We are making it more simple by saying: the stronger the alcohol by volume, the more duty paid.
We introduced the wine easement to give the wine industry two years to prepare for the changes.
I continue to engage with the industry, and I will continue to engage with him.
Two years ago, P&O Ferries sacked 786 workers and replaced them with agency staff paid less than the minimum wage.
After that fiasco, the Government promised to review all contracts with the company.
Why is it that, since then, the Government have spent £900,000 directly with P&O Ferries?
Why are the Conservatives so comfortable spending taxpayers’ money on rewarding the appalling treatment of working people?
Let me say to the hon.
Lady, who I very much enjoyed working with on the Select Committee, that our record is 800 more people in work for every single day of Conservative government since 2010.
What will wreck that is Labour’s new deal for workers, which the president of the CBI says will destroy the job-creating machine that the UK has become.
I commend the Treasury for good fiscal policies that have resulted in inflation falling significantly since the pandemic.
When might we see a commensurate fall in interest rates?
I am very sorry to disappoint my hon.
Friend, but Chancellors never comment on decisions made by the Bank of England on interest rates.
What I can say is that the Office for Budget Responsibility predicted at the Budget that inflation would fall to around target in the next few months.
That gives the best possible prospect of interest rates starting to fall.
Last night on BBC’s “Newsnight”, it was clear that the needs of Wales, in particular on health, are not met in the UK.
When has the UK Government ever given England Barnett consequentials based on needs in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland?
Surely the model of spending under which the Government in England decides for England, and everyone else gets a consequential of   that, must end.
Nordic countries do not calculate spend as a percentage of their neighbours’ spend.
Why is the spending of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland dependent on what England decides to spend?
The Barnett consequentials formula is long established.
It gives a clear framework, through which we can understand spending in the devolved nations.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it means higher per-person funding in each of the devolved nations than in England.
I am delighted that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor is seeking to make the tax system more family friendly, including by collecting household data in the years ahead, but being family friendly includes looking after the family home.
Sweden abolished inheritance tax in 2004.
The result was a boom in entrepreneurship, economic growth and higher tax revenues.
Will he, or one of the excellent ministerial team, meet me to discuss that further?