The Minister says that the economy has turned a corner, but households will be £870 worse off on average under the Conservatives tax plan, and they will also be seeing their costs up by £110 a week compared with before the last election.
Is the Minister proud of his record?
We are immensely proud of our record since 2010: living standards have increased, and growth is now better than that of many other major economies.
Our absolute commitment to protecting the most vulnerable in society was shown recently when we provided an average of £3,400 in cost of living support for each household.
We have turned a corner, and the economy is improving.
I am just disappointed that the Opposition constantly talk down the UK economy and their constituents.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that, following the 4p cut in national insurance that the Chancellor has introduced, the tax take on workers will be the lowest it has been for 50 years?
In St Austell and Newquay, two people in a household on average incomes will be paying £1,800 less this coming year than they did last year.
Yes, absolutely, my hon.
Friend has pointed out an important point on how we have had a laser focus on reducing the personal tax rates.
Furthermore, the measures announced in the autumn statement and in the spring Budget will significantly add to economic activity, contributing about 200,000 full-time equivalent jobs to the economy, and I am sure that the whole House will welcome that.
Pensioners can often struggle because they have a fixed income, so I was pleased that the Chancellor stuck with the triple lock last year, guaranteeing an increase of 10.1%.
Will the Minister explain how the 8.5% rise that people will be getting in a couple of weeks’ time will make a difference to their living standards?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is the case that not only have the measures in the autumn statement and the spring Budget helped workers, but we have also focused on helping pensioners.
Those on the new state pension will benefit to the tune of about £900 a year, which is significant, and the national insurance cuts will benefit the average worker —27 million employees—by £900 a year.
Therefore, we have implemented a fair and balanced Budget and fair and balanced measures.
Families in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke have been supported by this national insurance cut, which means that the average family will be £1,800 a year better off.
The freezing of the fuel duty means that motorists will be able to get around without being unfairly charged at  the pump.
Money from this Government has enabled Stoke-on-Trent to cut bus fares by a third, so that people can travel around.
We have had £56 million from the levelling-up fund and £17.6 million for the Kidsgrove town deal, which means that the sports centre will be refurbished and reopened, improving people’s health chances.
The Labour party closed it because it could not be bothered to pay a single pound to save it back in 2017.
Is it not the reality that we have a clear plan that will help the families of our great constituencies, particularly in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke, while Labour will borrow more, tax us higher and lead us back into recession, just as it did in 2008-09?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
This is fantastic, and I think it is a recurring pattern, Mr Speaker.
We have positivity, optimism, and confidence in the future of the UK economy from Conservative Members, but absolute negativity from Opposition Members, because they have no plan, they have no clue and they have no hope.
We have a plan and it is working.