We can all agree that tackling cancer should be a top priority for the NHS.
From diagnosing people quickly to starting treatment quickly and using the latest technology and drugs, we all want to see improvements.
The recent trends in cancer survival rates are positive.
The one-year survival rate for cancer increased by 5.9% between 2010 and 2020, and the five-year survival rate increased by 4.3% in the same period.
Despite those improvements, we are not yet where we want to be, and we will be up front about that.
In government, we took action to catch cancer sooner and boost survival rates, with initiatives such as lung cancer screening and prostate cancer trials, and we welcome that Labour is continuing with that mission.
We will work constructively with the Government on that, as we all want to achieve the same positive outcomes.
However, the statement as a whole is rather disappointing.
The Minister has told us that this is a cancer plan, but it is not; it is a statement that there is to be one.
The Government saying that they want cancer survival rates to increase and that they are going to have a plan does not make it so—we need the plan itself.
The announcement of the AI trial in breast cancer is a welcome approach.
Artificial intelligence has the capacity to revolutionise the way we diagnose disease, and I am delighted that the Government wish to explore those opportunities.
We also very much welcome the relaunch of the children and young people’s cancer taskforce, and are pleased it will be able to continue its valuable  work under the co-chairmanship of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage)  and Professor Darren Hargrave.
It is just a shame that the Labour Government wasted seven months by suspending the Conservative taskforce, only to reinstate it now.
I note the Minister’s comments about waiting times to start treatment, and we agree that these must improve.
I am sure it will not have escaped his notice that NHS Wales, which has been under a Labour Administration for 25 years, has a poorer performance, and I am certain he would not want party politics to affect such an issue.
Can he tell the House what conversations he is having with his Welsh counterparts to improve cancer care there?
I am also concerned that last month, the Government appeared to quietly abandon the target of ensuring that patients receive treatment a maximum of 62 days from an urgent referral of suspected cancer, despite the Health Secretary having said before the election that a Labour Government would meet that target within the first term.
Will the Minister clarify his commitment to the 62-day target?
More scanners are, of course, welcome, but what are the Government doing to ensure that there are enough trained professionals to interpret the results of the scans effectively?
With charities such as Macmillan and Marie Curie being hit with devastating increases in national insurance contributions, what help will be provided so that they do not have to cut back the vital support and guidance services they provide to cancer patients?
Anyone who has faced cancer will know that time is of the essence.
The second half of the year—if it is not until December—could be quite a long time from now.
Will the Minister therefore be more clear about when he intends to publish the plan?
May I recommend using the evidence collected in our 2022 call for evidence, as well as the policies of the interim major conditions strategy, published in 2023, to speed up the plan?
The quicker the Government act, the more lives they will be able to save.
I start by genuinely thanking the shadow Minister for the co-operation she has pledged as we seek to improve the outcomes for people with cancer.
This is not a party political issue.
We all want people to be diagnosed more quickly and to be put on the effective treatment pathways as quickly as possible, and we all want people to have better outcomes.
I would just remind her, however, that while progress was made over the past decade, as I referred to in the statement, Lord Darzi clearly set out that the rate of progress was much slower than in comparator countries, and that we could and should have been on a much better trajectory.
That is why we are committed to a new national cancer plan—something for which the sector has been calling for some time.
We are going to consult on that plan.
I hope the shadow Minister is not suggesting that we should just pull a plan out of thin air without any consultation with the sector, patients or anybody with any interest in cancer.
Of course, things have changed over recent years.
New technology has advanced and scientific progress is advancing, although there are still some areas where, stubbornly, there is not enough research.
We need to build up the case for research and get the funding in;  I think especially of brain tumours, where, quite frankly, things have not progressed at all.
We need to ensure that in the 10-year cancer plan, we really drive forward in some of those areas, using the latest technology and scientific advances.
The shadow Minister asked about targets.
I just say to her that we have actually strengthened targets, rather than setting new ones for cancer.
Currently, the NHS is on track to deliver against its cancer targets for this year.
Yes, we should be ambitious where we can, and that is exactly what this Labour Government are going to do.
I am delighted to announce to the House that we will be opening a drug trial for glioblastoma brain tumours in May, in memory of my late sister, Margaret.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] But for how long will progress on this depend on people baking cakes, running marathons and organising dinners?
When will the NHS and the National Institute for Health and Care Research get their act together and do something for the 3,200 people who will be diagnosed with this dreadful illness this year?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
Those of us who knew Margaret miss her very much; she was such a towering figure in the Labour party for so many years, and we on the Labour Benches have a lot to thank her—and, indeed, my hon.
Friend—for.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right on research.
This is one area where, quite frankly, we have not done well enough.
We have not made any progress.
I know she will continue to champion more research.
With our new national cancer plan, I hope that she will be pushing on an open door, because this is one area we absolutely have to do much better in.