Does the Minister agree that new oil and gas developments will not give us energy security?
As the fossil fuels they produce will be sold internationally, they will not lower bills and they will undermine our climate commitments.
My hon.
Friend is, of course, right to say that, even if oil and gas are extracted from the continental shelf, they are sold on the international markets.
The companies that extract the oil and gas are in the business of trying to make as much profit as possible and will sell to the highest bidder, so it does not protect prices for consumers in this country.
We were clear in our manifesto that we will not issue licences for new exploration and new fields, but that we will continue to support those licences that have already been issued.
Our future does not lie in more oil and gas; it lies in clean power, which is why we are moving at pace to deliver that.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
The warm homes plan will upgrade up to 5 million homes with low-carbon solutions such as heat pumps, solar and insulation to deliver homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
We have already kick-started delivery, with up to 300,000 homes being upgraded this year alone.
We will set out our plans in the spring on how we will ramp this up.
In 2023, it emerged that a number of substandard retrofitting works were carried out as part of Government schemes.
In some cases, properties were left with structural damage.
When households sought redress, they found that many of the authorised contractors had folded, and they have been left to pick up the bill.
Will the Minister assure me and my constituents in Shipley that, under the warm homes plan, sufficient safeguards will be put in place to protect households from rogue companies?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We are aware of too many cases where home upgrades have not been done to the required standard.
We are very clear that the ad hoc, fragmented system of regulating home upgrades that we inherited from the last Government is in dire need of reform.
We will overhaul that system so that when people have home upgrades, they can be confident that they will be of the highest standard and that when things go wrong, they will have as much protection as possible and redress within the system.
The previous Government were content to sit back and allow developers to build homes that have locked people into years of expensive and dirty gas heating.
How will the Minister ensure that the 1.5 million new homes the Government will deliver will not keep people dependent on outdated and costly gas heating systems?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the new homes we build must be fit for the future and must be decent homes that comply with our carbon standards.
We are working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to bring forward the future homes standard, and we will set out our plans for that in due course.
I have been shocked by the number of mouldy and damp homes that I have visited in my constituency.
No one should be forced to live in such conditions.
We have some of the leakiest homes in Europe as a result of the last Government’s failure to deal with the problem.
Will the Minister tell me how our warm homes plan will improve housing conditions and bring down bills for my constituents in Bournemouth West?
Cold, damp homes that are hard to heat are the reality for too many households in this country.
That is the legacy of the party opposite and a legacy that we are absolutely determined to turn around.
We are committed to upgrading homes in the rental sectors with our minimum energy efficiency standard so that we can make cold, draughty homes a thing of the past.
We will ramp up our warm homes plan so that my hon.
Friend’s constituents and constituents across the country will benefit from homes that are warmer and bills that are lower.
Will the Minister acknowledge the amazing contributions of groups such as New Forest Friends of the Earth, which this very morning have been lobbying their MPs in Parliament Square on warm homes initiatives?
They will be coming to the Government with some possibly  costly proposals, but I hope that the Government, despite the economic legacy that they allegedly inherited, will give them a sympathetic hearing.