My hon.
Friend is 100% right.
The reason we are so exposed as a country to global fossil fuel markets and the rollercoaster that is damaging business and hurting consumers is the Conservative party’s failure to invest in home-grown clean power and to upgrade people's homes to insulate them from high prices.
That is a record of which the Conservatives should be ashamed, and it is a record that we are determined to change.
Many households in my constituency are struggling with high energy bills because the last Government left us exposed to the unpredictable fossil fuel market.
Does the Minister agree that the only way in which to protect residents in my constituency and across the country permanently is to unlock clean power that we control here in the UK?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
Every solar panel and every wind turbine that we put up takes us closer to delivering the energy security that we need to achieve financial security for families.
That, combined with our drive to upgrade people’s homes, is what will protect households in the long term.
It is the central mission of this team, this Department and this Government, and it is why we are running at clean power by 2030.
In anticipation of the energy market reform that the last Government neglected to carry out, I look forward to hearing confirmation from my colleagues on the Front Bench that we may be able to find a way of insulating people in the long term—for the transition to decarbonising heat, for example.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that, in future, we may be able to have a social tariff that protects the most vulnerable from the excesses of energy prices?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we urgently need to tackle the challenge of affordability.
Energy is not a luxury good; it is foundational, and for too many people, this essential good is not affordable.
A social tariff is one mechanism of responding to this, and there are different ways in which that can be implemented.
We are looking at all the options, to ensure that families can get this essential good at more affordable prices.
People living in rural locations disproportionately live in housing stock that is older and colder and does not have gas.
In the Minister’s discussions with energy suppliers, will she please not forget to talk to the suppliers of liquefied petroleum gas and oil, since many of our constituents—particularly with the withdrawal of the winter fuel payment—are suffering a great deal?
We are very alive to the issues in rural communities, and we are working to ensure that there are solutions for all types of homes.
We had record applications to our boiler upgrade scheme for heat pumps, a large number of which were from rural households.
We are very clear as we roll out our plan that there will be a solution for every single household, so that everyone can benefit from homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
This winter, many of my constituents are concerned about energy outages.
Last Thursday, the Cooper school and Glory Farm school had to close for the entire day when they lost all electricity supply.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure the grid has the capacity to avoid these outages, which are so damaging to homes, businesses and critical public services?
Yes, we will meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We are working to ensure that outages are not the norm.
This is obviously linked to weather issues that we are having to respond to, but the team has been working to ensure that households are not put in a difficult situation, and when they are, that we are responding as quickly as possible.
What would help bill payers is the £300 cut to energy bills that the Labour party promised in its manifesto.
Instead, bills went up £149 in October, they went up £21 in January, and they are going up again by £99 in April.
Can the Minister explain where the source of this departmental ineptitude lies, and would she like to apologise to the people of these islands for writing cheques that her party cannot cash?
The hon.
Member explains exactly why we need to wean ourselves off fossil fuel markets.
That is why it is critical that we deliver clean power by 2030—that is the central mission of this team, and we are running at it.
The Scottish Government do have the levers to protect households in fuel poverty.
Before the hon.
Member criticises us, they should get their house in order and get on with the job.
Prior to the election, the Secretary of State promised to cut my constituents’ energy bills by £300.
Would the Minister repeat that promise at the Dispatch Box?
We have a manifesto commitment to reduce energy bills by £300.
We are doing everything we can.
We have a legacy of record high energy bills.
We are running at clean power because we think that is the route to delivering lower energy costs.
We are upgrading people’s homes because we know that is the route to delivering homes that are warmer and cleaner to run.
We are doing everything we can.
The Conservative party oversaw a crisis for households, so before its Members start lecturing us on what we should do, they should be hanging their heads in shame.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on opportunities for industry under the national wealth fund.
The national wealth fund is an essential part of our clean energy and growth missions.
Recent investments include £20 million of investment into XLCC, a subsea cable manufacturer, to develop a new facility in Scotland, creating 900 jobs; £28 million of investment into Cornish Metals to finance lithium production, supporting more than 300 local jobs; and £1 billion, working with Barclays and Lloyds, to upgrade social housing, giving people warmer homes and lower bills.