Two weeks ago I lost my brother, Alex English, to high-grade acinic cell carcinoma.
While I pay tribute to all those who gave him care, can the Minister confirm that we will look at rare cancers and make sure that we research some of them and find treatments?
First, may I send my condolences to my hon.
Friend and his family on the loss of his brother Alex?
Of course rarer cancers are important, and they are a crucial part of what will be in the national cancer plan.
It is in these areas that we must focus our efforts on diagnosis, treatment and, more importantly, getting the research done, so that we can find ways of tackling some of the very rare but deadly cancers that affect many families, including my hon.
Friend’s.
In 2013, the number of breast cancer cases in women under 50 topped 10,000 for the first time, but routine breast cancer screenings are given only to women aged 40 and over.
Will the Department review that and ensure that, when appropriate, initial appointments can be given to younger women?
While I am at it, although the Minister might not have time to attend, may I invite everyone else to swing by my drop-in event this afternoon to discuss local health inequalities in breast cancer?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the work that she does in this regard.
The decisions on whom to screen are made by the UK national screening committee and their advice comes to Ministers, but I am aware of the case that she has made.
Screening women earlier for breast cancer should perhaps be looked at, and I will ensure that my officials look into whether we can make some progress on that for her.
rose— Order.
I know that some of these contributions are quite emotional, and if people need to leave the Chamber after they have spoken, that is okay by me.
Ethan was just 15 and studying for his GCSEs when he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Sadly, he passed away two years later.
I had the privilege of meeting his mum, Nikki, this weekend at two events organised to raise money for brain tumour research.
In Ethan’s memory, will the Minister commit himself to improving outcomes for people with brain tumours through the national cancer plan?
Through my hon.
Friend, I would like to pass my condolences on to Nikki for the loss of Ethan.
As I have said, we have not made anything like the progress we would want to make on treatment and survival rates for brain tumours.
That will form an integral part of our national cancer plan, and we will utilise all the latest advances in technology and science to try to get the better outcomes that we so desperately want.
I genuinely welcome the Minister’s commitment to the upgrading of radiotherapy machines, but I share the concerns of the chairman of the all-party parliamentary group on radiotherapy,  the hon.
Member for Westmorland and Lonsdale (Tim Farron) , about the scale of the ambition.
In defeating this horrible disease, technology and innovation is our friend.
What is the Minister’s ambition for minimally invasive cancer therapies in the national cancer plan?
These technologies are coming along every day, but awareness of them and the ability to get them rolled out on the frontline is slapdash at best.
Will he commit to looking at those emerging therapies and getting them rolled out as soon as possible?