The right hon.
Member is right to raise this issue.
We have to deliver on the teleswitching transition.
We are behind where we need to be, but we are working with industry and Ofgem to make sure that households are not left in the dark, and that everyone can upgrade to smart meters, which will be much better for them.
I am keen to work with him and Members from all parts of the House to make sure that we get this right for his community and other communities that are affected.
The Government procurement budget is around £300 billion.
Can the Minister please tell us what percentage of his allocation  will go to British businesses?
Will he confirm that where we have to import, no modern slavery will be imported into this country?
On the second question, I completely agree with my hon.
Friend, who is an eloquent champion for tackling modern slavery.
I know Members from all parts of the House share her view.
We need to do better as a Government, in terms of the guidelines inherited from the last Government, and the solar taskforce is looking at those issues.
Her first question relates to something that we are discussing with our colleagues in government.
The economic and social value we can get as a country from the procurement budget is huge and untapped, and we need to do something about it.
The £80 million swimming pool support fund to help make pools more energy-efficient is facing a significant underspend before it expires in a few months’ time.
Will the Minister urgently meet Eastbourne borough council, Better, and me to discuss unlocking this national underspend to help fund solar panels and pool covers at Eastbourne Sovereign centre, where I learned to swim?
I am massively in favour of solar panels on swimming pools and lidos—I am an occasional lido user myself—so I am fully on board with the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
I will pass it on to colleagues in government.
Southampton Itchen has many Victorian and inter-war homes that are poorly insulated and therefore expensiveto heat, especially   as the Conservative party dragged its feet and did not invest in clean or affordable energy.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the insulation and energy efficiency of my constituents’ homes?
This is hard, partly because of the fiscal backdrop, but we are working on a comprehensive plan so that we can help not just the poorest—we want to help those in fuel poverty—but people across the income spectrum through a more universal offer.
If we can get funding for up-front investments, there will be massive paybacks; that is the chance.
We all know that.
It is a hard nut to crack, but we are doing our best to do so.
Final question: Richard Tice.
Energy suppliers are now forecasting that the energy price cap will go up in April by another 5%, making for some 16% since last summer.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House when bills will come down—or will net stupid zero mean that they will only ever go up?
It is a particular pleasure to end with the hon.
Gentleman.
Here it is: a decision for all Members of the House to make.
We are on the rollercoaster of the fossil fuel markets; we have no control over them.
The mission of this Government is to take back control with clean, home-grown power.
I urge him and Members across the House to support taking back control.