What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of recent trends in levels of standing charges for electricity bills.
We know that people are frustrated with standing charges, and we are committed as a Government to reducing them.
As an initial step, the regulator Ofgem is consulting on giving people the option of no standing charge tariffs within the price cap, and we will continue to work with the regulator to ensure that we lower standing charges in the fairest way possible.
Lesley from Tring is one of my constituents who just missed out on the winter fuel allowance.
She said she will be “spending most of the winter in bed” because she is struggling with energy costs.
While so many are struggling with the cost of energy, standing charges disproportionately affect those on lower incomes such as Lesley.
Will the Government meet Ofgem to discuss those disparities and prepare detailed action to review standing charges for a fairer system?
I am sorry to hear about the case of Lesley, and I know there are people across the country who have this frustration with standing charges.
I reassure the House that we have a commitment to reducing them.
We are working with Ofgem on a set of options.
Our challenge is to ensure that standing charges do not penalise some households and that they are as  fair as possible.
That is what we are committed to doing, and that is what we are working every day to deliver.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of energy-based development proposals in Mid Buckinghamshire constituency.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman not just on this question, but on securing an Adjournment debate last night on exactly the same subject.
As I stated last night, clean power projects in his constituency and across the country are vital to achieving our clean power mission, which will give us energy security and bring down bills for families.
Of course, all proposals are assessed on their individual merit through the planning system, and where communities host infrastructure, the Government believe they should directly benefit from it.
In answering my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey)  earlier, the Secretary of State completely dismissed the legitimate concerns of rural communities and farmers who are being asked to take on energy projects.
Yet last night in the Adjournment debate, the Under-Secretary found a more reasonable tone, accepting the point on cumulative impact in constituencies such as mine that are being asked to take up to 3,000 acres of projects.
Will the Under-Secretary go into more detail about how the Government will put in mitigations on cumulative impact to protect communities such as mine?
I would be testing the patience of the Deputy Speaker if I were to go into more detail than I could in an Adjournment debate.
The point I made clearly to the hon.
Gentleman was that it is not a credible position for him to take that there should be absolutely no infrastructure built anywhere in his constituency.
The reality is we need to build new infrastructure, not just energy infrastructure but right across the public sector.
I have said clearly that the work we are taking forward on the strategic spatial energy plan and on the land use framework by colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is about trying to ensure that we manage the best use of land, but we will have to build new infrastructure, and communities will have to host it.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of establishing a Great British Energy office in every region.
We announced that Great British Energy’s headquarters will be in Aberdeen, recognising the decades of experience in that city as the energy capital of Europe and our determination to invest in good, well-paid jobs in the city.
With £8.3 billion-worth of investment behind Great British Energy, it will deliver economic value and jobs right across the supply chain across all parts of the country,   including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Great British Energy is the right idea for our time: public ownership, investment in supply chains and the reindustrialisation of our nation.
I commend the Minister on the progress he has made on setting up Great British Energy.
Can he outline to the House what opportunities our publicly owned champion will bring to Southend East and Rochford and the wider south-east region?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Of course, the Great British Energy legislation is still going through Parliament at the moment; we hope that process will conclude soon, but in the meantime, hard work has been taking place to identify all the opportunities for Great British Energy to invest.
Both Opposition parties—the SNP and the Conservatives—seem to oppose Great British Energy.
Every single investment that it makes, every job that it creates, and every part of the supply chain that it incentivises will be delivered by Great British Energy against the SNP and the Conservatives, who have opposed it at every single stage.
I ask them to rethink their position on what is a publicly owned champion to deliver for communities, create good, well-paid jobs, and deliver the clean power future that we need as a country.
We heard from the chief executive officer of Great British Energy the other day.
He said that it was not in his brief to cut bills by £300.
What is Great British Energy for, then?
It turned out that the jobs were not going to materialise either, so how will the Government make sure that we do not have some bureaucrat job-creation scheme in every region of the country, as the Minister’s Back Benchers are calling for, but actually have a company that invests in things that otherwise would not be invested in?
Technologies such as wind and solar are already investable, so will Great British Energy focus on those things that need to be brought closer to market?
The right hon.
Gentleman strongly makes the case for the importance of a publicly owned energy champion investing in parts of the energy system that are not currently getting that investment; I appreciate his recognition of that.
What the interim chair of Great British Energy said very clearly—of course, it has not appointed a CEO yet—and what we have said consistently is that Great British Energy’s headquarters in Aberdeen will of course create jobs, but the majority of the jobs that will be created by that investment will come from the investment that Great British Energy makes in supply chains, in projects, and in developing the clean power that we need.
Great British Energy will champion the industries that the right hon.
Gentleman speaks about and deliver jobs in this country to reindustrialise communities, and Conservative Members will have to explain why they are against those jobs when they are created, including if they are created in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.