While we eagerly await progress on bringing community energy into the Great British Energy Bill when it comes back to this House, will Ministers reassure community groups around the country that they will enlarge and expand the community energy fund of £10 million, which is so successful that it is currently oversubscribed?
I know that the hon.
Lady has had long discussions with the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , on these issues.
We are absolutely determined that, as part of Great British Energy, community energy will be massively expanded.
That was our manifesto commitment, and that is what we will deliver.
Hon.
Members around the Chamber have asked how their community can benefit, and community energy will be an essential part.
In my constituency of Newport West and Islwyn, we have ever-expanding semiconductor facilities and data centres.
The primary mission of this Government is growth, but that growth could be stifled if there is not sufficient grid capacity alongside these exciting innovations.
What is the Minister doing to make sure that south Wales has sufficient grid capacity to support these advances and facilitate much-needed growth?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
Although we are clearly on the sprint to deliver clean power by 2030, demand for electricity in this country is likely to double by 2050.
Our reforms around connection to the grid are important —they will make sure that there is space for demand projects, such as data centres, to connect—but so is building the grid for the future, so that we have capacity in our network to deliver on our growth aspirations.
Can the Minister assure the House that as the Government push to decarbonise the electricity grid, the vast majority of new electricity generation and transmission infrastructure will be built in the UK, not imported from foreign countries, including China?
We are absolutely determined to build the manufacturing base in this country.
I mentioned the investment in XLCC.
That is a crucial part of building the supply chains.
The supply chains have been eroded over a decade or two; we are determined to build them up.
Looking around the car park in Parliament, I noticed that we had only two charging ports, both occupied.
By supporting the installation of more charging ports in Parliament and other workplaces across the country, we can encourage more people to make the environmentally friendly switch to electric vehicles.
What measures are the Government taking to promote the installation of charging ports in workplaces?
I cannot speak on behalf of the House of Commons authorities, but under the building regulations of 2021, all new non-residential buildings and those undergoing major renovations must install charging infrastructure.
In government, along with colleagues in the Department for Transport, I hosted roundtables yesterday, and I will host another today, on how we can unlock much more investment in charging infrastructure, because that is critical in supporting the transition to electric vehicles.
I took part in last week’s very successful Nuclear Week in Parliament, and was pleased to see so many officials from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero engaging in it, but the dark cloud on the horizon for me and my constituents is that the Scottish National party Government in Scotland still use the planning system to block new nuclear development, and the jobs and economic opportunities that it brings.
What can the UK Government do to promote new nuclear development in Scotland?
I have huge respect for the right hon.
Gentleman and completely concur with him on this issue.
Nuclear is an essential part of our clean energy future.
The demand for electricity in the years ahead—there will be a 50% increase by 2035, and demand will probably be double, if not more, by 2050—means that we need all the technologies at our disposal: renewables, nuclear and others.
The SNP is 100% in the wrong place on this, but I am glad to say that Scottish Labour is in the right place.
When I visited Birkby junior school, I saw that tackling climate change and pollution is one of its key priorities.
Does the Minister agree that setting a strong nationally determined contribution at COP29 and committing to an ambitious clean power target is important in demonstrating that the Government are intent on tackling climate change, especially at a time when other global leaders are not?
Last week, the UK formally submitted its NDC to the United Nations framework convention on climate change.
It is a world-leading, ambitious target that we hope will demonstrate ambition to other countries.
In that NDC, we have a youth clause for the first time, and I am very keen to talk to Members across the House about how we can better engage with schools, communities and young people to bring them on board with us as we seek to achieve our ambitions.
Will the Minister agree to meet the wonderful Cumbria Action for Sustainability and me to address some of the imperfections in the Government home insulation programme?
It does not properly support older rural-community properties that are single-skinned, not so easy to insulate, and therefore not so easy to keep heated cheaply.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We know that we have a job to do to ensure that all insulation is up to standard
and that we have the right measures for every type of household.
I am keen to engage with him and Members across the House.
The UK has a fantastic £26 billion clean tech sector, leading the way in innovation and carbon reduction for everything from clean power to sustainable agriculture.
However, all too often, red tape and bureaucracy are locking in dependency on fossil fuels and foreign oil and gas.
How can we work across Government to cut back on this unnecessary red tape, and ensure that our schemes support the leading tech and innovation that our best-of-British producers are bringing forward?
There is huge potential, and with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, I will chair an artificial intelligence energy council, looking at not only how we can meet the future demands of AI, but how AI and technology can help us deliver the infrastructure and energy system of the future.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Hitchin (Alistair Strathern)  makes an important point, which we will take away.
In the village of Shapwick in my constituency of Mid Dorset and North Poole, 20% of properties have been lying empty because their owners, Aster housing association and the National Trust, cannot afford to bring them up to standard.
National Trust homes are typically solid-wall, thatched, not on mains gas, and listed.
What plans are there to support the owners in achieving energy efficiency, so that we can get those properties occupied?
Let us be frank: the big prize that has eluded past Governments for a long time is a proper plan to upgrade all types of buildings, not just residential properties.
The Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the hon.
Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , and I are working on that closely with colleagues from across Government.
It is part of a bigger version of the warm homes plan, which is also about buildings.
We will definitely take away the experience that the hon.
Lady raises.
What engagement has the Minister had with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities council leaders on local power plans?
Does he agree that a partnership approach by Government, councils and community organisations, such as the West Lothian Climate Action Network, is key to the success of local power plans?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The local power plan is a key part of what Great British Energy will deliver.
It will give communities the power to develop local power projects wherever possible, and to achieve the social and economic benefits of doing so.
We are engaging with a number of stakeholders across the UK.
Because of the devolution settlement, our main contact will be with the Scottish Government, who have their relationship with COSLA, but we are determined that local government across the UK will help drive this forward, and will have the capacity to support communities in doing so.