I commend the Minister for the announcement of support for those in most need this winter.
Given Scotland’s colder climate, does the Minister share my view that, as she has just expressed, the Scottish Government’s decision to cut £200 million from the retrofitting budget is failing people in Coatbridge and Bellshill and across Scotland, and that with record funding from this UK Government in the Budget, they should reverse that cut?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
There is no justification for raiding retrofitting budgets, because we know that is the route by which we upgrade people’s homes to deliver homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
We are doing our bit to drive down energy bills and deliver clean power, which is the route to energy security and financial security.
The Scottish Government need to crack on and do their bit.
What steps he is taking to support workers’ rights in the renewable energy sector.
The Government came into office six months ago and are determined to ensure that clean energy jobs are high quality, well paid and secure, with strong trade unions.
I want to take this opportunity to commend EDF Renewables for its recent recognition agreements with three trade unions.
Through the Office for Clean Energy Jobs, we are working with industry and trades unions to support fair pay and workers’ rights, and ensuring that workers across the country can benefit from the economic opportunities of the net zero transition.
Data centres at Blackpool’s proposed high-performance data centre campus Silicon Sands will be powered by renewable energy and cooled by liquid immersion techniques, with the excess heat repurposed into neighbourhood buildings and homes.
Silicon Sands could lead the way in an environmentally friendly approach to data centres, while creating thousands of well-paid jobs for my home town.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Department can support my vision to build a better Blackpool?
I would of course be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about this great project, Silicon Sands, which will bring jobs and be really innovative for his area.
The wider point is really important—for too long, our coastal and industrial communities have not had the job opportunities they deserve.
We are determined to change that.
Can the Minister assure the House that her ambitions for renewable energy can be achieved without Chinese slave labour?
Yes—of course, we ensure that the highest standards are kept in all these things.
The Government’s position is to make sure that we are very careful about them.
The right hon.
Gentleman may be referring to solar, which is a particular issue that people have raised.
We have a solar taskforce, which has been set up exactly to look at those points.
rose— Order.
I know that Members will find it unusual that Mr Speaker has left the Chair during questions.
It is because he is going to attend the memorial service for Lord Hoyle, so I am sure that the whole House wants to send our best wishes to him.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers during winter 2024-25.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers during winter 2024-25.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers during winter 2024-25.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers during winter 2024-25.
We know that this winter has been difficult for many people who are struggling with high energy bills.
We agreed the winter support package with industry and Energy UK to get support to the people who need it, and £500 million is being provided through industry.
When combined with the support that we are providing through the warm home discount, that amounts to £1 billion for the families who we know need help this winter.
As well as residents, businesses in the ceramics sector struggle with high energy bills and face many other pressures.
Sadly, only yesterday more than 80 workers in my constituency lost their jobs when Royal Stafford, a historic ceramics manufacturer for nearly 200 years, went into liquidation—a devastating blow for the workers and their families.
Will the Secretary of State meet GMB officials, Ceramics UK and me as a matter of urgency to explain how the Government will support the ceramics sector, protect jobs, and tackle the serious difficulties that energy-intensive industries face in decarbonising?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that we need to reduce energy bills for businesses, including those in energy-intensive industries.
I was sorry to hear about the job losses in his constituency, and one of the ministerial team will be happy to meet him.
I must add, however, that this is exactly why we are running our clean power mission.
We see that the route through which we can drive down bills is breaking our dependence on global fossil fuel markets over which we have no control, in order to take ourselves off the rollercoaster of price rises and price hikes that is so damaging to businesses.
While we do that, we are working with Ofgem and industry to ensure that businesses are  not being locked into expensive contracts, and to ensure that they have much stronger redress when things go wrong.