The Secretary of State recently approved a 524-hectare solar farm in Lincolnshire—a farm linked to Dale Vince, a £5.4 million donor to the Labour party.
The public have a right to be certain that this decision was carried out properly, so will the Secretary of State refer his conduct of this application to the independent adviser on ministerial standards?
Yes or no?
I am glad the hon.
Lady asks, because I took no part in this decision—I recused myself.
[Interruption.]
Here we go.
They have nothing to say about the country, just desperate scraping of the barrel.
Let the whole House hear that they oppose a solar plan that will put up solar panels throughout the country and give clean power to the British people.
The state of the Conservative party is something to behold.
What steps he is taking to support off-grid communities with energy prices.
What steps he is taking to support off-grid communities with energy prices.
Our commitment to make Britain a clean energy superpower is the only way to protect bill payers permanently.
The Government are determined to support all households with their energy costs, including those that are off grid, and eligible low-income households are being supported with the warm home discount.
I urge households off the gas grid to contact their electricity supplier, if they have one, to see what support they can receive.
Many of my constituents, as well as being off grid, have homes built of non-standard materials—clunch or wattle and daub—and those homes are also often listed.
What support will the Minister provide to my constituents who are looking to retrofit their homes to move away from oil and improve insulation?
The hon.
Lady is right that, particularly in rural areas, certain house types are often much more difficult to heat due to much older building materials and a lack of insulation.
The Minister for Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , is working to make sure our warm homes plan can reach all communities and all types of households,  and I encourage  the hon.
Member for Ely and East Cambridgeshire (Charlotte Cane)  to feed in any ideas for how we can do that for these rural and off-grid households.
Every winter, Altnaharra in my constituency is the coldest place in the UK.
I can think of lots of pensioners who are faced with the invidious decision of whether to switch off and shiver or to run into debt.
It occurs to me that the Department for Work and Pensions may well have a database of these people, so will His Majesty’s Government get the DWP to work with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to identify them and give a helping hand?