The Minister came to the House previously and gave us some encouragement about the warm homes scheme and how it has been discussed with the regions, the Northern Ireland Assembly in particular.
Since that statement, has she had the opportunity to speak to the relevant Minister in the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment in Northern Ireland to ensure that we can all gain from the warm homes scheme, which the Minister is proposing in a positive fashion?
We are speaking to all the devolved Administrations.
We are constantly engaging with them, including in our inter-ministerial group.
On this specific issue of home upgrades and how we drive up standards, we are working with the Scottish, the Welsh and the Northern Ireland Administrations.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of Government-funded home insulation schemes.
Home insulation delivers warm homes and lower bills.
I have visited Government-backed schemes across the country and seen their impact on households and consumers, but we  also know that there are too many examples of homes not being upgraded to the required standard.
We are not happy or comfortable with that.
We are committed to overhauling system so that when people have home upgrades, they can be confident that they will be of the highest standard and that, if things go wrong, they will have redress so that we can take them on this journey with us.
Further to the questions raised by  the hon.
Member for Shipley (Anna Dixon)  and several other hon.
Members, I, too, have picked up numerous cases in my constituency of Government-sponsored defective home insulation work and of extortionate, poor-quality and defective work of unscrupulous cowboy contractors who masquerade as operating under Government schemes.
This includes Mrs King in Helston in my constituency who has paid out £19,000 to have insulation installed and then removed.
I am pleased with the Minister’s response, but surely the Government need to do more to give householders confidence that these projects are both cost-effective and provide proper redress.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: it is just not good enough for any householder to get a home upgrade that is not up to standard.
I am sorry to hear about the example of Mrs King.
We are working with Members across the House on supporting a number of individual cases.
If it is a Government-backed scheme that is at fault, mechanisms are in place for the work to be remediated at low cost.
But, at the end of the day, we have acknowledged that the system requires root and branch reform so that when consumers opt for upgrades they can have the confidence of knowing that they will deliver what we are saying: warm homes that are cheaper to run.