I am also pleased to be led by a survivor of kidney cancer, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
His experience as a patient will be invaluable to us in the months ahead.
I pay tribute to the amazing cancer charities who do fantastic work to help people live with cancer, support bereaved families and drive vital research in this area—Macmillan, Cancer Research UK, Cancer52 and Marie Curie to name just a few.
Lord Darzi’s investigation set out the scale of the challenges that we face in fixing the NHS, and how desperately we need to improve cancer diagnosis rates, waits and outcomes.
He found that “the UK has substantially higher rates than our European neighbours, Nordic countries, and countries that predominantly speak English”.
There were close to 100,000 more cases of cancer in 2019 than in 2001.
While survival rates at one year, five years and 10 years have all improved, the rate of improvement slowed substantially during the 2010s.
Lord Darzi also noted important inequalities in the provision of cancer care; people in the most underserved areas are more likely to present as an emergency.
As Cancer Research UK pointed out in its submission to the investigation, the 62-day target for referral to treatment has not been met for almost 10 years.
Last May, performance was at just under 66%, with more than 30% of patients waiting longer than 31 days to start radical radiotherapy.
For all those reasons and more, we do not have a second to waste.
That is why the Prime Minister kicked off this year with our elective reform plan, setting out how we will cut the longest waiting times from 18 months to 18 weeks.
From March next year, around 100,000 more people every year will be told if they have cancer or not within 28 days, and around 17,000 more people will begin treatment within two months of diagnosis.
That is why this year, we will spend £70 million on replacing older radiotherapy machines with newer, more efficient models.
That is why in the King’s Speech we put forward an improved Tobacco and Vapes Bill, helping to reduce around 80,000 preventable deaths and putting us on track to a smoke-free UK.
While around 40% of cancers are caused by avoidable factors such as smoking, the backdrop is one of an ageing society.
Cancer Research UK has forecast half a million cancer cases each year by 2040.
We are preparing for the future now, with our 10-year health plan for the NHS.
The plan will set out the framework of reforms that we need to ensure better outcomes and to meet the growing challenges that we face in the fight against this dreadful disease.
The plan will play to Britain’s strengths  as a global leader in the development of advanced therapies, using our strong academic and life sciences industry.
We should remember that the NHS was the first health service in Europe to commission CAR-T cellular therapy for blood cancer patients.
On this World Cancer Day, I can announce that we will build on that legacy by investing in a cutting-edge, world-leading trial to transform breast cancer care through artificial intelligence.
Nearly 700,000 women will take part in this trial, testing how cutting-edge AI tools can be used to catch breast cancer cases earlier.
Thirty testing sites across the country will be enhanced with the latest digital AI technologies, ready to invite women already booked in for routine screenings on the NHS to take part.
The technology will assist radiologists by screening patients to identify changes in breast tissue that show possible signs of cancer, with referral for further investigations if required.
If the trial is successful, it has immense potential to free up hundreds of radiologists and other specialists across the country to see more patients, tackle rising cancer rates and save more lives.
It is just one example of how British scientists are at the forefront of transforming cancer care, and of the promising potential of cutting-edge innovations to tackle one of the UK’s biggest killers.
This Government know that unless we do things differently, our NHS will remain in the dire state in which we inherited it.
That means proper reform, from doing away with burdensome process that holds back frontline staff to handing more power to local leaders so that they can deliver for the communities they know best.
It also means embracing new technologies, including AI, to transform the way we deliver care and to improve patient outcomes.
Today’s trial is yet more evidence of this Government taking action to bring in the reform that is desperately needed.
As the Prime Minister set out last month, our plan for change will put the UK on the front foot, unleashing AI to drive up health services and shift the NHS from analogue to digital, as part of our 10-year plan.
Our 10-year plan will ensure that the NHS is there for our grandchildren and future generations, but we believe that the increasing number of cancer cases and the complexity of cancer care mean that we need a specific approach to cancer.
We are determined both to bring down the number of lives cut short by cancer and to ensure that many more people go on to lead a full life after their treatment.
That is why I am today announcing a call for evidence for our new national cancer plan that we will publish following the 10-year plan in the second half of this year.
We will look at the full range of factors and tools that will allow us to transform outcomes for cancer patients while improving their experiences of treatment and care.
We will make the United Kingdom a world leader in cancer survival by fighting the disease on all fronts—through better research, diagnosis, screening, treatment and prevention.
However, we cannot do this alone, and that is why we are launching this call for evidence from patients, doctors, nurses, scientists, our key partners and other members of the public on what should be included.
To support that work, we will relaunch the children and young people’s cancer taskforce, co-chaired by  the hon.
Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage)  and Professor Darren Hargrave, with Dr Sharna  Shanmugavadivel as vice-chair.
I’ve put my teeth in—apologies if I pronounced that wrong.
The taskforce will bring together the country’s top experts to set out plans to improve treatment, detection and research for cancer in children, which will feed into the plan.
At every stage, we will ensure that patient voices are heard.
I look forward to updating the House on the progress of the plan, the taskforce and the trial throughout the year.
Many of us on the Government Benches remember with pride the previous Labour Government’s record in the fight against cancer.
We introduced landmark legislation to ban smoking in public places, protecting a generation of children from the harms of second-hand smoke, while putting record sums into smoking cessation programmes.
At the dawn of the millennium, we launched a national cancer plan, which led to faster cancer diagnosis and treatment times, increased funding for cancer services, equipped the national health service with radiotherapy machines—many of which are still there—and expanded cancer research funding, so that a new generation of scientists could answer the call.
What did that plan lead to?
Survival rates went up.
The number of patients diagnosed and treated on time went up.
The number of lives lived well after cancer went up.
That was our record in government, and we will do it again.
I commend this statement to the House.