Nearly every family has a cancer story, whether it is a personal fight or that of a loved one.
A 10-year plan from the Government is a welcome step, as the previous Government broke their promise to implement a 10-year cancer strategy that would have made a real difference to patients.
We on the Liberal Democrat Benches are very proud that our cancer campaigner, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones) , secured from the Government a commitment to introduce such a plan.
Testing for cancer, diagnosing and starting treatment quickly reduces stress and anxiety.
Also, if the cancer is caught early, it is more likely to be treated successfully.
Yet the target of 85% of people receiving their diagnosis and starting treatment within 62 days of an urgent referral has not been met since December 2015.
In my constituency, one third of cases fall short of that target and 1,000 families lose a loved one every year to this cruel disease.
Lord Darzi’s review laid out very clearly that the UK has appreciably higher cancer mortality rates than other countries and that more than 30% of patients are waiting longer than 31 days for radical radiotherapy.
A quarter of England’s 280 radiotherapy machines are now operating  beyond their recommended 10-year lifespan, and in some areas, such as West Sussex, there is no access to radiotherapy at all.
That is why we welcomed the £70 million investment announced in October to start to replace the older radiotherapy machines.
Will the Minister confirm whether there will be further rounds of funding to keep pace with available radiotherapy technology?
Will he look to support those at the mercy of a postcode lottery by ensuring that radiotherapy is available in all areas?
What is the expected timeline for reversing the damage done by the previous Government, and when can all patients expect to start their treatment within the 62-day urgent referral target?
One reason we think a national cancer plan is so important is precisely to get the investment in the areas we need so that we can tackle those health inequalities.
There are very real inequalities when it comes to the diagnosis of cancer and, more importantly, the treatment and therefore the outcomes.
I am really keen that we focus on that in the plan, to ensure that all parts of the country achieve the best outcomes for people who have been diagnosed with cancer.
Part of the plan is the roll-out of community diagnostic centres so that we can get diagnosis much earlier.
That then puts greater pressure on getting people through the front door for treatment, so that is why, as part of the recovery plan that the Prime Minister and the Health Secretary announced, we are seeking to get more people treated more quickly on those treatment pathways.
Hopefully, that will get the desired outcomes we want.
It is a commitment that we will seek to restore the national health service to its constitutional standards.
That is a priority of this Government.
On radiotherapy machines, the £70 million investment will fund about 25 or so machines.
The criteria for evaluating bids are the age of the machine, the proportion of machines aged over seven years, and the performance against the 31-day standard for radiotherapy, with poorer performers prioritised.
On future rounds of funding, the cancer plan will feed into spending reviews and future Budgets.
It is our priority to ensure that we reach the cancer targets, so hopefully we can make the case to the Treasury for future investment in further years.
As someone who lost his wife to cancer, I know the dire circumstances that a cancer diagnosis can bring.
It is right that cancer plans should focus on the best outcomes: improving the amount of time that people live for, or having a cure.
I would like to raise with the Minister the specific issue of pain relief management.
As part of the plan, will he ensure that there is an investigation into how pain relief management can be improved for cancer patients, and that it is given not just during the week but at weekends too?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point about how people receive pain relief and how that is managed.
There are some really good examples out there of how it is done really well and, shockingly, there are some that are less good.
We want to learn from the best.
As my right hon.
Friend the  Secretary of State says, it is about taking the best of the NHS to the rest of the NHS.
Absolutely, that should form part of the plan.
Like many people in this House, I have seen up close and personal the devastating impact that a cancer diagnosis can have on people and families.
I have also seen the difference between an early diagnosis and a later diagnosis, which is why I very much welcome the use of AI in early diagnosis.
One positive by-product of having a long-standing national health service is that we have in the UK a very large database of historical tissue samples.
Will the Minister consider using AI to do a retrospective analysis of those historical tissue samples to try to spot patterns that could inform future speedy diagnosis across a whole range of cancers?