Given that the British taxpayer is paying billions of pounds in subsidies to fell trees in Canada and ship the wood across the Atlantic to burn in the Drax power station, can the Secretary of State tell the House where the clean energy lies within that?
Has he read the KPMG report?
If he has, will he come to the House and make a statement on his assessment of it?
The last Government consulted on what, if any, future support there should be for biomass power stations.
We are studying that consultation and we will make a statement in due course.
Community energy projects can help us achieve clean energy by 2030.
Darley Abbey Community Energy is surging ahead with plans for 100 kW Archimedes screw on the River Derwent—the same river that powered the world’s first factory 200 years ago.
The project could generate enough hydroelectricity to power all the businesses at Darley Abbey Mills, but there are hurdles in place, including planning permission, insurance costs and the need for up-front capital.
What can the Government do to support local renewable community projects such as these to succeed?
My hon.
Friend makes a fantastically important point, which is that we often think about planning reform as being about the large-scale projects, but it is also about unblocking the smaller-scale projects.
Having a national energy policy statement that includes 2030, working with local authorities and making sure there are enough planners to make the decisions—all those things can all make a difference.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her advocacy for this work, and I congratulate the local community on this project.
Experts are clear that the savings from the Government’s clean power action plan will be wiped out by 2050 if airport expansion at Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton goes ahead, and that relying on so-called sustainable aviation fuels would use up to half the UK’s agricultural land.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the scientists that, while ambitious clean power plans are hugely welcome, if this Government also back airport expansion, they are not going to meet their climate obligations?
As the Chancellor said last week, any aviation expansion has to take place within carbon budgets and environmental limits.
I would also point out that this Government have achieved more in six months than the last Government did in 14 years.
We have lifted the onshore wind ban, consented nearly 3 GW of solar, set up GB Energy and the national wealth fund and held the most successful renewables auction in history.
This Government are delivering on clean power.