Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on your election and welcome you to the Chair, although it feels a bit weird to welcome anyone here, given that I have been here for about two minutes.
I follow on from the excellent contributions made by my hon.
Friends the Members for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), and for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) among others.
I praise in  particular my hon.
Friend for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh, both because he gave an excellent speech and because his mum is one of my constituents.
As I start this new job, I have been thinking a lot about my family; I was doing so while preparing my remarks today.
I was thinking in particular of my grandpa, who was a coalminer in the coalfields of Lanarkshire, just outside Glasgow.
When I was a wee boy, he would tell me of the conditions that he worked in: “Darkness,” he said, “so black that you could hold your hand right in front of your eyes and still not be able to see it.”
In that darkness, he would toil away, unable to imagine his own future, let alone that of his grandweans, as he would say.
All the while he toiled, he was inhaling fumes so toxic that later in life he would have lung cancer, and live the rest of his life with just one lung.
My dad, a welder, is here today—off during the Glasgow fair—along with my mum, who runs her own business, to watch me from the Gallery.
My career so far has been very different from that of my parents and grandparents.
For a start, they have a proper job, whereas I am now doing this for a living, but it has been different for two related reasons.
The first is the Labour party—both in the sense that it has helped to provide me with a new job, and in the protections that it has delivered for working people.
Health and safety legislation, delivered by Labour and built by the trade union movement, have ended the kind of conditions that my grandparents worked in.
The second reason my career has been different is technology.
I suspect that today in Britain there are more bitcoin miners than coalminers, and that is ultimately a good thing.
Coalmining was difficult, hard, laborious work.
As a kid I spent many long hours in front of my computer and, while much of that was spent playing FIFA against my wee brother Mark, some of it was more productive, because I taught myself to code.
I watched YouTube videos and over weeks, months and years I learned how to build software.
I developed iPhone apps that were used around the world, meaning that code written on my laptop in Glasgow could be pushed out to devices around the world in seconds and that this 19-year-old kid in his childhood bedroom could run an app servicing people from Los Angeles to Dubai.
If it can do that, technology can reform our public services too.
Technology might even help to reform this House, as we are debating today.
I hope and know that high-growth, innovative businesses in my home city of Glasgow will be a key part of that.
Much has been said and written about Glasgow over the years, but one thing sticks with me in particular.
Anthony Bourdain was not a man known for his parliamentary language, so let us just say that he described Glasgow as the most unpretentious place on earth—an “antidote” to the world, in his words, “so unapologetically working class and attitude-free”.
I think he was right because, of all the things I love about Glasgow, it is our people and our humour that I enjoy most.
If someone ever gets a wee bit too big for their boots, returning home to Glasgow will soon put an end to that—something I am sure will be increasingly useful the longer I spend in this place.
Unlike many Glaswegians, my admiration even extends to some of Glasgow’s politicians.
It is customary in speeches such as this to praise our predecessors, but I know that for some that will be done through slightly  gritted teeth at the end of a long and bitter-fought election campaign.
In my case, I talk about my predecessor with genuine warmth and admiration.
Stewart McDonald served the people of Glasgow South diligently and built an enviable reputation in this place.
He was particularly respected for his long-standing support for the people of Ukraine, something that saw him awarded the Ukrainian order of merit.
If I leave this place having done half as much as he did for people around the world fighting for democracy, I will leave a happy man.
Before Stewart, there were Labour predecessors.
There was Tom Harris, who has been personally kind to me; John Maxton, now Lord Maxton, whose son taught me modern studies in high school, believe it or not—although I will leave it up to others to decide whether he did a good or bad job of that—and of course Teddy Taylor, who is still remembered fondly by many of my constituents.
I would also like to mention two other Members of this House who had a big impact on my life, both from Glasgow.
The former Member for East Kilbride, Adam Ingram, grew up in the east end of Glasgow and was one of the first people I ever spoke to in the Labour party.
His advice and wise counsel has been a constant source of support to me over the years, and I am incredibly grateful.
The other is a southsider, my friend and the former Member for Glasgow Central, Anas Sarwar.
I had the great privilege of serving as the director of Anas’s successful leadership campaign to become leader of Scottish Labour.
Three and a half years ago, as we sat beginning that campaign, it was hard to imagine what the future might hold, but even in our most optimistic of moments, I do not think we would have predicted this.
I stand here as one of 37 Scottish Labour MPs.
Having praised three Glaswegians, I will do something unusual for a Glasgow MP and praise someone from Edinburgh.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  has been a friend of mine for many years, and he deserves enormous credit for his long and lonely shift as the sole Scottish Labour MP, and for being someone who recognised that the Labour party had to change if it was to earn people’s trust once again.
It gives me enormous pleasure and pride to see him in his rightful place as the Secretary of State for Scotland.
That brief interlude aside, we return to Scotland’s real capital city.
I am privileged to represent Glasgow’s southside, a place that has had something of a renaissance in recent years, boasting the trendy tenements of Shawlands, the tree-lined avenues of Newlands and the beautiful conservation village of Carmunnock, among others.
My constituency contains many of Glasgow’s beautiful parks, of which Linn Park, Queen’s Park and Pollok Country Park are just a few.
In the latter, hon.
Members will find the Burrell collection, which was awarded the Art Fund’s museum of the year award after its reopening last year.
Like many parts of the city, however, we are not without difficulties.
Castlemilk is an area with enormous spirit and the kindest people anyone will ever meet, but it also remains an area with challenges.
Even today, the simple act of getting a supermarket in Castlemilk has proven difficult, something I hope I hope to change as local MP.
What is true of all my constituency is that it is an outward-looking, diverse and welcoming place.
The Scots-Asian community in particular have contributed  enormously to Glasgow’s character, and I am very proud to represent them here in Parliament.
Immigration has made my constituency richer, and it makes our country richer, too.
The southside of Glasgow is also a passionately pro-European place.
Although Brexit was settled in the previous Parliament, I intend to support the Government’s moves to repair our relationship with Europe.
My first duty is to my constituency and my country—being the Member of Parliament for Glasgow South is the only job that I will do, so long as the people of Glasgow South wish for me to continue—but I also feel a sense of responsibility towards the many millions of people at home and around the world who do not have a voice; the people toiling away in darkness, just as my grandpa did all those years ago.
I hope that none of us in this House forgets the millions—indeed, billions—of people around the world who are not as lucky as us, including those facing persecution or war, those without access to clean water or a good education, and those bound by modern slavery.
I am one of the lucky few to serve in this place, but I will never forget the people who put me here and the people who do not have a voice.
Delivering for them will be how I judge my success.
First, let me thank my hon.
Friend and his family for walking across the country to raise awareness of child poverty during the pandemic.
The Government recognise the disruption to education caused by the pandemic and the different access to online learning and IT equipment.
We are committed to learning lessons from the past and making improvements for the future.
In the immediate term, the Government have invested in delivering nationwide gigabyte connectivity as soon as possible.
We are investing £5 billion as part of this project to ensure that the hardest-to-reach areas across the UK, such as my hon.
Friend’s constituency, receive coverage.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak.
Let me say congratulations and welcome to your place.
I have been moved and inspired by so many contributions over the past few days, and it is an immense privilege to be making the first maiden speech of today.
I also offer my best wishes to  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Patrick Spencer) , who will also be making his maiden speech today.
Not only is he my neighbour, but he is representing a place that is really close to my heart.
I am incredibly proud to be making my maiden speech as the new Member of Parliament for Ipswich.
However, this is not my first contribution in this House.
Yesterday, I asked a question at PMQs, highlighting the huge potential that Ipswich possesses but saying that, after 14 years of neglect, we desperately needed Government support to help revive our town centre.
However, corners of social media instead focused on a very gentle joke I had made, when I pointed out that my home county of Suffolk once again had a premier league football team, unlike our friends north of the border in Norfolk.
One keyboard warrior in particular took umbrage at that.
His name is Ed Balls, and apparently he used to work here.
He said that Norwich has had a 15-year unbeaten run in the Old Farm derby—a run that will now, sadly, be extended due to Ipswich being promoted to the premier league and Norwich getting knocked out in the play-offs last season.
I am sure that that will be a bitter pill for Town fans to swallow as they visit Anfield, the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, the Etihad and Old Trafford next season.
Ed’s tweet also represented my most significant celebrity beef on social media since Steve Brookstein—yes, the first winner of “The X Factor” nearly a decade ago.
Ipswich has a rich and long history—so rich and long, in fact, that I am going to use this as an opportunity to settle an old score.
Now that Colchester has vacated its town status, I am laying claim to Ipswich being the oldest continuous town in England.
No, I have not checked that with the House of Commons Library, as I might have been given an answer that I did not want to hear, but two minutes of searching online tells me that I have a decent chance of being right—and I presume that, as I am now stating it as fact in Parliament, it now becomes true.
Thomas Wolsey is arguably Ipswich’s most famous son, and we in Ipswich have been celebrating his legacy throughout the past year through the Wolsey 550.
Wolsey does not always get the praise he deserves.
Climbing the greasy pole will not win you many friends—something to which Members of this House will attest, I am sure.
However, his story, rising from humble beginnings to becoming one of the most powerful statesmen in England, was remarkable, and he left his imprint on our town too.
Ipswich can also lay claim to Ralph Fiennes, Constance Andrews, Thomas Gainsborough, Jean Ingelow, Brian Eno, Edith Cook and even Richard Ayoade, to name but a few.
My job over the coming years will be ensuring that kids growing up in Ipswich today get their chance to make their dreams a reality, so that when my successor comes to make their maiden speech, they have a few more names to mention too.
I would also like to mention my predecessor, Tom Hunt.
While an MP, Tom often spoke about being neurodiverse, and was open about challenges that he faced growing up.
He looked to tackle some of the stigma that still exists, and that is an incredibly powerful thing for a Member of Parliament to do.
On election night, Tom charitably mentioned our shared commitment to improving the lives of children with special educational needs and disabilities, an issue that I have campaigned on for many years in Suffolk.
I will now use my role to fight for those families here in Westminster.
The SEND crisis is a national issue, and I know many colleagues from across the House will have heard countless stories about the struggles that families have had to endure to access the services that should be theirs.
In Suffolk, we have had a decade of the most grotesque and repeated failures.
I remember five years ago, after another damning report, the front page of our local paper, the East Anglian Daily Times, showed the faces of just some of the children and families who had been so badly failed by a broken system, with the heartbreaking, desperate headline, “We must be heard”.
As ITV’s report shows today, so little has changed half a decade later.
Those children and their families have still not been heard.
This is not just about the educational impacts on children, immense though they may be.
It is also about the exhaustion, desperation and isolation that families suffer, day in, day out; the months—years, even—battling for an education, health and care plan; the time spent waiting by the phone, or checking emails, hoping that they might finally get some positive news; and the energy they have to find just to try to navigate this broken system, fight through tribunals, and submit mountains upon mountains of new documentation and information, all while trying to care for their family.
As a Labour Government, we cannot let the suffering of vulnerable children and their families continue.
It will be my personal mission in this place to fight this inequality  and injustice.
If I can make one final plea on this issue, as a former teaching assistant and proud GMB MP, I urge that when we talk about the crisis in retention and recruitment of teachers, we include specialist and support staff in the conversation.
They are crucial to breaking down barriers to opportunity, too.
I would like to touch on another subject that is incredibly important to me: the energy transition.
This is not just an environmental necessity but an economic imperative.
It can boost our economy, reduce bills, ensure greater security and deliver the well paid jobs that we need.
With GB Energy, we will be able to achieve that.
If Britain is to become a world leader in this area, as the Labour party has pledged, I want Ipswich and Suffolk to be right at the heart of this national renewal.
Why should we not be?
Over the coming years, thousands of jobs will be created in new nuclear at Sizewell, in offshore wind and in solar.
I am unapologetically ambitious for our town and our county.
I do not want those jobs and that investment to drift away elsewhere.
I want kids growing up in Ipswich, or people looking to retrain and upskill, to get those secure, well paid jobs.
I want local businesses to benefit from the billions of pounds that will flow out of these projects, and I want our area to be the centre of national excellence.
That is our future, if we are brave enough to grasp it.
As a Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament, it is particularly welcome to me that our commitment to community energy sits at the very heart of this mission.
The greatest-ever expansion of community energy projects, delivering a million new owners of energy, will be genuinely transformational, and as a proud Co-operative party MP, I will champion the growth of such projects, so that local people will benefit from our green transition too.
Many of us are just a few weeks into our new role, and as this debate is about second jobs, I will be honest in my contribution and say that I have no idea why or how any Member of Parliament would have a second job.
We all know what I am talking about.
To be the Member of Parliament for Ipswich is the greatest privilege of my life, but to be frank, it is not like any other job.
I think about Ipswich, and its beautiful, award-winning parks; its waterfront looking absolutely glorious on a sunny day; the music festivals that we have now, which I would have loved to have been to as a teenager—I am only slightly older now than I was then—and the fact that our town once again has a premier league football club.
I might have mentioned that already.
I think about Suffolk too, the place I moved to 25 years ago.
I still hang out with my friends from Debenham high school.
I still play for the same cricket club, the mighty Eye and District cricket club—my batting just as terrible, and my bowling just as slow, if not slower.
I still want to walk around Fram castle, and along the beaches of Southwold, Aldeburgh and Dunwich.
I still pop into Coes, a family business founded nearly 100 years ago, and I love nothing better than eating at the Lighthouse restaurant, or drinking an Adnams or an Aspall in the Woolpack or the Greyhound.
I am still surrounded by my friends here, my family and my neighbours, not to mention a million happy memories, having been shaped and inspired by them for nearly a quarter of a century.
I have no doubt that I will make some mistakes along the way, and I know that there will be some times when my constituents disagree with me, but know that everything that I do here will be out of service, friendship and love for my home, Ipswich and Suffolk.
I join others in welcoming you to your place, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Thank you for giving me the chance to make my maiden speech, and to contribute to this important debate on second jobs, speaking for the people of Spelthorne.
I pay tribute to all Members who have made their maiden speeches, in particular my immediate predecessor,  the hon.
Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) .
He is clearly going to be a fearsome and fearless advocate for his constituents, based purely on the fact that he is prepared to risk the opprobrium of the people of Colchester, the people of Norwich, and perhaps most impressively of all, Mr Ed Balls.
I congratulate him.