It is a privilege to stand here as the newly elected Member of Parliament for Cardiff West.
It is not an exaggeration to say that I stand in the shadow of some  impressive individuals when it comes to my predecessors.
I am the fifth individual since world war two to have the honour of representing Cardiff West; of my four predecessors, three stood under the Labour banner and went on to forge formidable careers here in Westminster.
One served as Speaker of this House.
Rhodri Morgan, my predecessor but one, served in this House for nearly 14 years before beginning his next act as First Minister of Wales, serving in that role for over nine years.
Rhodri was a political giant, and very much loved and missed by my constituents.
As for my immediate predecessor, Kevin Brennan, as well as serving in a number of ministerial roles in the last Labour Government, his single biggest impact in this House might be his membership of the parliamentary rock band MP4.
So we have a Speaker, a First Minister and a lead guitarist—for me, the pressure really is on.
In all seriousness, Kevin served Cardiff West with distinction for 23 years, and he is a quality act to follow.
That quality was clearly spotted by the House when Kevin gave his maiden speech, on  20 June 2001 .
After finishing it, Peter Bottomley, the last Parliament’s Father of the House, commented that Kevin “will be one of the stars of the Parliament.
He has the sort of speaking talent that probably guarantees his joining the Whips Office and being shut up for a bit.”—[Official
Report,  20 June 2001 ; Vol. 370, c. 129.]
Mr Bottomley was prescient because, following the 2005 general election, Kevin was indeed appointed an Assistant Government Whip.
I want to place on the record my thanks to Kevin and his wife Amy for their generosity, advice and support.
Having listened to a number of maiden speeches over the past few days of debate, I believe it has become a tradition to refer to one’s constituency as the most beautiful in all the land.
As this place is steeped in tradition, with perhaps a sprinkling of modernisation to come, I would not want to disappoint, so I can confirm that Cardiff West is indeed the most beautiful—or, as we say in Welsh, prydferth or hardd.
Until this election, Cardiff West existed entirely within the boundaries of the city of Cardiff, but following the most recent set of boundary changes, the ward of Pontyclun in Rhondda Cynon Taf now forms part of it.
Cardiff West’s gain is Pontypridd’s loss, as Pontyclun is a vibrant community, full of good people and a thriving high street that we must strive to maintain.
On that note, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones)  for her work representing Pontyclun in the last Parliament.
Moving east, there a diverse, prydferth and hardd constituency.
In one corner is Llandaff, a city within a city that houses the beautiful Llandaff cathedral, one of two cathedrals in Cardiff.
In St Fagans, we find the St Fagans National Museum of History, one of Europe’s pre-eminent open-air museums.
In Canton there is a thriving cultural scene, including Chapter arts centre and the Corp.
Cardiff West also regularly punches above its weight when it comes to sport.
It is home to Glamorgan cricket, Sophia gardens, the athletics stadium at Cardiff international sports stadium and Cardiff City stadium, the home of Cardiff City football club and the Welsh national team.
Cardiff West also houses Riverside, Pontcanna, Fairwater and Pentrebane, Pentyrch, Radyr and Morganstown, Gwaelod-y-Garth, Ely and Caerau, to name but a few.
Each area is defined by its own  unique character, but the common thread that runs through them is a proud community, replete with families, local activists, sports clubs, volunteers and faith leaders, all committed to serving the communities they call home.
That became clear to me during the election campaign.
As their newly elected Member of Parliament, I will work with anyone who genuinely seeks to support Cardiff West.
In the past few days, the Labour Government have set out their plans to deliver on the commitments we made to the British people at the last election.
Throughout that election campaign I met countless constituents who demanded change, but not just for change’s sake.
They wanted change with a purpose: change that would improve their lives by making work pay, by delivering a new deal for working people, by rebuilding their broken public services, by making their streets safer, by offering a more inclusive and tolerant discourse, and by making an offer of a future for our country that is more positive, more hopeful and more honest.
Of course, for us to deliver that change we must embody that change, and we need only look around the Chamber to see that.
In this Parliament, 263 women were elected, representing a record high of just over 40%.
This is also the most diverse Parliament by race, and this Parliament includes the largest cohort of LGBT+ Members of any Parliament in the world.
Progress does not always move in a straight line, but if one looks around this Chamber and considers the tenor of maiden speeches we have heard in these last few days of debate, there are indeed reasons for hope.
At the outset of this new Parliament, that deserves special mention; while we can disagree in politics, we should always strive to do so with decency, honesty and respect.
Doing so is not a sign of weakness, but of confidence in ourselves.
Being elected has been both thrilling and humbling in equal measure; I am sure that many of my colleagues across both sides of the House have experienced not dissimilar thoughts and feelings.
However, I am not so blinded by the excitement of being elected to this great place to forget that this is not about me.
It is about what I can and will do to repay the trust of my constituents and to fight for the causes that matter to them—causes such as defending our arts and culture, particularly the cuts that threaten the existence of the Welsh National Opera; supporting our Welsh and Westminster Governments to cut the levels of child poverty, recruit the new teachers we need and cut NHS waiting times; unlocking our green energy potential to deliver cheaper and greener energy; and making work pay by delivering on that new deal for working people.
Ultimately, of course, it is not just about what we each say; it is about what we do.
For so long as I am here, I will work hard for a stronger and fairer Cardiff West.
Finally, I want to thank those people but for whom I would not be here giving this maiden speech.
The first thanks go to my family: my Mum, my Dad and my sister.
My family have inspired my values of public service and have made me a better person.
The other thanks go to my husband, who is up in the Gallery with my sister.
We celebrated our six-year wedding anniversary during the final days of the campaign, but we actually met more than 12 years ago at a time when I was still struggling to acknowledge, let alone accept, that I was gay.
Through all that, he had the love and patience to support me in accepting who I was and to be honest about that.
I truly would not be here without his love, support  and friendship.
As a proud Welshman and a proud gay man, I am excited to play my part in the Government’s programme of national renewal.
In so doing, I will endeavour to represent Cardiff West to the very best of my abilities.
May I offer you my congratulations, Madam Deputy Speaker, and also thank you for giving me the  opportunity to make my maiden speech and, in particular, to make it during this fundamentally important debate, which will ensure that we are not just a Government of service but a House of service.
In my speech I will mention many people who have done precisely that—served others.
It is a great pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns) , and to hear such excellent maiden speeches from Members on both sides of the House.
It is an honour to serve the community where I was born, raised my family, and worked in local secondary schools as a science teacher and then a deputy headteacher.
I pay tribute to my predecessors, Jane Stevenson and—given parliamentary boundary changes—Eddie Hughes as well.
I thank them for their faithful service to our communities.
I also wish to honour the late Ian Brookfield, former leader of Wolverhampton city council, who sadly passed away at the age of 57 after a short illness.
Ian filled any room, and was a political giant.
His legacy of celebrating the diversity of our city and fighting for the vulnerable will not be forgotten.
Take a mere glance at the roll call of previous MPs who have served Wolverhampton North East, and you soon realise that there are big shoes to fill.
Jennie Lee, who when first elected was too young to vote, was instrumental in establishing the Open University.
Ken Purchase, who served for 18 years, was a deeply respected constituency MP.
Ken played a pivotal role in the campaign to save our beloved Wolverhampton Wanderers football club.
Losing our club would have been devastating for the local community, not only in economic terms but in terms of our identity, as a city that truly loves our football club.
A returning Member, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) , was a Minister in the last Labour Government, and I know that she will serve tirelessly in this Government.
The long and rich history of my constituency is a fascinating story of how a small village established in 985 AD grew into the wonderful, diverse city it is today.
It is a history carved out of wars, plagues, and economic booms and busts; a story of determined perseverance, progress and community cohesion.
These values are a testament to what makes any place great: its people.
The dawn of the industrial revolution brought factories and canals to Wolverhampton and Willenhall.
We were ideally located to become one of the major regions involved in coal and metal production, especially the production of locks, keys and enamelware.
We saw growth in manufacturing, with companies such as Guy Motors, Goodyears, and the Chubb and Yale lock makers.
We were at the heart of the “workshop of the world”.
If it was mechanical, we built it.
My journey to stand here today started with my parents migrating from Fiji as young adults.
I was born and raised on a council estate, Ashmore Park, watching my father work all hours in demanding jobs.
Times were tough back then, but they should not be that tough today.
I encountered such challenges directly when I was honoured to serve as mayoress of Wolverhampton as we emerged from covid restrictions.
I met extraordinary community groups and many remarkable people, including the first official freewoman of the city, Lisa Potts.
Lisa protected her students at a primary school nursery from being attacked by an armed intruder.
Selflessly, she placed herself between young students and the attacker, suffering horrific, life-changing injuries in the process.
A George Medal recipient, Lisa remains in close contact  with many of the students almost 30 years after that horrific day.
With her humility, courage and compassion, she is the very definition of a hero.
Wolverhampton and Willenhall take great pride in showing our gratitude to those serving in the British armed forces, and to veterans.
We have extraordinary veteran community groups and volunteers, such as Anne Partridge, a regimental sergeant-major, from the Staffordshire Regiment Association, a true leader known for getting things done.
I was privileged to be part of the unveiling of the magnificent Saragarhi monument, commemorating the brave last stand of 21 Sikh soldiers from the British 36th Sikhs regiment and one Muslim cook who valiantly fought for the British Army.
Unity is strength, and we see a wonderful example of that when the Guru Nanak gurdwara and St Thomas’ church work together for Wednesfield in Bloom; they have amassed several gold awards.
I saw at first hand the struggles that families face every day in my former role as a deputy headteacher.
I could not believe the normalisation of hardship.
Schools have become daily support hubs for families who are desperate in so many ways, facing challenges that should be consigned to the dustbin of history.
It is these experiences that have inspired me to stand and fight for better.
I want every child to be able to take a seat at any table, regardless of their background.
This Labour Government will break down barriers to opportunity, with free breakfast clubs in all primary schools, a reformed secondary curriculum that values creative subjects, a focus on the skills needed by the future workforce, and a children’s wellbeing Bill, so that children are safe, healthy, happy and treated fairly.
Considering the high levels of deprivation in the schools where I worked, I cannot speak highly enough of the dedicated staff, incredible students and supportive parents.
I have a message for my students: I miss you, and I am proud of you.
Remember to find what you love, and go for it with everything you have.
Finally, my humble thanks to the electorate of Wolverhampton North East, who put their trust in me.
To those who did not vote for me, please know that I am here to serve you as well.
The damage done will not be fixed overnight, but the work has started.
I will serve all constituents to bring you the change you deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on your election and welcome you to the Chair, although it feels a bit weird to welcome anyone here, given that I have been here for about two minutes.
I follow on from the excellent contributions made by my hon.
Friends the Members for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), and for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) among others.
I praise in  particular my hon.
Friend for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh, both because he gave an excellent speech and because his mum is one of my constituents.
As I start this new job, I have been thinking a lot about my family; I was doing so while preparing my remarks today.
I was thinking in particular of my grandpa, who was a coalminer in the coalfields of Lanarkshire, just outside Glasgow.
When I was a wee boy, he would tell me of the conditions that he worked in: “Darkness,” he said, “so black that you could hold your hand right in front of your eyes and still not be able to see it.”
In that darkness, he would toil away, unable to imagine his own future, let alone that of his grandweans, as he would say.
All the while he toiled, he was inhaling fumes so toxic that later in life he would have lung cancer, and live the rest of his life with just one lung.
My dad, a welder, is here today—off during the Glasgow fair—along with my mum, who runs her own business, to watch me from the Gallery.
My career so far has been very different from that of my parents and grandparents.
For a start, they have a proper job, whereas I am now doing this for a living, but it has been different for two related reasons.
The first is the Labour party—both in the sense that it has helped to provide me with a new job, and in the protections that it has delivered for working people.
Health and safety legislation, delivered by Labour and built by the trade union movement, have ended the kind of conditions that my grandparents worked in.
The second reason my career has been different is technology.
I suspect that today in Britain there are more bitcoin miners than coalminers, and that is ultimately a good thing.
Coalmining was difficult, hard, laborious work.
As a kid I spent many long hours in front of my computer and, while much of that was spent playing FIFA against my wee brother Mark, some of it was more productive, because I taught myself to code.
I watched YouTube videos and over weeks, months and years I learned how to build software.
I developed iPhone apps that were used around the world, meaning that code written on my laptop in Glasgow could be pushed out to devices around the world in seconds and that this 19-year-old kid in his childhood bedroom could run an app servicing people from Los Angeles to Dubai.
If it can do that, technology can reform our public services too.
Technology might even help to reform this House, as we are debating today.
I hope and know that high-growth, innovative businesses in my home city of Glasgow will be a key part of that.
Much has been said and written about Glasgow over the years, but one thing sticks with me in particular.
Anthony Bourdain was not a man known for his parliamentary language, so let us just say that he described Glasgow as the most unpretentious place on earth—an “antidote” to the world, in his words, “so unapologetically working class and attitude-free”.
I think he was right because, of all the things I love about Glasgow, it is our people and our humour that I enjoy most.
If someone ever gets a wee bit too big for their boots, returning home to Glasgow will soon put an end to that—something I am sure will be increasingly useful the longer I spend in this place.
Unlike many Glaswegians, my admiration even extends to some of Glasgow’s politicians.
It is customary in speeches such as this to praise our predecessors, but I know that for some that will be done through slightly  gritted teeth at the end of a long and bitter-fought election campaign.
In my case, I talk about my predecessor with genuine warmth and admiration.
Stewart McDonald served the people of Glasgow South diligently and built an enviable reputation in this place.
He was particularly respected for his long-standing support for the people of Ukraine, something that saw him awarded the Ukrainian order of merit.
If I leave this place having done half as much as he did for people around the world fighting for democracy, I will leave a happy man.
Before Stewart, there were Labour predecessors.
There was Tom Harris, who has been personally kind to me; John Maxton, now Lord Maxton, whose son taught me modern studies in high school, believe it or not—although I will leave it up to others to decide whether he did a good or bad job of that—and of course Teddy Taylor, who is still remembered fondly by many of my constituents.
I would also like to mention two other Members of this House who had a big impact on my life, both from Glasgow.
The former Member for East Kilbride, Adam Ingram, grew up in the east end of Glasgow and was one of the first people I ever spoke to in the Labour party.
His advice and wise counsel has been a constant source of support to me over the years, and I am incredibly grateful.
The other is a southsider, my friend and the former Member for Glasgow Central, Anas Sarwar.
I had the great privilege of serving as the director of Anas’s successful leadership campaign to become leader of Scottish Labour.
Three and a half years ago, as we sat beginning that campaign, it was hard to imagine what the future might hold, but even in our most optimistic of moments, I do not think we would have predicted this.
I stand here as one of 37 Scottish Labour MPs.
Having praised three Glaswegians, I will do something unusual for a Glasgow MP and praise someone from Edinburgh.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  has been a friend of mine for many years, and he deserves enormous credit for his long and lonely shift as the sole Scottish Labour MP, and for being someone who recognised that the Labour party had to change if it was to earn people’s trust once again.
It gives me enormous pleasure and pride to see him in his rightful place as the Secretary of State for Scotland.
That brief interlude aside, we return to Scotland’s real capital city.
I am privileged to represent Glasgow’s southside, a place that has had something of a renaissance in recent years, boasting the trendy tenements of Shawlands, the tree-lined avenues of Newlands and the beautiful conservation village of Carmunnock, among others.
My constituency contains many of Glasgow’s beautiful parks, of which Linn Park, Queen’s Park and Pollok Country Park are just a few.
In the latter, hon.
Members will find the Burrell collection, which was awarded the Art Fund’s museum of the year award after its reopening last year.
Like many parts of the city, however, we are not without difficulties.
Castlemilk is an area with enormous spirit and the kindest people anyone will ever meet, but it also remains an area with challenges.
Even today, the simple act of getting a supermarket in Castlemilk has proven difficult, something I hope to change as local MP.
What is true of all my constituency is that it is an outward-looking, diverse and welcoming place.
The Scots-Asian community in particular have contributed   enormously to Glasgow’s character, and I am very proud to represent them here in Parliament.
Immigration has made my constituency richer, and it makes our country richer, too.
The southside of Glasgow is also a passionately pro-European place.
Although Brexit was settled in the previous Parliament, I intend to support the Government’s moves to repair our relationship with Europe.
My first duty is to my constituency and my country—being the Member of Parliament for Glasgow South is the only job that I will do, so long as the people of Glasgow South wish for me to continue—but I also feel a sense of responsibility towards the many millions of people at home and around the world who do not have a voice; the people toiling away in darkness, just as my grandpa did all those years ago.
I hope that none of us in this House forgets the millions—indeed, billions—of people around the world who are not as lucky as us, including those facing persecution or war, those without access to clean water or a good education, and those bound by modern slavery.
I am one of the lucky few to serve in this place, but I will never forget the people who put me here and the people who do not have a voice.
Delivering for them will be how I judge my success.
It is an absolute honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South (Gordon McKee) .
He spoke passionately about his constituency, and his love for his constituents was clear for all to hear.
It is also an honour to follow maiden speeches from the hon.
Members for Ipswich (Jack Abbott), for Spelthorne (Lincoln Jopp), for Telford (Shaun Davies), for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray), for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), for Wolverhampton North East (Sureena Brackenridge) and for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan).
Each is, in their own way, an act to follow.