I accept that I may be a little biased, but Hazel Grove is quite clearly the finest constituency in the land.
It ranges from central Stockport out to the edge of the Peak district, taking in the communities of Bredbury, Bosden Farm, Compstall, Great Moor, Hawk Green, Heaviley, High Lane, Little Moor, Marple, Marple Bridge, Mellor, Mill Brow, Norbury, Offerton, Romiley, Strines, Woodley, and some, but not all, of Hazel Grove itself.
Whether the peaceful havens of our green spaces or the proud reminders of our industrial heritage, Hazel Grove has it all.
We have the Peak forest, the Macclesfield canals, which have one of the steepest lock flights in the  country, and our beautiful rivers: the Goyt, the Mersey and the Tame.
It is no wonder so many people want to call our area home.
Our rivers would be even more beautiful if the water company were not pumping quite so much sewage into them.
We very much look forward to the Government implementing their plans to clean up that scandal.
However, it is the people who really make our community.
Starting Point social enterprise in Woodley is tackling digital exclusion by giving some of my more mature constituents the confidence to get online, the Cherry Tree Project in Romiley empowers young people to live their best lives, and NK Theatre Arts works with children and adults of all abilities across the borough, using creativity and the performing arts to transform lives.
Local people have many of the answers that we seek on how to fix the problems we face as a country.
My job, and the job of this House, is to empower them, not tell them what is good for them.
I am a liberal and a Liberal Democrat.
We exist to build and safeguard a fair, free and open society in which we balance the fundamental values of liberty, equality and community, and in which no one shall be enslaved by poverty, ignorance or conformity.
I joined the Lib Dems and got involved in politics because shouting at the television was not bringing about the changes that we need.
My constituents have been very clear with me that their top priority is our local health service.
They should not have a hospital that is literally falling down, they should not have to wait months or years for treatment, and they should not have to struggle to care for their loved ones.
The phenomenal staff at Stepping Hill hospital should not have to wade through flooded corridors to get to their patients because yet another pipe has burst, as it did last weekend.
Stepping Hill hospital must get the repairs it needs, and we need a new, additional hospital in the town centre so that local people can get the health and social care services they deserve.
I will not rest until they do.
I could not possibly make my first speech in this House without mentioning the last Liberal Democrat to represent my community, Andrew Stunell.
Andrew was the MP for Hazel Grove from 1997 to 2015, and he was that rare kind of politician who gave politics a good name.
He was an MP who set the standard to which all who came after him are rightly held—he was interested in doing something, not just being something.
He put his constituents first and brought about changes in the law, both as a Minister and as a Back Bencher.
Andrew made things better for the whole country: as a Minister, he delivered the Localism Act 2011, but as a Back Bencher he came top of the private Member’s Bill ballot in 2003, resulting in the Sustainable and Secure Buildings Bill becoming an Act of Parliament in 2004.
More than all that, he was one of the warmest, kindest people I have ever met.
He was the kind of person you want on your team: hard-working, honest and kind.
He helped me work out what it was to make a difference in public life.
The people of Hazel Grove, the whole Lib Dem family, and I will miss him and his guidance hugely.
I am the first woman to be elected as the MP for Hazel Grove, and I take that responsibility really seriously.
I am especially delighted to be a Member of the largest  group of Liberal Democrats ever elected to this House: there are 73 of us, if we include the right honourable Jennie.
I went to a comprehensive school, and was the first member of my family to go to university.
Before deciding that shouting at the telly was not bringing about the changes that I wanted to see in the world and that standing for elected office was the way to be part of that change, I worked in a business as a director of client relations—my clients were big pension funds, charities and foundations.
I was then the chief exec of a charity, educating women and girls in the developing world.
For the past eight years, I have also been lucky enough to represent some of my constituents as an elected councillor for Bredbury Green and Romiley on Stockport council, a role I have loved.
I am one of a rather large number of colleagues who come to this House knowing at first hand the value of local government, and the desperate need for it to be funded properly.
I turn to the substance of today’s debate, which is standards and modernisation.
The main thrust of what we have heard from the Government and the Leader of the House—that any further roles should benefit an MP’s constituents—is absolutely right.
In the short term, we should of course stop MPs from taking on roles as paid parliamentary advisers, strategists or consultants.
In the longer term, daylight is often the best disinfectant, so I ask the Leader of the House to consider whether publishing any employment contracts for outside arrangements—with suitable redactions—and the transparency that would bring would allow constituents to judge for themselves whether they were getting value for money from their MP.
As a new MP, I am struck and more than a little bemused by some of the wonderful conventions and habits of this House.
Taking it as read that colleagues are honourable is a good thing, and referring to one another as the Members for our constituencies acts as a powerful reminder of who sent us here, but I am also struck by how much modernisation is needed.
We on the Lib Dem Benches look forward to supporting the Government when we agree, but I would expect us to urge, persuade, and on occasion push the Government to go further and faster to make us the most effective we can be, because our constituents deserve no less.
With so many newly elected colleagues, we have a cracking opportunity to change this place for the better.
It could be so much more efficient and so much more effective.
Let us do that with fresh eyes before we are all too institutionalised and think that some of this stuff is normal.
However, that is also going to take some courage from the new Government, because making processes and procedures less obscure so that more people understand them and making this place more efficient will mean that MPs have more power and the Government slightly less of it.
Governments—especially Governments with new large majorities, I am guessing—will probably grow rather fond of that power quite quickly, so let us get cracking.
Alongside modernising this place, we should of course reform our politics and our democracy more fundamentally.
The House of Lords should obviously be elected, 16 and 17-year-olds should be able to vote, and we must replace the antiquated and deeply unfair first-past-the-post system with a fair, proportionate voting system.
I look forward to making the case for these changes during my time here.
This election was the fourth time I have stood to represent the people of Hazel Grove as the Lib Dem candidate, and it probably takes a certain sort of stubbornness, resilience and determination to do that.
It most certainly took the support of my family, and especially of my partner, Ed.
I am so grateful to him.
Our mischievous rescue dog Bonnie has not quite made up her mind yet about what she thinks about me working away from home rather more, but I hope to be able to convince her that winning is better than losing, as it undoubtedly is.
Winning enables us to get stuff done, and there is a lot to do.
It is the honour of my life to be elected to represent my phenomenal community, the people of Hazel Grove constituency.
They will be at the heart of everything I do here, and I hope I do them proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to the many maiden speeches of new Members I have heard today, including  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart)  for her fine speech.
Hon.
Members have spoken with affection and commitment about their home constituencies.
Each of them rightly places their own area above all others, and that is understandable, but I stand before you as the Member for the oldest continuous constituency to send a Member to this House.
For almost 1,000 years, men and women have stood, as I stand today, proud to proclaim themselves the Member for Lincoln.
I walk in the footsteps of a series of strong Labour women.
Lincoln’s first female Member of Parliament was a titan of our movement, Margaret Beckett.
Grafton House, Lincoln’s Labour club, was founded and sustained by the much-missed Leo.
Margaret was succeeded by two other formidable Labour women, Gillian Merron and Karen Lee, both of whom continue to serve our movement in local and national Government.
I am honoured to succeed them.
I would like to pay tribute, too, to my immediate predecessor, Karl McCartney, who also loved the city.
He dedicated himself particularly to improving local transport provision.
He pressed forward with relief roads for the city, and I now take up that cause too.
Lincoln is a beautiful, historic, young and dynamic city, but we are far from other major urban centres and, indeed, from any of my hon.
Friends on these Benches.
We need a public transport network that reflects that relative geographical isolation, and I hope to work with colleagues across the House to make sure that Lincoln and Lincolnshire get the transport network they need.
Right hon.
and hon.
Members may not yet be sick of hearing me talk about the urgent necessity to upgrade the Lincoln to Newark line, one of the slowest in the country, but I assure them that they will be.
All of us elected to serve our communities will of course be seeking the support that they deserve, as I also intend to in relation to the cost of living, healthcare and housing, but I also want to pause to pay tribute to the service my city has done for this country.
That service snakes back even further than my predecessors.
Over 1,000 years ago, in 1217, England seemed almost lost.
French forces loyal to Prince Louis had taken most  of England, and even the majority of Lincoln herself.
It was only our castle, led by a woman in her mid-sixties, Nicola de la Haye, the constable of Lincoln castle, who survived months of bitter siege warfare, that finally repelled the invaders at the battle of Lincoln, securing the city and saving England.
Hundreds of years later, Lincoln and her workers again sprang to the defence of this country.
In the chaos of the first world war, facing mechanised industrial-scale warfare of the most horrifying kind, Lincoln invented the tank.
We produced one in 14 of all Royal Air Force planes at Ruston, and the working people of Lincoln delivered to this country the equipment and people needed to prevail against the odds.
On these Benches, and in this movement, we never forget that.
Lincoln’s connection with the RAF has never since dimmed, and less than a decade later young men, including my grandfather, trained to fly at the RAF stations surrounding our city.
To this day we are proud to continue to host RAF Waddington, one of the most important RAF bases.
At this moment RAF Waddington and its brave men and women protect this country and this House, as does Sobraon barracks in uphill Lincoln.
I am proud of their service, and I will be a champion for them and their families for as long as I am in this place.
As for so many of my constituents, public service took me far from home, and I was surprised and honoured to be asked to return to the Foreign Office shortly after my election to this place.
I know that my constituents expect me to do my duty there, as they do at Waddington and across the world.
It is an honour to join the Government, but before I speak from the Front Benches on Government business, I wish to send a message to my constituents: I am first and foremost the Member for Lincoln—for the city and Bracebridge, Waddington and Skellingthorpe; for the schools and two universities; for the barracks and the airbase; for the hospital, cathedral and castle; for our copy of Magna Carta; for the independent shops of the bail; for Sincil Bank and the parks of Boultham and Hartsholme; and for the Gillies, the Ermine, Birchwood and Steep Hill.
This is the honour of my life, and our city on a hill will be my first and last priority for as long as you send me here.
It is an honour to rise to make my first formal contribution as a Member of this House, and I start by congratulating you on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker, and on taking your seat in the Chair.
I also start with a slight admission of honesty.
Since arriving here, I have been nervous and anxious about making my maiden speech—we might even say that I delayed making my maiden speech for fear that my new colleagues were superb orators who would go on to make excellent speeches.
I am happy to admit that that fear came to pass: there have been some superb speeches over the past couple of days.
Even today, I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Spelthorne (Lincoln Jopp) and for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson), and the hon.
Members for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros- Curtis), for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Glasgow  South (Gordon McKee), for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart), for Lincoln (Hamish Falconer), and of course my neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) , whose great speech did justice to that town.
I thank him for his kind words.
He is no longer here, so I will stop the niceties there.
I am in the fortunate position of having been sent to this place to represent a constituency and a people that have played a huge role in my life.
My grandfather grew up in east London before moving to Essex to raise a family.
It was in the 1980s, after retirement and with my grandmother Mary, that he made that all-too-familiar trip up the A12 to settle just 20 minutes outside Ipswich.
My earliest and happiest childhood memories were spent falling in love with a country and a countryside that I still call home today, and a county and a people I am now humbled to represent in this place.
Shock horror, Madam Deputy Speaker: I think Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is blessed with some of the most beautiful countryside in England, but it is the history of the area that makes it unique.
The Anglo-Saxon King Raedwald was one of the richest and most powerful of his era.
Consequently, Suffolk has become a treasure trove for archaeologists for nearly a century.
My neighbour  the hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Jenny Riddell-Carpenter)  can boast of Sutton Hoo, but on my far-eastern border, just last year a 1,400-year-old pre-Christian temple was discovered.
Experts can trace back human activity in the area almost 6,000 years.
I am fortunate to have the beautiful market town of Framlingham in my patch.
It is home to Framlingham castle, a former seat of the famous Howard family, and St Michael’s church, which contains the tombs of Tudor royalty and nobility, and which I love to take my two children to see.
I also have Helmingham hall in my constituency, which has unbelievably hosted both Queen Elizabeth I and Queen Elizabeth II.
It is unsurprising, given our ancient, lush and beautiful landscape, that we have a rich history of producing great artists who are inspired by those surroundings.
Thomas Gainsborough, John Constable, Benjamin Britten and even Brian Eno and Ed Sheeran, to name a few, are all products of our wonderful county in some way or another.
I am afraid to say that this child of Suffolk was not blessed with the same artistic talent.
The other great contribution that I have always felt that Suffolk makes to our country is in food and drink.
I have been told by my wife that it is certainly a domain in which I have more expertise and experience.
Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is home to Aspall cider, manufactured for almost 300 years from apple trees in the grounds of Aspall hall.
It is now one of the most recognisable brands in the global drinks market, exporting products to customers around the world.
It is a great example of global success by a home-grown British business.
We are great exporters of not only cider but sausages, spuds, chocolate and condiments.
It is not uncommon to find Suffolk produce in shops across the country.
It is for that reason that I have in the past, and will now in this place, support initiatives like that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans)  that give consumers in this country the opportunity to buy produce from producers in this country.
The Suffolk farming and agricultural community are such an important part of our local society, and they are also emblematic of our local culture and identity, with their no-nonsense attitude to hard work, love for family and community, complete and utter ambivalence to the weather, and deep affection for our natural environment.
I am sure that all Members have their bias, but I am of the firm belief that the people of Central Suffolk and North Ipswich are the finest our country has to offer.
While I hope to be a voice primarily for the people of Suffolk and Ipswich, I hope to use my time in this place to speak up for another cause.
In a previous life, before entering this place, I worked under my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  at the Centre for Social Justice, and then as an adviser in the Department for Education.
In that time, I realised that the Conservative party and conservativism have a proud story to tell on the critical issue of helping those who need help—on offering the most vulnerable in our society not just a handout but a leg up, and on standing up for what is just and fair in society.
More than anything, they are about giving people the opportunity to fulfil their potential.
I count the wards of Whitton, Whitehouse and Castle Hill as part of my patch.
Whitton and Whitehouse are two of the most deprived wards in our country.
Castle Hill is probably one of the most unequal.
By any measure, Ipswich is, like its football team, a huge success story, but large parts of it, including many families living in Whitehouse, Whitton and Castle Hill, have been left behind.
The story is all too familiar: the failure to adapt in a post-industrial economy; generations of low-wage work, if not worklessness; the proliferation of crime; and high levels of immigration that have caused a degree of social polarisation.
For however long the people of Central Suffolk and North Ipswich want me to represent them, I will fight in this place to empower those people who feel left behind, those who want to get on in life, and those who want to, and can, reach their potential.
At a time when faith and trust in politics is at an all-time low among those who feel locked out of our economy and our society, there is no more pressing cause than ensuring that Britain works for everyone.
Today, we are debating the merits of allowing MPs to have a second job.
Time and again on the doorstep during the election, and across dining tables for many years, I have heard from people—rich and poor, young and old, left and right—that they have lost faith in politicians doing the right thing.
Believe it or not, the NHS, immigration, jobs, incomes and access to homes were all hugely important to the voters at this general election, but the most important thing to the people across my constituency—from Whitehouse to Whitton, Kesgrave to Claydon and Ringshall to Rendham—whether they voted for me or not, was restoring a sense of moral probity and public spiritedness to our political system.
As we embark on this debate and others in this place, let us keep that in mind.
Before I finish, I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor, Dr Dan Poulter.
He was as dedicated a servant to the people of Suffolk and Ipswich as ever there was, both an MP and in his second job as a consultant doctor.
He used his invaluable NHS experience when he was a junior Minister in the Department of Health, and when he was on the draft Bill Committee  reviewing the Mental Health Act 1983 for the first time in 40 years.
We felt the benefits of his healthcare expertise in Suffolk when he managed to save Hertismere hospital, which was previously in my constituency and is now in neighbouring Waveney Valley, and when he lobbied the Government for a new accident and emergency wing for Ipswich general hospital.
As many people know, Dr Dan arrived in this House as a Member of my party and left as a Member of another, but I do not feel any ill will, for another political hero of mine, Winston Churchill, performed a similar journey over 120 years ago.
I do not mind saying it here, Madam Deputy Speaker: I, too, hope one day to cross the Floor.
Before I give my Whips a heart attack, I should add: not to swap political allegiances, but as part of a Conservative party elected back into government, taking our place on the Government Benches.
That was a Whip-issued line.
In the meantime, though, I would like to thank my wife and my two little boys, Leo and Jasper, who I am sure are watching on BBC Parliament right now.
I also thank the Doorkeepers and the Clerks.
I also want to thank my mother, who has been a real trouper to sit through a nearly 3.5-hour debate.
She looks brighter now than she did when I put her in a polling station as a teller.
As I was saying, I look forward to working with Members from across the House in the pursuit of delivering for the people of this great nation.