Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Coach Carl Bowser, who passed away last month.
While Coach Bowser was a pillar of the Bakersfield College football program, his legacy extends beyond the field, evident in the outpouring of love following his death and the honors proclaimed of Coach Bowser's impact on the lives of others.
He was a great man, a beloved mentor, and a leader who made positive contributions to countless individuals.
Born in Oklahoma, Carl Bowser was first introduced to Bakersfield College's football program when he became a team water boy.
His passion for the sport led him to become a fullback for California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo (Cal Poly), where he rushed for 620 yards and seven touchdowns in 1959.
Coach Bowser demonstrated early on his perseverance in the face of tragedy when he narrowly survived the tragic 1960 Cal Poly plane crash, losing 16 of his teammates.
Coach Bowser would go on later that year to rush for 288 yards and score two touchdowns.
In 1962, Coach Bowser completed his bachelor's degree at Cal Poly in physical education and returned the following year to earn his master's degree in education.
Coach Bowser soon sharpened his passion for coaching football, serving as the Head Coach of Burroughs High School in Ridgecrest and later as Head Coach at Shafter High School.
Joining Bakersfield College's program, Coach Bowser served as the Renegades Assistant Coach under Head Coach Gerry Collis for 17 years before rising to the Head Coach position in 1984.
Coach Bowser's masterful 83-31-3 career record across 11 seasons will certainly be remembered as a golden age of Renegade athletics.
Second to no other season, was the team's 1988 triumphs, where under Coach Bowser's leadership, the Renegades beat the undefeated Fullerton College Hornets to secure the 1988 Junior College Football Championship.
Coach Bowser earned the esteemed title of Conference Coach of the Year four times, where his team won six Western State Conference titles, and earned seven Potato Bowl appearances before his retirement from the program in 1994.