Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of the Honorable Frank W. Chen, who passed away on July 18, 2024.
Judge Chen formerly served as a commissioner for the Los Angeles County Superior Court in California.
Frank was born in Taipei, Taiwan on November 11, 1963, to his parents William and May Chen.
Frank moved to the United States at the age of 4 where he settled in Schenectady, New York and graduated from Mohonasen Senior High School.
Following his graduation, Frank attended Stanford University and graduated in 1985 with a bachelor's degree in economics.
He went on to graduate from the University of California, Los Angeles School of Law in 1988 and started his career as a litigation attorney in Los Angeles that same year after being admitted to the California State Bar.
Frank met Chen-Yen in December of 1999 and in September 2000, they got married and moved to San Marino, CA.
They welcomed their first child, Nathaniel Chen in 2003 and then second child, Natalina Chen in 2005.
Anyone who knew Frank knew that his family meant more to him than anything else.
He worked tirelessly to support his family first and foremost and to ensure that they could also pursue their passions to the fullest.
Frank is well-known for his pro bono legal work in combating abusive litigation.
He received awards for his volunteer work with state and local prosecutors, local elected officials, legislators, and the State Bar.
In 2003, Frank was named a recipient of California Lawyer Magazine's Attorney of the Year (CLAY).
That same year, Frank was a recipient of the Asian Pacific American Legal Center of Southern California's Pro Bono Service Award for his work in coordinating a unique and sweeping defense to abusive litigation brought by the Trevor Law Group.
Since 2005, Frank has been recognized eleven times as a Southern California Super Lawyer and three times in the National Super Lawyers Business Edition.
He was also named one of Pasadena Magazine's Top Attorneys from 2010-2018.
Frank first became interested in judicial service while working as a volunteer Temporary Judge for the Los Angeles County Superior Court beginning in 2005 where he presided over small claims.
In December 2018, Frank was elected by the judges of the Los Angeles Superior Court to become the Los Angeles Superior Court's Court Commissioner.
Frank became the Los Angeles Superior Court's third Taiwanese-born judicial officer and was the fifth nationwide.
Frank was also a well-respected leader in his community.
He was a former president of the Southern California Chinese Lawyers Association (SCCLA) and the Taiwanese American Lawyers Association (TALA).
He served as a trustee of the Los Angeles County Bar Association (LACBA) and as a board member of the Asian Pacific American Bar Association of Los Angeles County (APABA).
Frank was also a proud blood donor to local American Red Cross blood banks.
He also was a supporter of many online musicians within the Twitch music community and greeted audiences for the past three years as a moderator, fan and friend.
Frank was also a faithful member of San Marino Community Church where he served as an Elder and recently joined the Chancel Choir with his wife.
He is survived by many loving family members, including his wife Chun-Yen, son Nathaniel, daughter Natalina, parents William and May Chen, brother Henry Chen and sister-in-law Julie, and nephew Matthew and niece Natalie.
May his memory serve as an inspiration to all who knew him.