JULY 23 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Seval Oz, of California, and Michael Rutherford, of Florida, both to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory Zerzan, of Texas, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Transportation.
SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine challenges to meeting increased electricity demand.
SD-366 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Katherine Scarlett, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and Jeffrey Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator, both of the Environmental Protection Agency.
SD-562 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine dismantling transnational criminal organizations in the Americas.
SD-419 2 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Education and the American Family To hold hearings to examine choice and literacy, focusing on empowering families for better educational results.
SD-430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine United States diplomatic strategies for a dynamic Middle East.
SD-419 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine innovation in the crosshairs, focusing on countering China's industrial espionage.
SR-428A 3 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Richard Fordyce, of Missouri, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation.
SR-328A Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure To hold hearings to examine the road ahead, focusing on proposals to improve America's transportation infrastructure.
SD-562 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SR-418