Charles ``Charlie'' Parson Gaylor, III, a beloved husband, father, grandfather, and dedicated servant to the Goldsboro community, passed away on July 1, 2025, at the age of 75.
Born and raised in Goldsboro, North Carolina, Charlie was the son of the late Judge Charles P. Gaylor, Jr. and the late Councilwoman Mildred Ellis Gaylor.
A lifelong resident of the city he so passionately served, Charlie's legacy is deeply woven into the civic, legal, and cultural fabric of Wayne County.
Charlie graduated from Goldsboro High School in 1967 before earning a double Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
He went on to receive his Juris Doctor from the Delaware Law School of Widener University in Wilmington, Delaware.
Charlie practiced law in Goldsboro from 1977 to 2008 and went on to serve with distinction as a District Court Judge from 2009 to 2022.
Even in retirement, he continued to serve as a recalled judge.
His professional and civic contributions were extensive and impactful.
He held leadership roles in numerous organizations, including serving as Chair of the Wayne County Chamber of Commerce and the Wayne County Economic Development Commission.
He also served as the inaugural Chair of the Wayne County Development Alliance.
Charlie was a dedicated member of the Wayne County Bar Association, North Carolina State Bar, and North Carolina Bar Association.
He was also an avid supporter and past board member of the Foundation of Wayne Community College, the Arts Council of Wayne County, the Wayne County Public Library Foundation, the Downtown Goldsboro Development Corporation, the Wayne County Historic Association, the Military Affairs Committee of the Wayne County Chamber of Commerce, and the Goldsboro Civitan Club.
Charlie was passionate about historic preservation and cultural enrichment, having served as President of the Historic Preservation Society of North Carolina and as a tour guide for the Goldsboro Union Station Project.
His efforts were pivotal in safeguarding the architectural and historical heritage of the region.
He also dedicated his time and leadership to a broad array civic education to passenger rail service advocacy and military appreciation events.
Notably, he co-chaired the 1976 Wayne County Bicentennial ``Town Forum'' series alongside his wife, Rhonda.
Among his many accolades, Charlie was honored with the Jaycees Distinguished Service Award, the Exchange Club Book of Golden Deeds Award, the Gertrude S.