Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Raytown as it celebrates the 75th anniversary of its incorporation as a city.
Finding its foundations as a crossroads for road-weary travelers, this city remains one of the warmest and most welcoming communities in my district.
Raytown's rich history begins long before its incorporation, stretching back to the 1820's when pioneers transversing the Santa Fe Trail built a small settlement there.
A mere day's journey from Independence via covered wagon
, Raytown represented the final township for settlers and adventurers to stock up on supplies.
Cattle, oxen, fresh fruits and vegetables were commonly purchased from farmers in the area.
Skilled laborers such as blacksmiths, wagon repairmen, and iron workers began to settle in the area as well, responding to a growing need for their expertise along the wagon trains.
One such laborer, a blacksmith named William Ray, moved to Jackson County in 1848 and established his forge at the crossroads of the Santa Fe Trail with other local trails.
Ray's shop, and even Ray himself, soon became a prominent landmark, and by 1854, the area was known as ``Ray's Town,'' which eventually turned to ``Raytown''.
The city's legacy as a center of trails and as a rendezvous meeting point, echoes today in the community's strong network of parks, historic sites, and trails throughout the city.
A century after people began to call the area Raytown, residents acted to legally incorporate the city on July 17, 1950.
They mobilized in response to Kansas City's annexation of surrounding towns and began signing petitions to remain a distinct locality from Kansas City, showing the same streak of local pride, fierce autonomy, and initiative that still embodies Raytown and its residents 75 years later.
Raytown's community has changed substantially since its advent, from the city's agrarian roots to a suburban business hub.
The city began with a single store, a post office, and a doctor's office, but currently hosts over 2,500 businesses, a testament to how the city has expanded over the years.
Its proximity to Kansas City and small-town charm makes it appealing to city commuters looking for a slower pace to life.
Just over 30,000 residents call Raytown home, truly making it a small city with huge opportunity.
Raytown's residents can enjoy a thriving community that offers a wide variety of amenities.
Visitors stop by to enjoy Raytown's rich history, including the Rice-Tremonti Home and Cave Spring--both former campsites for wagon trains--as well as the Santa Fe, Oregon, and California Trail crossings.
Raytown's welcoming atmosphere and small-town feel exemplify the values of Missouri's 5th District, and the city's recent revitalization efforts come just in time for our district to welcome thousands of international visitors next year for the 2026 World Cup.
As Raytown prepares, I am sure that visitors will experience the same hospitality that I know so well.
On behalf of Missouri's Fifth Congressional District, I congratulate Raytown on its 75th Anniversary of incorporation and may its community enjoy many more years of prosperity and fellowship.