The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 11 June.
Mr Speaker, may I first wish you a happy birthday for yesterday, and say that we are all delighted that Sir Billy Boston—a great British sporting icon—has received his richly deserved knighthood?
It is long overdue, if I may say so, for him but also for rugby league.
This is Carers Week, and I know that the whole House will join me in celebrating the selfless dedication of our unpaid and young carers.
This weekend also  marks the eighth anniversary of the Grenfell Tower fire.
We will honour the 72 men, women and children who lost their lives by delivering meaningful and lasting change—a country with safe and secure homes for everyone, where justice is done for the Grenfell community.
Acting alongside our allies, we have sanctioned individuals responsible for inciting appalling settler violence and expansion.
We have done that to uphold human rights and defend the prospect of a two-state solution.
We will continue to support all efforts to secure a ceasefire, the release of all hostages—despicably held by Hamas—and the humanitarian aid that needs to surge in.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.
My constituent Mr Michael O’Leary was brutally murdered five years ago, and his body was desecrated.
Working alongside the hon.
Members for York Outer (Mr Charters) and for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden), I have made a number of requests to discuss the case of Mr O’Leary, and those of other victims, with Ministers and to explore introducing legislation to make the desecration of a body a criminal offence.
Will the Prime Minister meet Mr O’Leary’s family and the families of other victims, including April Jones of Machynlleth, Sarah Everard and Helen McCourt, to hear why they are calling for the introduction of a new criminal offence of desecrating a body?