The Prime Minister and Members across the House will have witnessed the spectacular victory for Davy Russell and Scottish Labour at the Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse by-election.
My constituents are sick of SNP failure and they voted for change: change for their NHS, for their schools and for Scotland.
Has the Prime Minister seen the calls from within the SNP for John Swinney to resign?
Does he agree with me that a leader who has only ever lost elections to the Labour party should stay put?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the role that she and others played in seeing Davy Russell elected.
He will be a dedicated champion for his and her constituents.
After nearly two decades in power,  the SNP got its verdict last Thursday: Scotland wants change.
People know that the SNP is completely out of ideas.
That is why they want a Labour Government to deliver real change.
My driving purpose since I became Chancellor is to make working people in all parts of our country better off, to rebuild our schools and our hospitals, and to invest in our economy so that everyone has the opportunity to succeed after 14 years of mismanagement and decline by the party opposite, culminating in a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
That was the Conservatives’ legacy, and the first job I faced as Chancellor was to set it right.
So at the Budget last October and again in the spring, I made the choices necessary to fix the foundations of our economy.
We wasted no time in removing the barriers to growth: the biggest overhaul of our planning system in a generation; launching Britain’s first National Wealth Fund; and reforming our pensions system to unlock billions of pounds of investment into our economy.
We are starting to see the results.
The stability we have provided has helped support four cuts in interest rates, saving hundreds of pounds a year for families with a mortgage.
Real wages have grown by more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than in the first 10 years of the Conservative Government.
And the latest figures show that we are the fastest growing economy in the G7.
Countries around the world are lining up to do business with Britain again, with new trade deals with India, the United States and the European Union.
We are renewing Britain, but I know that too many people in too many parts of our country are yet to feel it.
This Government’s task, my task as Chancellor, and the purpose of this spending review is to change that—to ensure that renewal is felt in people’s everyday lives, in their jobs, and on their high streets.
The priorities of this spending review are the priorities of working people: to invest in Britain’s security and Britain’s health and to grow Britain’s economy so that working people are better off.
Today, I am allocating the envelope I set out in the spring.
I am enormously grateful to my excellent team of officials at the Treasury and to my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his tireless work throughout this process, crunching the numbers and looking at the assets and liabilities.
On that note, I thank all my Cabinet colleagues for their contribution to this process—they are all assets to this Labour Government.
In this spending review, total departmental budgets will grow by 2.3% a year in real terms.
Compare that to the Conservatives’ choice of austerity.
In contrast to our increase of 2.3%, they cut spending by 2.9% a year in 2010.
Let us be clear: austerity was a destructive choice for both the fabric of our society and our economy, choking off investment and demand and creating a lost decade for growth, wages and living standards.
That is their legacy.
My choices are different.
My choices are Labour choices—the choices in this spending review that are possible only because of my commitment to economic stability and the decisions this Government have made.
The Conservatives’ fiscal rules guaranteed neither stability nor investment, and that is why I changed them.
My fiscal rules are non-negotiable, and they are the foundation for stability and investment.
My first rule is for stability: day-to-day Government spending should be paid for through tax receipts.
That is the sound economic choice.
It also the fair choice, because it is not right to expect our children and future generations to pay for the services we rely on today.
This first rule allows me, as I set out in the Budget, to allocate £190 billion more to the day-to-day running of our public services over the course of this spending review compared with the previous Government’s plans.
My second fiscal rule enables me to invest in Britain’s economic renewal while getting public debt on a downward path.
This rule allowed me to increase public investment by more than £100 billion in the autumn and a further £13 billion in the spring.
That is investment to rebuild our transport networks, our defence capability and our energy security—in short, to grow our economy.
I have made my choices: tough decisions for stability and changing Britain’s fiscal rules for investment.
Today, I am delivering that investment for the renewal of Britain.
Now, it is time for the parties opposite to make their choices.
The spending plans I am setting out today are possible only because of the decisions I took in the autumn to raise taxes and the changes to our fiscal rules, every one of which was opposed by the parties opposite.
Today, they can make an honest choice and oppose these spending plans as they opposed every penny I raised to fund them, or they can make the same choice as Liz Truss: spend more and borrow more, with no regard for the consequences.
In their clamour to cut taxes for the richest, the Conservatives crashed our economy, sent mortgage rates spiralling and put our pensions in peril.
I will never take those risks.
Yet Reform is itching to do the same thing all over again.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  may be playing the friend of the workers now, but some of us are old enough to remember when he described the disastrous Liz Truss Budget as “the best Conservative Budget” since the 1980s.
[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, after the damage is done, he still nods along.
Reform has learned nothing.
His party has been in Parliament for less than a year, yet it has already racked up £80 billion of unfunded commitments.
Reform is simply not serious.
Every day it becomes clearer that it is Labour—and only Labour—that has a credible plan for the renewal of Britain.
As I said in my spring statement, the world is changing before our eyes.
Since the spring, the challenges that we face have become even more acute.
The signs of our age of insecurity are everywhere, so we are acting on the promise in our plan for change: building renewal on the foundations of national security, border security and economic security.
As the Prime Minister said earlier this month, “A new era in the threats that we face demands a new era for defence and security.”
That is why we took the decision to prioritise our defence spending by reducing overseas development aid.
Defence spending will now rise to 2.6% of GDP by April 2027, including the contribution of our intelligence agencies.
That uplift provides funding for my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary, with an £11 billion increase in defence spending and a £600 million uplift for our security and intelligence agencies.
That investment will deliver not only security, but renewal in Aldermaston and Lincoln; in Portsmouth and Filton; on the Clyde and in Rosyth.
Investment in Scotland, jobs in Scotland,  and defence for the United Kingdom—opposed by the Scottish National party; delivered by this Labour Government.
Investing in our armed forces, our military technology and our supply chains also brings huge opportunities: £4.5 billion of investment in munitions, made in factories from Glasgow to Glascoed, Stevenage to Radway Green; and over £6 billion to upgrade our nuclear submarine production, supporting thousands of jobs across Barrow, Derby and Sheffield.
We will make Britain a defence industrial superpower, with the jobs, the skills and the pride that come with that.
A more unstable world presents new challenges at our borders too.
Conflict has opened the way for organised criminal gangs.
The British people rightly expect us to have control of who comes into our country.
The Conservatives said that they would “take back control”.
Well, Mr Speaker, they lost control.
With one failed policy after another, there was no control and no security.
In contrast, in the Budget last year I announced £150 million to establish the new Border Security Command, and today, to support the integrity of our borders, I can announce that that funding will increase, with up to £280 million more per year by the end of the spending review period for our new Border Security Command.
Alongside that, we are tackling the asylum backlog.
The Conservative party left behind a broken system: billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money spent on housing asylum seekers in hotels, leaving people in limbo and shunting the cost of failure on to local communities.
We will not let that stand.
I can confirm today that, led by the work of my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary, we will be ending the costly use of hotels to house asylum seekers in this Parliament.
Funding that I have provided today, including from the transformation fund, will cut the asylum backlog; allow more appeal cases to be heard; and return people who have no right to be here, saving the taxpayer £1 billion per year.
That is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
If we want national security in a dangerous world, that does not stop at the strength of our armed forces or at our borders.
I have long spoken about what I call “securonomics”—the basic insight that, in an age of insecurity, Government must step up to provide security for working people and resilience for our national economy.
Put simply: where things are made, and who makes them, matters.
Take energy: the Tories neglected our nuclear and renewables sectors and closed our gas storage facilities, leaving us exposed to hikes in energy prices when Russia invaded Ukraine, and it was working people who paid the price for their mistakes.
Labour understands that energy security is national security.
Because it is the right choice for bills, jobs and growth, this Government are investing in the biggest roll-out of nuclear power for half a century, with a £30 billion commitment to our nuclear-powered future.
Yesterday my right hon.
Friend the Energy Secretary and I announced £14 billion for Sizewell C, which will produce energy to power 6 million homes and support more than 10,000 jobs, including 1,500 apprenticeships, in order to build the nuclear workforce of tomorrow.
That is not all.
We are investing over £2.5 billion in a  new small modular reactor programme.
Our preferred partner is Rolls-Royce—a great British company based in Derby.
This investment is just one step towards our ambition for a full fleet of small modular reactors, and it provides a route for private sector-led advanced modular reactor projects to be deployed across the UK.
Alongside these actions, we are making nuclear-approved land available in Sellafield to attract private investment and create thousands more jobs.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for his work in this area.
To strengthen Britain’s position at the forefront of a global race for new nuclear technologies—a cause championed by Mayor of the East Midlands Claire Ward and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bassetlaw (Jo White) —and to support pioneering work taking place in West Burton in Nottinghamshire, we are investing over £2.5 billion in our nuclear future.
To back British industries, pioneering work in carbon capture, usage and storage will take place.
Last year we announced funding for two sites, one on Merseyside and one in Teesside, where we are building the world’s first commercial-scale CCUS plant.
Today I can announce support for the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire to support Scotland’s transition from oil and gas to low-carbon technology—a challenge and an opportunity well understood by the leader of Scottish Labour Anas Sarwar and my right hon.
Friend the Scotland Secretary.
We are also backing the Viking project in Humberside—a cause long supported by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) .
Because I am determined to ensure that the energy technologies of the future are built here and owned here and that jobs come to Britain, this spending review invests in the wholly publicly owned Great British Energy, headquartered in Scotland.
These investments will ensure that the towns and cities that powered the last industrial revolution play their part in our next industrial revolution.
Reducing our reliance on overseas oil and gas, protecting working families from price shocks, and a new generation of energy industries for a renewed Britain—that is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
Economic security relies on our ability to buy, make and sell more here in Britain.
In April, this Government faced a choice: to let British Steel in Scunthorpe go under or to intervene.
[Interruption.]
That choice was a choice not of the metal trader but of this Labour Government.
We heard representations from workers, trade unions and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) .
My right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary and I were not prepared to tolerate a situation in which Britain’s steel capacity was fatally undermined.
We were not prepared to see another working-class community lose the pride, prosperity and dignity that industry provides, so we did intervene to save British Steel and the jobs that come with it, and I am proud of that decision.
The Government will invest in Scunthorpe’s long-term future and the future of steelworks across our great country.
In a vote of confidence in our home-grown steel, Heathrow airport, where we are backing London by backing a third runway, has signed the UK steel charter—a multibillion-pound airport expansion backed by Labour and built with British steel.
Building our train and tram lines, our military hardware and our new power stations will mean orders for steel made in Britain at Sheffield Forgemasters, where we are investing in nuclear-grade steel, and in Port Talbot, where the spending review confirms the £500 million grant to Tata Steel.
A future for British-made steel and a proud future for Britain’s steel communities.
Things built to last, built here in Britain—that is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
This Labour Government are backing British business.
There will be more to come in the weeks ahead with our 10-year infrastructure strategy and our modern industrial strategy: a plan drawn up in partnership with businesses and trade unions.
When I speak to businesspeople and entrepreneurs about what they need to succeed, they say that they need the chance to innovate, they need access to finance and they need a deep pool of talent.
We have heard that message, and today we are taking action.
First, on innovation, which is a great British strength.
Our universities are world-leading, and we are proud of them.
We want our high-tech industries in Britain to continue to lead the world in years to come in car production, in aerospace and in life sciences, so we are backing our innovators, backing our researchers and backing our entrepreneurs with research and development funding rising to a record high of £22 billion a year by the end of the spending review.
Because home-grown artificial intelligence has the potential to solve diverse and daunting challenges, as well as the opportunity for good jobs and investment here in Britain, I am announcing £2 billion to back the Government’s AI action plan overseen by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
Secondly, to champion those small businesses seeking access to finance as they look to grow, I am increasing the financial firepower of the British Business Bank with a two thirds increase in its investments, increasing its overall financial capacity to £25.6 billion to help pioneering businesses to start up and scale up, backing Britain’s entrepreneurs and backing Britain’s wealth creators.
Thirdly, as we invest, if we are to thrive in the industries of the future, we must give our young people the skills they need to contribute to our national success as scientists, engineers and designers, and as builders, welders and electricians.
I know the ambition, the drive and the potential of our young people; it cannot be right that too often those ambitions and that potential are stifled.
Young people who want training find courses are oversubscribed and are turned away at the door, forcing growing businesses, eager to recruit that talent, to look elsewhere—potential wasted and enterprise frustrated.
So today I am providing record investment for training and upskilling with £1.2 billion a year by the end of the spending review to support over a million young people into training and apprenticeships so that their potential, their drive and their ambition is frustrated no longer.
On the subject of skills, we should all recognise the Leader of the Opposition’s own commitment to lifelong learning.
At the weekend, she promised to learn and “get better” on the job.
I am sure that Opposition Members will be supporting her in that endeavour.
Good luck with that.
As we build a strong, secure and resilient economy, working people must feel the benefits.
That starts with the security of a proper home.
Our planning reforms have opened up the opportunity to build.
Now, we must act to make the most of those opportunities, and a plan to match the scale of the housing crisis must include social housing, which has been neglected for too many decades, but not by this Labour Government.
So, led by my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister, we are taking action.
I am proud to announce the biggest cash injection into social and affordable housing in 50 years with a new affordable homes programme in which I am investing £39 billion over the next decade—direct Government funding that will support house building, especially for social rent.
I am pleased to report that towns and cities including Blackpool, Preston, Sheffield and Swindon already have plans to bring forward bids to build those homes in their communities.
I have gone further.
Last autumn, I enabled greater use of financial transactions to support investments in our infrastructure alongside strict guardrails that ensure that money is spent wisely through our public financial institutions.
So, in line with that commitment, I am providing an additional £10 billion for financial investments, including to be delivered through Homes England, to crowd in private investment and unlock hundreds of thousands more homes.
Homes built by a Labour Government; homes built for working people.
But it is no good investing in new skills, new jobs and new homes if they are not properly connected.
That is why last week, with the support of my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary, I announced £15 billion of investment to connect our cities and our towns—the biggest ever investment of its kind—with investments in buses in Rochdale, train stations in Merseyside and Middlesbrough, mass transit in West Yorkshire and metro extensions in Birmingham, Tyne and Wear and Stockport.
Alongside that, we are backing Doncaster airport.
Today, I am announcing a four-year settlement for Transport for London to provide certainty and stability for our largest local transport network to plan for the future.
For other regions in the UK, I am today providing for a fourfold increase in local transport grants by the end of this Parliament to make the improvements put off for far too long, to improve the journeys that people make every day.
To unlock the potential of all parts of Britain, we are going further by investing in major rail projects to connect our towns and cities.
In October, I announced funding for the trans-Pennine route upgrade—the backbone of rail travel in the north, linking York, Leeds and Manchester—with a quarter of that route expected to be electrified by this summer.
I know the commitment of my hon.
Friends the Members for Huddersfield (Harpreet Uppal), for York Outer (Mr Charters) and for Colne Valley (Paul Davies) to this issue, and today I can announce a further £3.5 billion of investment for that route.
But my ambition, and the ambition of people across the north, is greater still, so in the coming weeks I will set out the Government’s plan to take forward our ambitions for Northern Powerhouse Rail.
I have also heard the representations of my hon.
Friends the Members for Milton Keynes North (Chris Curtis), for Milton Keynes Central (Emily Darlington), and for Buckingham and Bletchley (Callum Anderson), and I can tell the House today that to connect Oxford  and Cambridge and to back Milton Keynes’s leading tech sector I am providing a further £2.5 billion for the continued delivery of East West Rail.
On a matter that I know is of great importance to my hon.
Friends the Members for Lichfield (Dave Robertson), for Birmingham Northfield (Laurence Turner) and for Birmingham Erdington (Paulette Hamilton), I can announce today that I am providing funding for the midlands rail hub: the region’s biggest and most ambitious rail improvement scheme for generations, strengthening connections from Birmingham across the west midlands and into Wales, too.
For 14 years, the Conservatives failed the people of Wales.
Those days are over.
Following representations from my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Wales, the First Minister of Wales, and Welsh Labour MPs, today I am pleased to announce £445 million for railways in Wales over 10 years, including new funding for Padeswood sidings and Cardiff West junction.
That is the difference made by two Labour Governments, working together to undo a generation of underfunding and neglect.
This Government take seriously their commitment to investment, jobs and growth in every part of the UK.
I have heard the concerns of my hon.
Friends the Members for Mid Cheshire (Andrew Cooper), and for Rossendale and Darwen (Andy MacNae), and the Mayor of the Liverpool City Region, Steve Rotheram, that past Governments have under-invested in towns and cities outside London and the south-east.
They are right, so today I am publishing the conclusion of the review of the Treasury Green Book, which is the Government’s manual for assessing value for money.
Our new Green Book will support place-based business cases, and make sure that no region has Treasury guidance wielded against it.
I said that we would do things differently, and that we wanted growth in all parts of Britain, and I meant it.
Backing our nations and regions means backing our devolved Governments, and this spending review provides the largest settlement in real terms since devolution was introduced, with £52 billion for Scotland, £20 billion for Northern Ireland by the end of the spending review period, and £23 billion for Wales.
Having heard representations from many Welsh Labour colleagues, and because I know the obligation that we owe to our industrial communities, I am providing a multi-year settlement of £118 million to keep coal tips safe in Wales.
I know what pride people feel in their communities—I see it everywhere I go—but I also know that, for too many people, there is a sense that something has been lost as high streets have declined, community spaces have closed, and jobs and opportunity have gone elsewhere.
The renewal of Britain must be felt everywhere.
Today I am pleased to announce additional funding to support up to 350 communities, especially those in the most deprived areas—funding to improve parks, youth facilities, swimming pools and libraries, and to support councils in fighting back against graffiti and fly-tipping, including in Blackpool South, Stockport, Stoke-on-Trent Central, Swindon North, and Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend.
And there is more.
Job creation and community assets are vital to our growth mission, but too often, regeneration projects are held back, gathering dust in bureaucratic limbo.
We are changing that.
We will establish a growth mission fund to expedite local projects that are important for growth—projects such as Southport pier, an iconic symbol of coastal heritage that has stood empty since 2022; Kirkcaldy’s seafront and high street, where investment would create jobs and new business opportunities; and plans for Peterborough’s new sports quarter, to drive activity and community cohesion.
People deserve a Government who share their ambition for their communities, and who deliver renewal, growth, and opportunity, and that is what you get with a Labour Government.
If people are to feel pride in their community, enjoy their public spaces, and spend time on their high streets, they must feel safe when they do so—safe in the knowledge that when people break the law, they feel the full force of the law.
The Conservative party left our prisons overflowing and on the brink of collapse, and left it to us to deal with the consequences.
We are taking the necessary action, so my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary and I have announced that we are investing £7 billion to fund 14,000 new prison places, and putting up to £700 million per year into reform of the probation system.
Today, I will do more.
I am increasing police spending power by an average 2.3% per year in real terms over the spending review period, to protect our people, our homes and our streets.
That is more than £2 billion, supporting us to meet our plan for change commitment of putting 13,000 additional police officers, police community support officers and special constables into neighbourhood policing roles across England and Wales.
I am determined that every family, as well as every place, should feel the benefits of Britain’s renewal.
Falling interest rates, supported by our commitment to economic stability, are already saving many families hundreds of pounds a month on their mortgage.
I have accepted pay review body recommendations for our armed forces, nurses, teachers and prison officers, giving public sector workers the fair pay rises that they deserve.
In autumn, I increased the national living wage—a pay rise for around 3 million hard-working people.
This Government are doing more: we are banning exploitative zero-hours contracts, strengthening statutory sick pay, and ending the use of unscrupulous fire-and-rehire practices.
Those are my choices; those are Labour choices.
I know that for many people the cost of living remains a constant challenge.
That is why we are capping the cost of school uniforms.
I can tell the House today that I am extending the £3 bus fare cap until at least March 2027.
Earlier this week, we announced that over three quarters of pensioners will receive the winter fuel payment this year.
And there is more: to get bills down, not just this winter but in winters to come, we have expanded the warm homes plan to support thousands more of the UK’s poorest households.
That includes providing £7 million to homes in Bradford, £11 million to homes in Rugby, and £30 million to homes in Blackpool.
Today I can announce that I will deliver in full our manifesto commitment to upgrading millions of homes, saving families and pensioners across the country up to £600 off their bills, each and every year.
I am determined to do everything in my power to put more money in people’s  pockets, to give people security and control in their lives, to make working people better off, and to show them that this Labour Government are on their side.
Taxpayers work hard for their money, and they expect their Government to spend their money with care.
For the first time in 18 years, this Government have run a zero-based review, and made a line-by-line assessment of what the Government spend—something that the Tories did not bother to do in 14 years.
As a result of that work, and our wider drive for efficiencies, led by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, in this spending review I have found savings from the closure and sale of Government buildings and land, from cutting back office costs, and from reducing consultancy spend—all of which the previous Government failed to do.
Those reforms will make public services more efficient, more productive, and more focused on the user.
I have been relentless in driving out inefficiencies, and I will be relentless in cutting out waste, with every single penny reinvested in our public services.
I joined the Labour party almost 30 years ago because I knew, growing up, that the Conservative party did not care much about schools like mine, or the kids I grew up with.
I joined because I believed that every young person should have an equal chance to succeed, no matter where they come from or what their parents do.
I believe that just as strongly today as I did then.
That is why, at the Budget last autumn, I ended the tax loophole that exempted private schools from VAT and business rates.
I put that money where it belongs: into helping the 93% of children in our state schools.
The Conservatives opposed money for their local state schools, but I will always prioritise those schools.
That was my choice; that is the Labour choice.
Because of decisions that we made in this spending review, last week, this Government, working with my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary, announced that free school meals will be extended to over half a million more children.
That policy alone will lift 100,000 children out of poverty—children in schools from Tower Hamlets to Sunderland, and from Swansea to Bridgend.
Last year, at the Labour party conference, I was proud to announce the first steps in our plan to deliver breakfast clubs for every child, with an initial roll-out to the first 750 schools.
We will continue with that national roll-out as part of our manifesto commitment, so that no child goes hungry, and every child can have the best chance of thriving and succeeding.
I know that a good start in life does not start at school, so I can also announce £370 million for school-based nurseries, to put us firmly on track to meet our plan for change commitment to a record number of children being school-ready.
On children’s social care, to break the dangerous cycle of late intervention and low-quality care, I am providing £555 million of transformation funding over the spending review period, so that children do not needlessly go into care when they could stay at home, and so that, where state intervention is necessary, there is better care, and there are better outcomes.
Last week, I was pleased to announce, with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, that more than £130 million from the dormant assets scheme, run with the financial services sector, will be allocated to funding facilities for our young people, to give every child the chance to take part in music, sport and drama, and to fund libraries in our schools,  so that the confidence and opportunities that those resources open up are no longer the preserve of the privileged few.
Those are my choices, those are Labour choices, and those are the choices of the British people.
Overall, I am providing a cash uplift of over £4.5 billion a year in additional funding for the core schools budget by the end of the spending review, backing our teachers and our kids.
People who went to ordinary comprehensives in the ’80s and ’90s are all too familiar with the experience of being taught in temporary classrooms.
The previous Conservative Government oversaw another generation of kids being herded into cold and damp buildings as school roofs literally crumbled.
It was not acceptable when I was at school, and it is not acceptable now.
I am therefore providing investment, rising to nearly £2.3 billion per year, to fix our crumbling classrooms, in addition to £2.4 billion per year to continue our programme to rebuild 500 schools, including Chace community school in Enfield, Woodkirk academy in Leeds and Budmouth academy in Weymouth.
Investing in our young people, investing in Britain’s future and investing in opportunity for all: that is Labour’s choice.
Finally, let me turn—[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] I knew they would cheer.
Let me turn to our national health service.
It is our most treasured public service, and people rightly expect an NHS that is there when they need it; that an ambulance will come when they call one; that a GP appointment will be available when they need one; and that a scan will be performed when they are referred for one.
I am hugely grateful to our nurses, our doctors, our paramedics and other healthcare professionals for everything that they do.
If we want a strong economy where working people can fulfil their potential, we must have a strong NHS—not, as the Reform party have called for, an insurance-based system.
We believe in a publicly funded national health service, free at the point of use.
Perhaps the hon.
Member for Clacton should spend more time focusing on the priorities of the British people, and less time in the Westminster Arms—although, after this week, perhaps the Two Chairmen pub might be a better fit.
At the Budget, I took the decisions necessary to provide an immediate injection of funding to get the NHS back on its feet.
I commend my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary for all the progress that he has already made.
In less than a year, this Government have recruited 1,700 new GPs, delivered 3.5 million extra appointments and cut waiting lists by more than 200,000.
Fixing our NHS also means delivering fundamental reform across social care, so we are backing the first ever fair pay agreement for that sector.
I am also increasing the NHS technology budget by almost 50%, and we are investing £10 billion to bring our analogue health system into the digital age, including through the NHS app, so patients can manage their prescriptions, get their test results and book appointments all in one place.
We are shifting care back to the community and providing more funding to support the training of thousands more GPs to deliver millions more appointments.
We are investing more in prevention, to meet our manifesto commitment of providing mental health support teams in all schools in England by the end of this Parliament.
Those investments will enable the delivery of our upcoming 10-year plan for health and will put the NHS firmly back on the path to renewal.
To support that plan, to back the doctors and nurses we rely on, and to make sure that the NHS is there whenever we need it, I am proud to announce today that this Labour Government are making a record cash investment in our national health service, increasing real-terms, day-to-day spending by 3% per year for every single year of this spending review—an extra £29 billion per year for the day-to-day running of our health service.
That is what the British people voted for and that is what we will deliver: more appointments, more doctors and more scanners.
The national health service: created by a Labour Government, protected by a Labour Government and renewed by this Labour Government.
This is a spending review to deliver the priorities of the British people: security, with a strong Britain in a changing world; economic growth, powered by investment and opportunity in every part of Britain; and our nation’s health, with an NHS fit for the future.
I have made my choices.
In place of chaos, I choose stability; in place of decline, I choose investment; and in place of pessimism, division and defeatism, I choose national renewal.
These are my choices, these are Labour choices, and these are the choices of the British people.
I commend this statement to the House.