Given how precarious global affairs are, Conservatives believe that defence, and defence jobs, should be a No. 1 priority for the Labour-controlled Wales Office.
Major defence companies, such as General Dynamics in Merthyr and Caerphilly, and Tekever in Ceredigion, among others, await answers.
Plaid wants to break up the cherished Union, withdraw Wales’s full membership from NATO and surrender our nuclear defence system.
Is the Minister seriously concerned about that, and if so, will she rule out her Labour Senedd colleagues ever forming a coalition with the nationalists in an expanded Cardiff Bay?
I am sure I do not need to remind the hon.
Lady that defence is a reserved matter.
Those decisions will be taken in this UK Parliament, and it is up to the Welsh Senedd how it forms a Government following the elections next year.
What steps she is taking to strengthen Wales’s place in the Union.
We have transformed the relationship with the Welsh Government, and our two Labour Governments are delivering on the priorities of the people of Wales.
Together we have delivered a record-breaking budget settlement for the Welsh Government; NHS waiting lists have fallen for four months in a row; tens of thousands of new jobs have been secured through inward investment; and pay rises are helping people across Wales, following the record increases to the national and living wage.
Diolch yn fawr.
Welsh Labour has been in power in Cardiff Bay for 26 years.
In that time, Wales has fallen further and further behind its nearest neighbour in the Union in almost every key devolved area.
Welsh household incomes are lower than in England; Welsh employment rates are lower than in England; and Welsh life expectancy is lower than in England.
Is the Secretary of State proud of her party’s record in Wales?
Actually, the positive impact that our UK and Welsh Labour Governments are having is clear in how the Welsh economy is changing.
Employment has increased significantly in Wales, unemployment and economic inactivity have fallen, and real total wages have increased right across the UK.
The safety and maintenance of coal tips is a totemic issue in Wales, including in my constituency of Cardiff West.
The relationship between the Welsh Government and this Labour Government, and the funding for coal tips in the last Budget, signify the importance of the union between our two Governments.
Can the Secretary of State tell me why, when given the opportunity to vote on this issue in the Senedd in March, Plaid Cymru voted against coal tip funding?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Ensuring that coal tips across Wales remain safe is of the utmost importance and, unlike the Conservative Government, we committed £25 million of funding this year for essential work to keep tips maintained and safe.
Quite why Plaid Cymru and the Conservatives voted against that additional funding in the Senedd is beyond me.
They need to explain that to our former coalmining communities.