With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, I will briefly pay tribute to the Police Service of Northern Ireland for tackling the public disorder in Northern Ireland over the last two nights, with over 30 police officers injured.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in that, and in condemning the racist violence.
Whether it is the cardiac scandal at the Royal Victoria hospital in Belfast, the cervical smear scandal at the Southern trust, the covid bereaved families or the crash of Chinook ZD576, all of which have impacted my constituents in Lagan Valley, the common thread here is that families simply wanted the truth, but they were let down by institutions at every cut and turn.
Will this Government urgently introduce a duty of candour Bill, and ensure that it reflects what the “Hillsborough Law Now” campaigners and families have fought so very hard for?
May I start with the important point that the hon.
Lady makes about Ballymena?
I utterly condemn the violence that we saw overnight in Ballymena and other parts of Northern Ireland, including against PSNI officers.
It is absolutely vital that the PSNI is given the time it needs to investigate the incidents concerned, rather than face mindless attacks as it seeks to bring peace and order to keep people safe.
The Northern Ireland Secretary is in touch with the PSNI and the Executive, and I am being kept updated in relation to that.
In relation to the tragic cases that the hon.
Lady mentions, I thank her for raising them.
It is important that we have a legal duty of candour and we will be introducing that, because, as she says, there must be the truth here, based on all people being dealt with on the basis of dignity, fairness and accountability.
In the words of the former Israeli Prime Minister, what we are witnessing in Gaza is the “indiscriminate, limitless, cruel and criminal killing of civilians.”
More than 50,000 people have been killed, and children have been shot while queuing for bread.
A growing number of genocide scholars, including leading Israeli academics, believe that a genocide is taking place.
Under international law, we have a duty to prevent genocide.
I served on the UN mission in Kosovo.
We acted to stop mass killing there.
What is the difference now?
Will the  Prime Minister please intervene immediately to alleviate human suffering, and take steps to recognise the state of Palestine?
My hon.
Friend will have seen the statement we made yesterday and the actions that we are taking with allies.
The humanitarian situation is dreadful and distressing, and the scenes that we have witnessed outside aid distribution centres are frankly heartbreaking.
More aid into Gaza is needed at volume and speed, and Israel’s plan for aid delivery is inadequate and insufficient.
What is needed is for the UN and other agencies to deliver that aid according to well-established mechanisms, and Israel must allow this.
We are working with allies to do all that we can to make this happen, as well as to get the hostages out—they have been held for a very long time—and a desperately needed return to a ceasefire.
There are significant concerns regarding the potential job losses at Spirit AeroSystems that stem from the deal with Airbus.
Will the Prime Minister intervene to bring all the main players—the unions, the Business Secretary and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland—around the table to ensure that these jobs are protected, especially considering that the scale of the issue is akin to the challenges faced by British Steel?
There is also an issue for Northern Ireland businesses with the outworkings of the Northern Ireland protocol and the Windsor framework.
Can the Prime Minister give me reassurances that he is working to resolve all those issues?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this important case of Spirit AeroSystems in Northern Ireland.
I know how important it is for the workforce; I have visited them myself on more than one occasion.
Airbus’s decision to expand UK operations is good news for the sector and testament to world-class manufacturing expertise, and I want to see those high-skilled jobs protected.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has met Airbus, the trade unions and Assembly representatives to discuss the best outcome.
The Minister for Industry is continuing engagement with stakeholders, and we will do everything we can in relation to this situation.
I am grateful to him for raising it.
Will the Prime Minister join me in condemning decisions taken by the Transport Minister of the previous Government, who turned their back on promises to deliver a new train station at Beam Park, which derailed growth in my constituency of Dagenham and Rainham?
Will he also agree that the Grampian condition on the Beam Park development must be honoured, and that infrastructure must accompany all developments of scale as we get on with the job of delivering millions of new homes?
I know my hon.
Friend has been fighting hard for this project for years, and she is right that the previous Government failed to deliver.
You could say that about anything they touched, Mr Speaker.
The Rail Minister is working with the Mayor and the Housing Minister to get an appropriate solution to unlock housing in the area.
We will also bring c2c back into public ownership, improving reliability and performance, and ensuring every penny is focused on better services.
It is a disaster.
I imagine when the right hon.
Member says “disaster”, he is referring to the last Government.
I have spoken to parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities who are not getting the support they need in school, but if, as a result, their child is out of school, they are left facing prosecution, fines or even prison time.
Punishing parents for the failings of a broken system is outrageous, so will the Prime Minister end this by backing Lords amendment 349A to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, and will he meet me to discuss this further?