Wales has a phenomenal tidal range, which promises green growth and industrial employment to Wales and beyond.
The Severn estuary commission has completed its recommendations, and tidal lagoons are ready to go.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking with other Cabinet colleagues to ensure that tidal plays a prominent role in the transition to clean energy?
The Government remain open to well-developed proposals for harnessing tidal range energy.
The National Energy System Operator has launched a research innovation project to model the impacts and value of tidal range.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that we expect the report from that work tomorrow, and will consider its findings.
More broadly, Wales has huge potential for green jobs.
In April, the Prime Minister announced a £300 million boost for Great British Energy to invest in offshore wind supply, and Wales is well placed to benefit from that.
Wales has an enormous role to play in the roll-out of green and clean energy, which will benefit all the residents of Wales and the UK.
What steps is the Minister taking to roll out this important work in Wales?
Wales has a huge role to play in our clean energy mission and has excellent resources and a skilled workforce.
We are supporting innovative renewable technologies, such as the tidal stream on Anglesey and floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, which has the potential to deliver up to 5,000 new jobs.
Diolch yn fawr, Mr Llefarydd.
Green energy deserves green transmission, so will the Minister commit to undergrounding any new electric transmission in Wales?
I commend the hon.
Member for her campaigning on this issue, but as I am sure she understands, the cost of undergrounding is significant.
We have said clearly that our position is that overhead lines should generally be the starting presumption, except for in nationally designated landscapes.
People of all ages welcome Wales’s role in making this country a clean energy superpower, but pensioners in particular had to go through last winter freezing cold, and tens of thousands went to A&E. Will the Minister, who we all know is a decent Labour Front Bencher, do what the Chancellor refused to do, and apologise to those pensioners who lost the winter fuel allowance when they needed it most?
I should just remind the House that we did maintain the triple lock, which gave pensioners a boost of over £400 this spring.
As the right hon.
Gentleman well knows, pensioners will again benefit from the winter fuel allowance.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to create new jobs in Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to create new jobs in Wales.
Since July, we have driven over £1.5 billion of private investment into Wales, delivering hundreds of jobs.
Last month, I was delighted to welcome Knauf Insulation’s new £170 million investment in Shotton.
Our Welsh freeports and investment zones will unlock further private investment and deliver tens of thousands of jobs across all four corners of Wales.
Last month, Lloyds Bank reported a significant increase in Welsh business confidence, and our industrial strategy will provide further confidence to invest in Wales.
This Labour Government are creating good, well-paid jobs across the whole of the UK, including in my Paisley and Renfrewshire South constituency.
Will the Secretary of State explain what she is doing, in collaboration with Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that those new jobs are well paid and have good terms and conditions?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the Labour Government’s record of creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs across the UK.
In Wales, we have two Labour Governments working together to create new jobs in our green industries, advanced manufacturing and more.
I hope that Scotland also gets to experience the benefit of two Labour Governments working in partnership when the Scottish National party is resigned to the wilderness at next year’s election.
The multibillion-pound deal to secure a new Universal theme park in Bedfordshire is a major example of the Government backing our crucial culture sector,  creating new jobs and boosting living standards for my constituents and the wider region.
What are the UK and Welsh Labour Governments doing to support the culture sector and create new jobs in Wales?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Many people in Wales will be looking forward to visiting the new Universal Studios theme park in her constituency.
In Wales, we are supporting a thriving creative industries sector, which our industrial strategy has rightly identified as providing more potential for huge economic growth in the years ahead.
We have confirmed £10 million to upgrade Venue Cymru in Conwy—the largest arts centre in Wales outside Cardiff—and £5 million to fund repair works to the Newport transporter bridge, both of which play a crucial role in the tourism economy.
The Welsh Government are also investing £12 million in the Elan valley lakes Project through the mid-Wales growth deal.
Job creation in Wales is vital, so what representations has the Secretary of State made on behalf of businesses in Wales and the rest of Great Britain, which are being forced not to supply businesses in Northern Ireland any more because of the outrageous and unnecessary parcel border in the Irish sea?
What is she doing to right the wrongs of the ongoing damage of the protocol and the Windsor framework to our Union and our economy?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government’s No. 1 mission is economic growth.
We are creating jobs all across the country, we are building the economy and we have fixed the foundations.
We will hear more from the Chancellor this afternoon on what will happen in the years ahead.