The Prime Minister loves talking about Liz Truss.
Why?
Because he wants to hide from his own economic record.
He is a coward.
Every time he stands at the Dispatch Box and talks about Liz Truss, it is because he is scared of talking about his record and what is happening to the economy out there.
Let us bring the Prime Minister back to the U-turn that he is running away from—a U-turn on a policy that his MPs went out defending time and again.
Let us go through what is happening here.
One minute, they said that it was right to take the winter fuel payment away, because there might be a run on the pound; the next  minute, they said it was right to give it back.
This is laughable.
The Prime Minister stands there, all puffed up and self-righteous.
Why can he not just admit that he made a mistake?
The Conservatives left a £22 billion black hole that we had to fill, and that is why we took the right decisions.
We have stabilised the economy, which is why we have seen four interest rate cuts.
We have committed to the triple lock, which the Opposition say is unsustainable—that is £470 for most pensioners—and we have had good quarter 1 growth.
Three weeks ago, I said that I wanted more pensioners to be eligible for the winter fuel payment.
I am really pleased that we set out the threshold and the certainty that is needed.
The right hon.
Lady says that I do not want to talk about our record, but what about three trade deals, record investment, free school meals, breakfast clubs, social and affordable housing, the defence review, Sizewell—we could go on all morning, but the Chancellor will say even more in a minute.
At the weekend, the right hon.
Lady said that she would be getting better in the role.
She could start by apologising for the Liz Truss Budget; that would be better.
I get better every week; the Prime Minister gets worse.
Last week—[Interruption.]
Order.
I say to the Member shouting that if you think that is a good look, let me tell you that it is a very bad look.
Think twice before you try to shout somebody down in that way.
I call Kemi Badenoch.
Last week, the Prime Minister had to get his lines from the Russian embassy.
I think we all know that he is getting worse, and what he does not want to talk about is how he is going to make the economy better.
That is what the people out there want to hear, and he has got no answers.
His trade deals have unravelled.
With the strategic defence review, everyone out there is asking where the money is coming from.
The fact is that he does not know how to balance the books.
The Chancellor says that the winter fuel payment U-turn will not be funded through higher borrowing, so will the Prime Minister admit that it will be funded by putting everybody’s taxes up?
I think the right hon.
Lady let slip on the Matt Forde programme the other day that she rehearses her fury for PMQs, so there was a very good rehearsal this morning, I think.
She asks what we are doing.
At the Budget, we put record investment in our NHS and our public services.
She comes every week to carp on about national insurance, but she does not stand there with the courage of her convictions and say that she will actually reverse it.
The reason she will not is because she will not stand up and say she is against the investment in the NHS.
She will not stand up and say she is against the investment in our public services.
We will all listen very carefully in just 20 minutes, when the Chancellor lays out more record investment, as to whether the Conservatives welcome it or whether they say they would not support it.
Every week I come here to tell the Prime Minister the truth.
The truth is that the economy is in a spiral because Labour—all of them—put up taxes, which cuts growth.
We all heard the Prime Minister.
He did not rule out tax rises, so the Government are going to have to put up taxes even more.
This is a spiral.
If that was not bad enough, this morning we heard that because of his terrible Chagos deal, Mauritius is scrapping income tax.
Why on earth should the British taxpayer pay £30 billion for tax cuts in Mauritius?
Diego Garcia is a vital intelligence and strategic capability, and it is absolutely clear that legal uncertainty would compromise it in very short order—that is why the Conservatives started the negotiations in relation to it—and no responsible Prime Minister would let that happen.
We have secured the base for the long term.
That has been welcomed by our allies—by the US, by NATO, and by Australia, New Zealand and India.
It has been opposed by our adversaries—by Russia, China and Iran.
In the second column, we add Reform following Putin, and the Tories following Reform.