The Prime Minister knows this has nothing to do with national security; it is his bad negotiating.
I have had the security briefings; it was a bad deal before, and it is still a bad deal.
In half an hour, the Chancellor is going to stand up and tell us that everything is fine, but the truth is that she has made bad choices—bad choices that mean higher inflation, bad choices that have led to lower growth, and bad choices that have meant that jobs have been lost every single month since Labour came into office.
That is hundreds of thousands of families who have lost their income in Stoke, Grangemouth and Luton.
Those are their constituencies and businesses across the country.
The Chancellor has lost all her headroom.
She has fallen out with the Cabinet.
She is making unfunded spending commitments, which she promised not to do.
Is the truth not that we have got the wrong Chancellor and the wrong priorities?
The wrong choice that they made was making the right hon.
Lady the Leader of the Opposition.
Belated birthday greetings to you, Mr Speaker.
It is wrong for any Labour Government to try to balance the books on the backs of disabled people, and no Labour Government should ever do it, but it is what the Prime Minister will ask the House to do in just a few weeks’ time.
Many of us will not be able to go along with that, because it will mean that people who need assistance to cut up their food, to wash themselves, to dress themselves and to go to the toilet will lose the personal independence payments that they currently receive—they will lose that vital support.
This week, the Prime Minister changed direction on winter fuel payments.
Will he do the same in relation to this matter, and drop these disability benefit cuts?
It is very important that we make the changes to our welfare system.
It is not working, and it needs reform.
I think everyone agrees with that.
It does not work for anyone.
We will do this on a principled basis, namely that those who can work should work, that those who want to work should be supported so that they can do so, and that we must protect those with the most severe disabilities who will never be able to work—and we are doing that by ending reassessments and paying a new premium.