The Secretary of State believes that it is not good policy that counts, but good vibes: the violent indifference that led  to a booming creative sector is no longer; the culture war is over; and we, the vanquished, submit ourselves for re-education along with the rest of the public.
The problem is that every DCMS sector tells us that they want more than vibes; they need decisions and they want a Budget that will deliver.
Can she tell us whether she is among the panicked Ministers who have written to the Chancellor about the Budget and their spending asks, and which has she listed as her priority?
I am not entirely sure what the “vibes” issue is, but I will say that I do not need to write to the Chancellor.
Unlike under the previous Government, we have a very close relationship and we tend to pick up the phone when discussions need to be had.
Alongside the Chancellor, the Secretary of State for Business and Trade and the Prime Minister, I was pleased this week to welcome £63 billion of investment into the UK to put creative industries at the heart of our economic strategy.
I spoke to some of the DCMS stakeholders who went to the investment summit, and they came away worried.
They see a Government who absolutely milk their stardust, but all they hear is new taxes, new employment regulations, other Departments riding roughshod over DCMS interests and delays to decisions.
Can the Secretary of State be specific?
When she says that she is “putting rocket boosters” under the creative industries, what does that mean in practice?
As I announced to the House last week, it means introducing an independent film tax credit, which the previous Government talked about for several months and did absolutely nothing about.
I have to say to the hon.
Lady that after the legacy that her Government left, which has brought our proud country to its knees, it takes some brass neck to stand at the Dispatch Box and criticise this Government.
We are fixing the problems that her Government created, and a little bit of humility might go a long way.
In March 1974, a Turkish Airlines jet crashed while flying from Paris to London.
More than 400 people were killed.
Among them were 19 members of the Bury St Edmunds rugby club.
It was the greatest disaster to befall the town in living memory.
This year, 60 cyclists cycled from Paris to Bury St Edmunds, raising £200,000 in their memory.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating these bold cyclists?