May I take the opportunity to pay tribute to the former Sports Minister Dame Tracey Crouch for her work leading the fan-led review of football governance?
The Government committed in the King’s Speech to the football governance Bill and we expect to introduce it shortly.
I associate myself with that tribute and thank the Secretary of State for her reply.
My constituency is the proud home of Reading football club, which managed to stay up last season against the odds but which has been the victim of financial mismanagement by absent owners.
We desperately need the Government’s football governance Bill, which will set up a regulator to safeguard clubs like Reading and prevent future abuses.
Will the Minister meet local fans and me to discuss what we can do to protect the club?
The Sports Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , will be absolutely delighted to do so.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang)  and to the three Reading MPs for their work to protect something that is so incredibly important to their town.
I know from my experience of the work we had to do to save Wigan Athletic that when a football club is under threat from mismanagement or poor ownership, it is absolutely devastating for the generations of fans for whom the club is part of their civic inheritance.
We look forward to introducing the football governance Bill without any further delay and to working with my hon.
Friend and colleagues to ensure that we introduce the strongest possible protections to put fans back at the heart of the game, where they belong.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle the harmful effects of gambling.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle the harmful effects of gambling.
The Government are committed to strengthening protections to ensure that people can continue to enjoy gambling as a pastime without the harms that can ensue from problem gambling.
We have a dedicated Minister for gambling, Baroness Twycross, who has met representatives across the industry and those affected by problem gambling to seek the widest range of views and ensure that the Government have a robust policy in place.
Many of us in this House have encountered harrowing stories from constituents of the devastating impact of gambling suicide.
The Gambling Commission estimates that 2.5% of the population meet the threshold to be categorised as suffering from problem gambling and in need of NHS treatment.
My constituency is considered a high-problem gambling area, which means that we have a high number of people who meet the threshold.
Are steps being taken to progress towards an independent statutory levy on the industry to fund the gambling treatment and independent information that so many people urgently need?
The Government are committed to reviewing all the available evidence and listening to the first-hand constituency experience of Members of Parliament such as my hon.
Friend.
That way, we can strike the right balance and ensure not only that the industry, which brings joy to many people, continues to thrive, but that we have the most robust protections in place to prevent problem gambling.
I will update the House soon on the Government’s strategy, and Baroness Twycross will be happy to discuss the issue with MPs on both sides of the House who have personal experience and evidence that we will want to consider.
I am sure that the Secretary of State will join me in praising local community groups, such as those in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock, that support people facing problems with gambling.
At a time when financial resources are limited, and with a black hole left by the Conservative Government, have the new Government considered the fiscal cost to society of gambling, and particularly online gambling, which has a higher risk of harm?
We are very aware of the issues that my hon.
Friend raises and would be pleased to discuss them with her, as part of ensuring that we have the most robust protections in place, particularly in relation to online gambling.
We are acutely aware of the problems that can ensue from gambling, but we also know that this is an industry that brings joy to many people.
For example, more than half of all adults have participated in some form of gambling over the past year.
We know that we must grasp this thorny issue, and we are committed to working with her and other colleagues to get it right.
The horseracing industry, which is a British success story, is dependent on income from responsible gambling.
I was glad to hear what the Secretary of State said about responsibly enjoying a flutter.
This is nothing like some of the problem gambling that we see online, and the proportion of bets on horseracing that are deemed to be problematic is comparable to the proportion of problematic users of  the national lottery.
What plans does she have to reform the betting levy and the affordability checks that have been in train for some time?
I should tell the House that the Tote is headquartered in my constituency of Wigan, which gives me an insight into the industry, which I have had a relationship with for many years.
There will be a debate on horseracing next Thursday in Westminster Hall.
This industry is worth £4 billion to the UK economy, so this Government certainly take it incredibly seriously.
Baroness Twycross is having discussions with representatives from across the industry, and I am sure that she would be delighted to discuss this with the hon.
Member as well.