Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to deliver my maiden speech in this important debate on international investment, the benefits of which will be felt right across all regions of our country.
I want to begin by paying tribute to my predecessor, Mark Eastwood.
He was a dedicated servant to his previous constituency of Dewsbury.
On behalf of myself and our community, I say thank you.
Being the Member for the area in which I grew up is truly the honour of my life.
I will forever be grateful to the people across Ossett and Denby Dale who put their faith in me to represent the area that I proudly call home.
I pay tribute to the Labour members across the constituency, especially stalwart member Robert Gosling, without whom I would not be standing here today.
I would also like to take the opportunity to thank my parents for their support, as well as my brother, who has always been there for me during some of the most challenging times.
I am delighted that they have travelled from Wakefield to be in the Public Gallery today.
Their own commitment to our community in their long careers of public service—working hard and talking straight—are principles that I hope to emulate here.
My mum is so committed to the north that this is her first ever trip to London—proof, were it ever needed, that us northerners only come south if somebody makes us.
I know many Members have already spoken about the beauty of their patches, but with respect, I must make the case for Ossett and Denby Dale.
Driving from Ossett towards the Wakefield rural villages and into  Denby Dale, the sky widens and the moors roll out before you.
On that drive, when I see the Emley Moor mast appear from the horizon, built taller than the Eiffel tower, I know I am home.
It is beautiful, it is Yorkshire
and it is the place that made me who I am today.
It is not just those moors and views that move me; it is also the people who call them home.
We are people of talent, community and, as good Yorkshire folk say, hard graft.
In fact, that beautiful landscape is the fruit of exactly that graft, of that talent.
You see it in the pits dug across the countryside that served to fuel and heat our nation.
You see it in the fields—ploughed, planted and grazed by countless generations to feed not just Yorkshire but the rest of the country.
You see it in the town markets, which have bustled with small traders, craftsmen and local farmers for generations.
That landscape is not just the cradle of talent, but a product of it.
Each town, each village has its own community, its own culture—all quietly, proudly distinct.
As well as hard work, these towns and villages are famous for their culture, their creativity and their heritage—home to brass bands, Morris dancers, maypoles and even a Doctor Who, but most importantly of all, the world’s greatest rugby league team, Wakefield Trinity.
Labour may be a party of the Union, but in West Yorkshire, when it comes to rugby, we watch the proper stuff and as you will know, Madam Deputy Speaker, that is league.
We are also home to Yorkshire Sculpture Park, with its Barbara Hepworths and Henry Moores, and the National Coal Mining Museum, which roots us in our proud history.
I am enthusiastic—sometimes maybe a little too enthusiastic—that my constituency contains so many wonderful pubs and brewers.
We have the ever expanding Ossett Brewery and our famous yearly festival, Ossett Beercart.
Just as we work hard and play hard, we also pie hard.
Indeed, for over 200 years, the people of Denby Dale have marked special occasions in the only way I think appropriate: by baking enormous pies to feed thousands —some even as long as 40 feet, with nine tonnes of filling and 200 pints of bitter.
That history and that culture must be championed.
It is Yorkshire culture; it is our culture.
But I refuse to talk about my community only in the past tense—about opportunities we used to have and industries we used to lead.
Indeed, I want my successors in this place to be celebrating the creativity and achievements of children being born in my constituency today.
Sadly, however, the Social Mobility Commission recently reported that many young people in Ossett and Denby Dale, and other post-industrial communities across our nation, face an uphill battle.
Growing up in a rural town, I know that feeling all too well: that the place you are from is overlooked—forgotten, even; that opportunities are few and far between; and that the only path to success in life is leaving your family, your friends, your home.
After briefly living in London in my twenties for work, I remember feeling like the token northerner with the funny accent.
I found myself having to speak eloquently so folk down here could actually understand me.
The only problem with that was that when I got back home, my friends and family would ask me why I was speaking so posh.
It actually made me feel quite lost.
Young people in Ossett and Denby Dale, and in towns and villages across our country, should not feel like they have to get out to get ahead—and yet so many of them do.
To talk solely about what was once possible in our community is to betray those young people.
Instead, our politics must be built on their dreams and on their potential: decent, secure jobs with reliable public transport to get them there; good affordable housing where they can build their families and their future; high-quality education and skills training; access to creativity and culture; aspiration, hope.
England is a nation of towns and villages like mine—of community, of culture, of graft.
For England to succeed, towns and villages must succeed, and it will be my mission in this place to see that happen.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech today.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Ossett and Denby Dale (Jade Botterill), for Congleton (Mrs Russell), for Buckingham and Bletchley (Callum Anderson) and for Banbury (Sean Woodcock) on their excellent contributions today—my thanks to them all.
It is the honour of my life to have been elected as the Member of Parliament for Bangor Aberconwy, and I offer my heartfelt thanks to everyone who supported me on my journey to this place: to my partner and my two kids, who I will not name—because my entry into the world of politics has already caused them enough embarrassment as it is—to my brother Mike, my sister Pam, my nieces and nephews, and all my friends back home; and to my dad, who is watching from the Gallery today, something that would never have been possible were it not for the incredible staff of Ysbyty Gwynedd, who have saved his life on more than one occasion.
I want to thank my incredible campaign team, my agent Jim Hoey and Ken Stevens.
I also pay tribute to the late Councillor Bill Chapman, who is very sorely missed.
Without his encouragement much earlier in my career, I would not be here today.
Bangor Aberconwy encompasses the former constituency of Aberconwy, as well as parts of what were Arfon and Clywd West.
I thank all three of my predecessors, and their staff, for all their work in the support of local residents.
Robin Millar served as the Member for Aberconwy from 2019.
I know that his work supporting hoteliers during the pandemic was very much appreciated.
David Jones served as the Member of Parliament for Clywd West and served in the role as Secretary of State for Wales during his time here.
Hywel Williams served as the Member of Parliament for Arfon and the previous Caernarfon constituency for over 23 years—a Member who was and still is very well respected by the communities that he served.
I also pay special tribute to Betty Williams, who served as the Labour MP for Conwy from 1997 to 2010.
She is a real Labour legend who is still remembered with huge fondness locally.
If I can be half as good an MP as Betty was, I will be doing okay.
I have listened to many maiden speeches and noted that there is hot competition for whose constituency is the most beautiful in all the land—I am sorry, but game on!
Bangor Aberconwy includes the seaside resort of Llandudno, the historic town of Conwy, Betws-y-Coed, Bangor pier, the Carneddau mountains, the Dyffryn Ogwen valley—too many beautiful places to name.
I must, of course, mention my hometown of Penmaenmawr, which was the favoured holiday destination of Prime Minister William Gladstone, and my adopted home of Llanfairfechan.
I have noticed, too, that it is customary to elaborate on one’s political roots—childhood memories of being dragged along to party meetings or folding leaflets at the kitchen table—but I am afraid that was not me.
Politics was not really discussed in our house.
For our family, direct action meant going out with a bucket and torch to rescue frogs.
Largely thanks to my mother, my formative years were spent bird watching, pond dipping, bat counting and on long mountain walks.
My mum knew the value of our natural world and how vital it is that we protect it.
I will make it my mission in this place to do so in her memory.
When I was 11, my mum’s life changed.
She enrolled on an access course, did A-levels, then graduated with a degree in botany—no mean feat with three young kids.
The fact that she was able to access higher education is testament not only to the last Labour Government, but to the grit and determination of working people in our community.
To understand why is to learn the founding story of Bangor University: 140 years ago tomorrow, on  18 October 1884 , Bangor University opened its doors to its first ever cohort of students.
Bangor University, the first in north Wales, was not founded by rich benefactors or philanthropists, but quarrymen and farmers who believed in the transformative power of education.
They set aside money from their wages every week because they knew then, as we know now, that education is the way to get on in life.
Our story is one of resilience and of people who believe in supporting each other.
All across Bangor Aberconwy, you will find incredible people who work hard day in, day out to support others in our community—people like Jaynie Black and the volunteers at Ty Hapus; Ginnie Rogers and the Friends of Mostyn Street; Brenda at Hope Restored; the wonderful women I met last week at Dyma Ni Befriending; Pobl i Bobl; Maes Ni; Hwb Ogwen; our food banks, our churches and our mosques; and our town, city and community councillors.
There are too many to mention, but we owe them all a huge debt of thanks.
Diolch o galon i chi gyd.
[Translation: Heartfelt thanks to you all.]
I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who are firmly on the side of working people.
I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity for young people growing up in communities like ours.
And I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who understand that tackling the climate and nature crisis is not only the biggest challenge we face, but an opportunity for economic growth.
The subject of today’s debate is this week’s record-breaking international investment summit.
Before coming to this place, I spent my career working with start-ups and SMEs, so I know how important economic and political stability is for business.
Under this new Government, Britain is truly the best place to do business, and there is huge potential in our corner of Wales ready to be unleashed.
We have a proud industrial history; a wealth of talent in science and technology; and wind, waves and mountain ranges.
Everywhere you look, you will find ingenuity and innovation, and communities full of pride, purpose and potential.
To finish, I am proud of our past and I am excited for our future.
Whether you live in Penmaenmawr or Pwllglas, Bangor or Bontuchel, Conwy or Cerrigydrudion, I will fight tooth and nail to bring investment to our area,  while promoting our Welsh language and culture, to make sure that our young people know that these opportunities exist and are for them.
There is much to do, and it will not happen overnight, but I hope to do every single one of my constituents proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to make my maiden speech.
When I drive around my Congleton constituency, I thank my lucky stars that I have the privilege of both living in and representing somewhere  so very beautiful.
It is made up of gorgeous rolling countryside, farmland, hedgerows and oak trees.
The farmers work all hours to produce the food that we need.
It has views of the giant radio telescope at Jodrell Bank and the natural beauty spot Bosley Cloud.
It is Arcadia within commuting distance of Manchester, Crewe and Stoke, and I cannot tell the House how much I truly love it.
The constituency is a growing place, with around 5,000 extra houses in the last few years.
The population is divided between the Cheshire market towns of Alsager, Sandbach and Congleton, alongside the larger village of Holmes Chapel, and many beautiful smaller villages, such as Rode Heath, Church Lawton and Goostrey.
There can be few more idyllic spots in the country than sitting outside the Swettenham Arms next to the Lovell arboretum, overlooking St Peter’s, the archetypal village church.
Though each town and village has its own unique character and history, the joys and challenges experienced by the families who live there are often remarkably similar.
They include families whose children have special educational needs and disabilities, who often face extensive challenges getting the diagnoses and support that they need.
Those families need our help, and I will do everything that I can to assist them.
I have been pleased to hear the Prime Minister referring repeatedly in this Chamber to those difficulties, and I am confident that he will help us too.
Families will also benefit from Labour’s review of shared parental leave.
Some 54,000 women a year lose their job when they are pregnant or on maternity leave.
Women actually out-earn men in their 20s.
The gender pay gap is in many respects actually a motherhood penalty.
Men taking longer periods of paternity leave is a way that we could normalise parental leave and potentially reduce those problems.
I thank the Government for starting the consultation on this matter imminently.
I pay tribute to campaign groups such as Pregnant then Screwed, Rights of Women, the Dad Shift, Parenting Out Loud, and the TUC and trade unions, which are all doing incredible things in this field.
Many homeowners in my constituency have been affected by leasehold and fleecehold problems, and will welcome our planned reforms on these issues, to which I intend to contribute.
They include older people, often the backbone of our communities, who provide childcare for grandchildren, and often volunteer as well.
Sometimes, however, they do so in avoidable pain while on NHS waiting lists that are too long.
Those are just a few of the issues that I intend to apply myself to as MP for Congleton.
Let me take the House back to Congleton’s history.
Congleton is known as Beartown, owing to a local story that in the 1600s the town saved up to buy a new Bible.
Shortly before the summer fête, the village bear died, so the townsfolk agreed that rather than buy their Bible they would postpone the purchase and get a new bear with the money instead.
Congleton is very entrepreneurial across the whole constituency, and many of our small businesses feature references to the bear.
It is also in our local iconography everywhere.
We have the Beartown Tap and Beartown beer.
The bear features pretty much everywhere, as does our fantastic statue of Elizabeth Wolstenholme-Elmy, which was lobbied and fundraised for by local feminists.
Elizabeth, who based herself in Congleton from 1874 until her death in 1918, played a   significant role in the women’s suffrage movement, founding the Women’s Social and Political Union and campaigning for women’s education and voting rights.
I hope that I shall think of her often in this place.
Another of our most famous local figures, although quite different, is Harry Styles, whose hometown of Holmes Chapel is now a point of pilgrimage for his fans.
I am sure that everyone is sorry to hear today of the death of his former bandmate Liam Payne—we all extend our condolences to his friends and family.
Local people have set up a walking trail associated with Harry Styles.
If anyone fancies it, I would strongly recommend following it, with a stop in any of our local independent businesses on Holmes Chapel high street.
I would probably include a drink at the George and Dragon or the Bottle Bank, or both.
I know that both publicans do a lot of voluntary work within our community.
People volunteering is common in my constituency, as I know it is in the constituencies of many other Members.
Whether they are coaching football at Vale Juniors or any of the other community sports clubs—there are too many for me to list—planting trees and conserving and maintaining our woodland and footpaths, as the Sandbach Woodland and Wildlife Group does, and as a similar group does in Congleton; helping young people through uniformed groups such as scouts, guides and the various air cadets, some of which I have visited; running schemes to support men’s mental health, such as the Goostrey Community Shed, Holmes Chapel Men in Sheds, or the new Sandbach men walking and talking group; or even running a community energy power plant in Congleton Hydro, we have the most amazing set of citizens.
I am so grateful for the fantastic contribution that they make to help others, support those who need it, and truly make my constituency the fantastic place that it is.
On the topic of contribution, I pay tribute to my predecessor, Fiona Bruce.
Congleton has had three MPs in its history, all of them women: Ann Winterton, Fiona Bruce and now me.
I know that many Christians in the constituency and beyond appreciated Fiona Bruce’s advocacy on behalf of the religious community, both in the UK and internationally, in her role as envoy for religious freedom.
We have many active local church groups in our community, and they contribute a great deal of very varied support.
Churches and secular volunteers and organisations, including food banks, food pantries and the Old Saw Mill, are all quietly providing much-needed food support within the community.
They do this for a far larger number of adults and children than the apparent affluence of the area would superficially lead one to expect.
As a discrimination lawyer, and someone who went into politics because of the value that I place on equality and inclusion, I will continue to advocate for the rights and freedoms of all my constituents, and celebrate the diversity within our community.
I recently attended the One World festival in Alsager, which was first established by Margaret Keeling 30 years ago.
It celebrates the diversity of nationalities living within the Alsager community, with food, activities and lots of performances from local schoolchildren.
It really is a delight—thank you, Margaret.
Another of the many achievements of the fantastic volunteers in my constituency is that we have regular Pride events.
Congleton held its first Pride about five years ago.
I pay tribute to Richard Walton, Ronan Clayton and all those who were involved in setting it up.
It is now ably chaired by Malcolm Pope, who is taking it from strength to strength.
The excellent curator Anna Maluk put on a Pride exhibition in Congleton Museum, hosting photos from those early events and featuring art from the local LGBTQIA+ community.
Since then, more Pride events have grown in Sandbach, Alsager and, for the first time this summer, Holmes Chapel.
At one of these events, it was suggested to me that these are really just a family fun day—a village fête, if you will.
It is true that the events are fun, fabulous and family-friendly, but beyond the live music and bright clothing remains a serious message.
The hard-working volunteers who make these Pride events happen do so in the face of repeated homophobic hate crimes.
Similarly, there is still a backdrop of fear attendant in many women’s daily lives.
Women in my constituency have written or spoken to me about their experiences of sexual violence.
I say to the young women who have talked to me—you know who you are—that I will fight for you, and all young people, in this place every day.
That will include ensuring that, when embracing new technology and innovation, as we have done this week at the international investment summit, we find ways of protecting people from new threats—whether that be people looking at tractors on their smartphones in this workplace, or artificial intelligence baking in discriminatory decision making.
Unfortunately, new technologies also bring the potential for harassment, discrimination and abuse, and we must not be caught off guard—we must get on the front foot on that.
My constituency has a long history of developing new technologies.
The constituency boundary bisects the site of Jodrell Bank, the amazing radio telescope.
Sandbach was the proud home of ERF and Foden trucks.
The first Foden traction engine was built in Sandbach in 1881, and that was followed by the production of heavy goods vehicles for 150 years.
The history and heritage of Foden still runs through the blood of the town, with the annual transport festival and its incredible parade of vintage trucks, wagons, classic cars and even the odd plane on the common.
My constituency is also home to one of the world’s leading brass bands, Foden’s Band, which was born out of the works in 1902 and has twice won, and twice been runner-up, in the national brass band championships of Great Britain.
I will work across this House to stand up for the incredible, entrepreneurial and community-minded people and businesses of the beautiful place that is the Congleton constituency.
Lastly, I want to say some thank yous.
I thank the volunteers who helped me to get here and continue to support me, to whom I am very grateful.
That includes those from the Labour party, and I make special mention of the Fabian Women’s Network mentoring scheme.
I thank my adored family, who are in the Public Gallery today.
When I am in Westminster, I miss you so much.
I hope I do all of you proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I start by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham and Bletchley (Callum Anderson)  on his powerful maiden speech.
I am not sure that when he and I attended a Birmingham University Labour Students meeting back in 2009, either of us anticipated that we would be making our maiden speeches in the same debate.
I want to start by saying what an honour it is to stand here as the Member of Parliament for Banbury.
As a Banbury lad who has never sought to represent anywhere else, I want to repeat what I told residents on the doorstep during the campaign: this is the job I have always wanted.
To everyone who helped make that happen, I can only say thank you.
I also want those  residents to know that now I have this job, I promise that I will work hard every day to deliver for them, whether they voted for me or not.
What makes this an even prouder moment for me is that I stand here as the first Labour Member of Parliament for the Banbury constituency.
Until  5 July , the constituency had remained in the hands of one party for 102 years.
But change is something that Banbury—the largest town in Oxfordshire—has got used to over recent years.
For those who do not know, the Banbury constituency is at the furthest point north in the south-east region, encompassing not just the town of Banbury but the towns of Chipping Norton and Charlbury, as well as countless villages and rolling countryside.
Banbury is a beautiful part of the world to live in and represent.
It is most famous for our nursery rhyme, known across the English-speaking world: “Ride a cock-horse to Banbury Cross, To see a fine lady upon a white horse; With rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, She shall have music wherever she goes.”
Banbury’s history is more than that, though; indeed, it is more than just the town itself.
The constituency reflects our country’s history, including in its foundations and its landscape.
We have the neolithic and bronze age Rollright stones; the settlement on the edge of Chipping Norton left to us by the Romans; the Norman castle mound at Deddington; and Broughton castle which, as well being a stunning late-medieval stately home, is likely to be recognisable to many Members as the setting for TV’s “Wolf Hall”, and the films “Shakespeare in Love” and “Three Men and a Little Lady”.
I was once told that one of the only request to film there that the owners declined was when the studio wanted to paint it pink, which was probably wise.
In the village of Wroxton, where I went to school, we have the former home of Lord North.
He is also buried in Wroxton, giving us something that not all constituencies have: the resting place of a former Prime Minister.
Bliss Mill, Tooley’s boatyard and the Oxford canal are all remnants of the area’s growth during the industrial revolution.
But the most colourful time in our history is undoubtedly the civil war, when Banbury itself was on the side of the roundheads, despite its castle—right in the middle of the town—being on the side of the cavaliers.
The people of Banbury were so unmistakeably puritan that a poem was written about it: “To Banbury came I, O profane one!
Where I saw a Puritane-one, Hanging of his cat on Monday, For killing of a mouse on Sunday.”
More happily, “the Puritans” is the nickname for the only supporter-owned football club in Oxfordshire, Banbury United.
I mention all this not just because I am really proud of where I call home and its role in our past, but because I want the House to understand what the Banbury constituency is all about.
Although it did not change hands politically between 1922 and 2024, change did come to Banbury in a big way.
Old industries such as making cloth in Chipping Norton or aluminium in Banbury went, while new ones such as logistics with companies such as DHL and TWE Haulage, food processing with Fine Lady Bakeries and Go Fresh, and  high-end mechanical engineering with the Haas Formula 1 team and Prodrive came in instead.
Other industries, such as brewing, moved within the constituency.
We can no longer get a pint in a Hunt Edmunds pub, but Hooky beer from Hook Norton is on sale across the United Kingdom.
The building of the M40 in many ways permanently changed Banbury from a small, semi-industrial market town into something completely different.
Thousands of new homes have gone up as our area has become increasingly attractive for commuters to Oxford and London, but we still have a council waiting list that has quadrupled in a decade and a private sector that cannot meet the need.
Meanwhile, vital infrastructure such as schools, roads and health services have failed to meet demand, posing fair questions from the community for those, like me, who support the Government’s ambitious house building agenda.
While they have changed, Banbury, Chipping Norton, Charlbury and the villages of north and west Oxfordshire have not lost their sense of community.
The community united across political divides, and none, in defence of our local Horton General hospital when it was faced with downgrading, successfully fighting it off in 2008 and less successfully in 2016.
As the use of food banks grew in the years after 2010, people across the area came together to help support those in need.
For example, the Chippy Larder in Chipping Norton has become a much-loved community resource.
Food security in Banbury cannot be considered without mentioning our rural farming communities and perhaps the most famous farm in the country: Clarkson’s farm.
For all the entertainment that the series has provided, for me the most important aspect of it is the light that it shines on the huge challenges faced by our farmers, and not just in the Banbury constituency but throughout the UK.
I hope that the Government’s programme to support them will relieve many of the burdens that have made farming so challenging for so long.
Southill Solar farm on the edge of the Wychwood forest near Charlbury provides community owned power to 1,200 homes.
That is another reason I am so passionate about this Government’s exciting agenda on renewable energy.
Then there is the volunteer driver service in Banbury, taking the elderly or those less able to hospital and GP appointments at nominal rates.
Throughout the pandemic, as in other places, people across Banbury worked hard to help those less fortunate during that most testing of times.
Banbury’s community, led by some of its many thousands of Polish citizens, got together again to gather supplies to support the Ukrainian civilians fleeing that conflict, while welcoming others into their homes and communities.
On that note, I pay tribute to my predecessor, Victoria Prentis.
Although there was much in the campaign that we disagreed on, this side of the House was united with the Conservative party in support for Ukraine.
I pay tribute to Victoria’s decency and her clear compassion for humanity, exemplified as much by her taking a Ukrainian refugee into her home as by her nine years of service to the community.
As for myself, I stand here in support of this Government and their mandate for change—something that Banbury has a history of embracing.
Before I finish, I want to thank my family for their support, in particular my wife  who, despite having multiple sclerosis, remains the strongest, most steady and most stable woman I have ever met.
I stand here as someone Banbury born and bred, ready to build a better Britain and a better Banbury, and I am determined to do it.