Order.
That was a very long question.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to youth workers up and down this country, who have done incredible work.
They have been a lifeline for young people in what has been a very bleak landscape for too long.
I was very pleased to work with my hon.
Friend and the East Marsh United group in her constituency, and she has done incredible work to support the community over many years in order to facilitate Grimsby’s OnSide youth club, of which we have a fantastic example in Wigan.
I very much look forward to working with her to develop this work.
There is one in Chorley too.
As the Member of Parliament for a bit of Grimsby, I share the support of  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  for the excellent work carried out in the area.
However, the Secretary of State rightly criticises the last Government for reducing the resources made available to the youth sector.
Can she reassure me that this Government will actually increase those resources?
We are determined to grip this issue.
One of the things the new Government discovered when we opened the books is that, although there are several funding sources within my Department and across Government, there is no youth strategy at all.
We are determined to set that right.
We will develop and co-produce a strategy for a generation of young people, working alongside them and with the incredible youth workers at The Haven, the OnSide youth zones and many other places, including in Chorley, to support a generation to succeed.
What recent discussions she has had with representatives of the creative industries on AI.
I have had many meetings with the creative industries, which have raised AI at every single one.
I make it absolutely clear that human creativity deserves remuneration.
Wherever we end up, the rights of artists, musicians, publishers and journalists need to be protected while we garner the significant benefits of artificial intelligence.
AI-generated creations that mimic real people—deepfakes—can lead to financial and reputational damage for musicians and other creatives.
However, as the domestic violence charity Refuge pointed out last year, the most common AI-generated deepfakes are non-consensual sexual depictions of women.
How do the Government plan to ensure that creatives, as well as women and girls, are adequately protected from the misappropriation of their voice, image, name and likeness?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has raised this important issue that affects many people.
In the words of Stephen Sondheim, “art isn’t easy,” and neither is the legislation in this area, but we are determined to look into it.
It is already a criminal offence to share an intimate image without consent, whether real or synthetically generated, and we will deliver on our manifesto commitment to ban the creation of sexually explicit deepfakes.