Order.
We are going to have to get through the questions more quickly.
We do not have much time.
I recently visited the fantastic Shinfield Studios in the constituency of my hon.
Friend the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang) and saw the huge value that our creative industries can bring to my constituents.
Will the Minister please tell me what the inclusion of the creative industries in the industrial strategy and the huge investment delivered at the investment summit last week will deliver for my constituency and others like it?
It is great to see my hon.
Friend here.
First, we want to ensure that more international movies and blockbusters are made in the UK, and we want to increase investment.
With more sound stages, we should be able to challenge Hollywood.
I also want to ensure that every single child in this country can consider a career in the creative industries, whatever background they come from.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Eastbourne art galleries such as the Towner and Devonshire Collective VOLT—it made the tie I am wearing—contribute so much to our town and to our country, but the sector faces serious financial pressures.
Will the Minister meet me and a delegation of art galleries to discuss them?
I will happily meet the hon.
Member, who makes a very good point.
We have hundreds of museums and galleries across the country.
Some of them receive funding directly from Arts Council England.
We want to talk to Arts Council England about how we can ensure that there is more support for our museums and galleries.
Some of the funding comes directly from our Department.
I am happy to meet him to discuss that.
I advise the House that my sister works for Rugby League Cares.
The Minister will know that my constituency is the birthplace of rugby league.
At a professional and community level, the game is really important to towns such as mine, but it has not always had the support that it deserves.
The Rugby Football League has produced a national community facilities strategy, which states the level of funding that is needed for the game.
What steps is she taking to support long-term investment in rugby league?
We know just how important the work of the Rugby Football League is in communities —I have seen it at first hand, as I know you have, Mr Speaker.
It is one of the reasons the RFL has received  just under £1 million in funding from Sport England over the past financial year to help tackle inequalities and improve access.
I look forward to working with the sport in the months and years ahead.
I look forward to the increase as well.
When mobile providers started to turn off the 2G and 3G networks earlier this year, we were told that it would have no impact on existing services, but the experience in my constituency is the contrary, particularly along the M74 motorway network.
Will Ministers investigate the impact of the switch-off to date, and ensure that necessary improvements are made so that we have a full network across the whole of the United Kingdom?
I think this is a hangover from yesterday’s questions on telecoms, but the right hon.
Member makes a very good point.
One of the things that keeps me awake at night is worrying about what will happen to the transition for people with telecare devices, which rely on the old public switched telephone network.
We are keen to have a safe transition.
Exactly the same issues apply to 2G and 3G. I will happily meet with him, if that would help.
In Southend East and Rochford, the Freight House and the Kursaal sit vacant.
In times gone by, my community used those sites greatly.
We cannot allow buildings with such cultural capital potential to sit vacant.
Does the Minister agree that the regeneration of cultural sites such as the Kursaal and the Freight House is central to a prosperous community?
I very much welcome the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to champion his community, and offer him the Government’s support for it.
I am working with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government ahead of the publication of our forthcoming devolution plans to ensure that we give communities the tools to bring our proud heritage sites back into use, and to repurpose them for future generations.
I urge the Secretary of State and the ministerial team to take account of the listed place of worship grant scheme, which is particularly valuable to many churches up and down the country, and to not allow the Treasury to trim it back.
It may expire at the end of March next year.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows very well that spending review issues are a matter for the Treasury—let us see what comes out of that review.
I have had lots of representations, and he makes a good point.
My beloved  Aston Villa made their first appearance in the European cup for over 40 years this season, but fans faced ticket prices of £94 to see that first-in-a-generation moment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need greater fan representation on football boards, so that football remains accessible to all?
I am pleased to offer my hon.
Friend our support on that.
The football governance Bill, which we intend to introduce shortly, will significantly advance the protection of fans.
We are working with the widest range of partners, and we hope to command proper cross-party support, as the previous Football Governance Bill did before the election.
East Devon district council is making available £207,000 for young people’s sports facilities in Honiton.
How can central Government contribute to that initiative?
We are pleased to have announced investment worth £123 million in grassroots sports facilities for the coming year.
Demand currently outstrips the pace at which such facilities can be created, but the Government are absolutely determined to work with the hon.
Gentleman and partners across the House to ensure that we give our young people the facilities that they deserve.
Historic England recently announced a £750,000 commitment to rebuilding the beautiful Victorian arches of Madeira Terrace in my constituency, which the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism visited with me during the election campaign.
That commitment is welcome, but such projects are expensive and take time, so what can the Secretary of State do to support heritage projects around the country, and will she come to Brighton with me to see the work in progress?
I think my hon.
Friend may be getting me again.
It is a great delight that the arches will be sorted, not least because we launched his election campaign at that very site.
Our heritage is a key reason why so many international visitors come to this country.
If we can get the mix of historical and modern right, I am sure that we can challenge France for international visitor numbers.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church of England is taking to support parish life in small rural communities.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, as this is my first time responding to questions, I would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to my predecessor as Second Church Estates Commissioner, the former Member for South West Bedfordshire, Andrew Selous, for his work in the role.
I certainly hope to do my best in it for parliamentarians and commissioners.
Turning to my hon.
Friend’s question, the Church of England operates 16,000 parish churches, over half of which are in rural areas, along with Church schools.
It provides the largest network of buildings in England that serve communities—buildings that are used for worship and education, as well as warm spaces and hubs for activities such as food banks, post offices, credit unions and other social and community initiatives.
The parish of Bewcastle in the north-east corner of my constituency is perhaps best known as the home of the Bewcastle cross, probably the finest example of pre-Norman carving in England.
Geographically, it is a very isolated community, but every single month, parishioners organise a vibrant community hub, which is critical in overcoming social isolation and loneliness.
Next month will mark 1,350 years since the carving of the cross, so will my hon.
Friend ask the Church Commissioners to consider additional funding for the parish to improve the village hall?
I congratulate all the volunteers in the parish of Bewcastle on their work to tackle social isolation and loneliness.
I will look into the specific case that my hon.
Friend mentions and see what advice can be given to support her.
I also commend the work of the Good Shepherd multi-academy trust, which is in her constituency and supports children, families and communities to flourish.