The Minister will know that grassroots sports venues play a key role in improving the nation’s health.
The UK will host the  T20 women’s world cup in 2026, and cricket will join the Olympic family of sports in 2028.
The previous Government committed a £35 million investment into 16 grassroots cricket hubs and cricket domes.
Will the Minister commit this Government to fulfilling that promise?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for her important question.
I was pleased to meet the England and Wales Cricket Board a few weeks ago, and I will be doing a visit with its representatives in my own constituency tomorrow.
We absolutely see the benefit of cricket and, indeed, all sports across the country, but I am obviously not in a position to make spending commitments ahead of the spending review.
What steps she is taking to support grassroots and non-league football.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As I set out in a previous answer, the Government are investing £123 million through football partners in grassroots facilities up and down the country.
I recently visited Knaresborough Town AFC in my constituency and met fantastic people who do more than just football.
They share the club’s facilities with groups such as Rainbow Care, which provides a lifeline to other people, not just those interested in football.
Due to the weather, the pitch is often waterlogged, and there is a lack of 3G pitches in the area.
Will the Minister meet me to talk about how we can do more to support Knaresborough Town and, hopefully, get a pitch down the line?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I am pleased to hear that he visited his local club, and I would be delighted to meet him.
Ahead of that meeting, though, I will ask my officials to link him up with the Football Foundation, which supports grassroots communities to get new pitches.
I pay tribute to all the volunteers to whom he refers for their fantastic work in the community.
Blyth Spartans in my constituency are arguably the most famous non-league club in the UK, but they are now up for sale, with the current chairman failing to deliver on his promises and to engage transparently and openly with the supporters.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that non-league football clubs are at the heart of communities and that engagement with supporters is critical to their survival?
I am incredibly grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and I completely agree.
Now that he has put it in Hansard, perhaps Blyth Spartans are the most well-known club in the country.
I echo his comments about fan involvement at every level of the football pyramid and, indeed, in grassroots football.