Since 2022, the Church Commissioners have been working with the diocese of Chichester to market the site and find a developer.
I am pleased to say that a developer is in the process of agreeing to a conditional contract for a mixed-use development that will include convenience retail and housing, some of which will be much-needed affordable housing, which the hon.
Member mentioned.
That development will need planning permission, and that is being explored with the local authority now.
What steps the Church is taking with developers and local authorities to ensure that residents in new towns and villages have access to places of worship.
Local authorities are not currently required to consider the building of new places of worship, but under the national planning policy framework they are permitted to include places of worship among a range of community buildings in a development.
Where local authorities include places of worship among community buildings, the Church Commissioners seek to promote these facilities.
Development should be about building places and communities where people can live fulfilling lives, not just building houses, and places of worship play an important role in that.
Will the hon.
Member work with Ministers to ensure that the Government’s new towns commission incorporates the creation of places of worship in new towns?
The Church Commissioners are very much invested in place-making; it is at the core of their approach to bringing forward new homes for communities across the country.
They have sought a meeting with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government to discuss the Church’s strategic land, and the potential to build up to 70,000 new homes.
The diocese of St Albans has several good examples of how the Church is contributing to community-building in the Mid Bedfordshire constituency, and I will write to the hon.
Gentleman with further details.
What steps the Church has taken in response to the findings of Sarah Wilkinson’s independent review into the Independent Safeguarding Board.
The General Synod of the Church of England considered the Wilkinson review at its meeting in July 2024.
The synod has commissioned a detailed analysis of four options for the organisational structure of safeguarding independence.
The intention is for them to be presented to the synod at the next meeting in February 2025, which I hope to attend.