The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment she has made of the potential impact of visitor levies in Scotland and Wales on inbound UK tourism.
Responsibility for tourism levies is devolved, but we want to watch what happens in Scotland and Wales with close interest.
One of my main hopes is to increase the number of international visitors to the UK, and ensure more and more visitors come not only to London and the south-east, but travel across the whole United Kingdom.
Imposing taxes on tourists will only discourage people from enjoying the best of what the Scottish Borders and Scotland have to offer.
Many small, rural businesses are struggling to sustain themselves, so I fear the extra tax proposed by the Scottish Government will be the last straw.
Does the Minister share my concern about the impact that will have on tourism in Scotland?
Will the Government undertake an impact study on the effect the tax will have on tourism, not just in Scotland but across the UK?
Despite having been a Member of the Scottish Parliament, the hon.
Gentleman does not seem to understand the basis of devolution.
This is a matter for the Scottish Government to decide.
We want to have a very positive relationship with the Scottish Administration and, for that matter, the Administration in Wales.
Of course we will look at this.
The UK Government have no plans to introduce visitor levies at the moment, although there are potential benefits that might accrue to local communities, if they could be got right, but the idea of us investigating what the Scottish Government are doing would be completely wrong.
What steps the Government is taking to promote the Scottish Highlands as a film location for movies and television.
This Government are taking a fresh approach to our relationship with the Scottish Government and with our cultural partners across Scotland.
We are seeking a far more consistent and constructive relationship than the previous Government.
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Prime Minister last week convened the first ever Council of the Nations and Regions, and this Government are putting the creative industries in every nation and region at the heart of our economic strategy.
I wholeheartedly welcome that answer.
Scotland has great potential; if I say that “The Traitors” was filmed at Ardross castle in my constituency, the Secretary of State will know what I am talking about.
I take the point that these matters are devolved, but Mr Angus Robertson seems to flip-flop when it comes to funding the arts, so I would be grateful for everything the Secretary of State can do to get Netflix, or whoever, to look hard at the Highlands.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to draw attention to Scotland’s huge cultural assets.
I was pleased to meet with my Scottish Government counterpart when I visited the Edinburgh Fringe over the summer.
I know from the international investment summit, which the Government convened earlier this week, that partners like Netflix, and many other international investors, see the enormous value of Scotland and the attraction of investing there.
This Government will do everything we can to support that, and we will put rocket boosters under the creative industries in Scotland.
What steps she is taking to support multi-sport grassroots facilities.
This Government are committed to providing high-quality, inclusive facilities that provide opportunities for everyone to get active and healthier.
That is why we are investing £123 million across the UK in our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
Access to those facilities is vital for mental health and community cohesion, no more so than in the small towns and villages that make up my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that even in places like that we must have equal access to such facilities?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I was pleased to visit her constituency a few months ago; I represent a similar area, with a collection of towns and villages.
Wherever communities are, across the country, we want to ensure they have access to local facilities.
It is so important to get people active, particularly for mental health and wellbeing.