I certainly am, and so are my thighs.
At a national level, the contribution of local clergy and lay people is usually recognised through the Archbishops’ medals or a Lambeth degree.
Most dioceses also have their own awards.
Clergy and lay volunteers are eligible for nomination to relevant orders, and for decorations and medals, and there are opportunities in the wider civil honours system where appropriate.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for that answer.
I am full of praise for the hard work and dedication of all our clergy, but sometimes an individual goes above and beyond.
That is true of Reverend Canon David Williams, who on Christmas day will lead his last service at St Mary’s, Princes Risborough, after 15 years’ service to that town and the surrounding villages.
His work includes having supported thousands of children through Lighthouse Princes Risborough, and his role as a trustee of the Princes Centre and other charities, including those supporting the homeless.
Will the hon.
Lady join me in thanking David and his wife Jo for their 15 years’ service to Princes Risborough?
What more can the Church do to recognise his and others’ hard work?
I place on record my thanks, congratulations and appreciation of Reverend Canon David Williams and his wife—as we know, these things are always a partnership—for all their good work in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
The Diocese of Oxford is thankful for the dedicated, pioneering and innovative work of the clergy and their great contribution to the Church’s ministry and mission, and to our local communities.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will pass on my thanks, and that he will be present for the reverend’s final service on Christmas morning, to congratulate him in person.
What progress the Church has made on developing interfaith understanding.
Some 85% of the global population have a faith that shapes their day-to-day life.
The Church has been working at a global, national and local level to improve interfaith understanding and engagement.
At home, it engages with national and local networks to support faith and civic leaders, mayors and MPs in building trust and resilience in their local communities, as they did during and after the most recent civil unrest.