Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, Chief Patrick Parker grew up in Petoskey, Michigan as the oldest of 11 children and carried with him from a young age a sense of duty and responsibility.
In high school, Chief Parker played football for the Petoskey Northmen, was a Proud Eagle Scout of Troop 7, and graduated in 1979.
Chief Parker then attended North Central Michigan College where he earned an Associate's Degree an later received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Lake Superior State College.
Chief Parker started his fire service career in 1983 as a volunteer and morphed into a part-paid/on-call firefighter and EMT.
He filled many roles such as Firefighter, Lieutenant, Captain, and Battalion Chief; and in 2004, he was promoted to the rank of full-time Deputy Chief.
On January 1, 2006, Parker became the Chief of the Grand Traverse Metro Fire Department, encouraging his members to foster an atmosphere where everyone is empowered to give their best and live up to the credo: Omnis Cedo Domus--Everyone Goes Home.
Additionally, Chief Parker is involved professionally in the Michigan Association of Fire Chiefs Board, Northern Michigan Fire Chiefs Association Board, Grand Traverse County Local Emergency Planning Committee, Local Planning Team and 911 Advisory Board.
Chief Parker is the founding member of MI-Mutual Aid Box Alarm System Division 3701, which at the time of its founding included all of Region-7.
He is the chairperson of the MABAS-Michigan Special Operations Work Group, the State's Urban Search and Rescue Team, overseeing Michigan Task Force-1.
Chief Parker was Michigan's representative to the Great Lakes Division (GLD) of the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), and he currently is the immediate past president of the GLD.
Always looking for new ways to help his community, Chief Parker is involved with many local boards and committees, serving as the President of the American Red Cross--Northern Michigan, Camps and Services member of the Rotary Club of Traverse City, board member of the Rotary Camps & Services with the Knights.
9979, and board member of the Michigan Crossroads Council--Boy Scouts.
He is the founding member and President of the Grand Traverse Region First Responder Alliance, a 501(c)(3) organization founded to find solutions to the unmet needs of the region's first responders.
Chief Parker is also a dedicated husband, enjoying 39 years of marriage to his wife Michelle and their 3 golden retrievers.
In his spare time, he is known for being an avid hiker, hunter, and Great Lakes boater, and he enjoys camping and snowmobiling in the wintertime.