and our country.
After graduating high school, Ken enlisted in the U.S. Army, where he was later stationed in Korea and served there for 3 years.
After his honorable discharge in 1955, Ken's service was highly honored, as he earned two Bronze Stars, the Korean War Service Medal, and the United Nations Service Medal.
Beyond his service to our country, Ken went above and beyond in his personal and professional life to care for those around him.
While starting a family of his own in Rockwood, Michigan, with his wife, Betty, Ken also started his career as a union representative, before eventually transitioning into a long, accomplished tenure in Human Resources.
Eventually stepping up as the Director of Human Resources for Allied Signal, Ken became a strong leader of their department, working on behalf of the people, and traveling across the country before eventually settling in Marlton, New Jersey.
It was in Marlton that Ken became a dedicated member of the St. Joan of Arc parish, our local government, and the town watch.
Through his involvement across multiple organizations, he took every opportunity to facilitate projects to make our community a better, safer place.
Most recently, he focused his vision on the Evesham Township Veterans Wall role in the `Coffee with a Vet' program as well as the local Veterans No matter the task--big or small--Ken proved every day that he was a deep believer that it was always possible for each person to create positive change in their community.
Even beyond Evesham's borders, he dedicated his time as the President of the Boys & Girls Club of Philadelphia, uplifting kids and young adults across the area.
I know Ken will have the lasting memory of being a friendly face around town, often riding his lawn mower through the neighborhood with a warm smile and helping hand for whomever may need one.
We were lucky to have Ken as a member of our community.
He was a beloved husband, father, and neighbor.
My heart goes out to his entire family, his friends, and for anyone who knew him and grieving his loss.
Though he will be deeply missed, I am sure his legacy will live on for years to come through his positive impacts on all our lives.