Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on October 18, 2023, with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National Mall in Washington, D.C.
These memorials were built to honor their courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on October 18th answered our nation's call to service during one of its greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise and join me in expressing gratitude.
Mario R. Aliano, Sr., Peter Ralph Amodei, Ronald Angone, James Larry Arnold, Dennis J. Asch, Leonard Austin, Joseph T. Bienias, Ronald M. Bienias, Robert Bom, Thomas Brackenbury, Scott Lee Brighton, Terrence V. Burns, Donald T. Catchpole, John K. Clauson, David M. Clemen, Maurice J. Costello, William T. Coughlin, William A. Cox, Ronald L. Cummins, Dan A. Dahlquist, John Diehl, James Doffin, Charles A. Doiron, Jr., James M. Donahue, Mitchell G. Doud, James Drnek, George Joseph Durfor, Steven M. Dyer, Walter L. Favorite, Melvin L. Fonville, Rodney Foster, Ronald E. Foster, Carol J. Fowler, Gilbert F. Garcia, Raymond Gervais, Richard W. Giemzik, George N. Gray, Robert Grenlie, Louis Gugliuzza, Alvaro Guillen Jr., Dale Hamblin, Bruce Hansen, Henry Harris, Jackie Haviland, George Elmer Hessenthaler, Maurice Holman, George Hosso, John W. Huff, Tom Jackson, Martin D. Jayne, James Jensen, William Johnson, J. Malia Jones, David Kapella, Robert F. Kelly, Edward Allen Kimmey, Louis M. King, Arthur Landorf, Thomas W. Leitner, Thomas H. Lichtenfeld, Ronald William Line, Jerome Lorenz, Felipe Marrero, Michael Martino, Abraham Matook, Edward Maynard, Jr., Russel E. McClintock, William J. Mesheimer, Robert E. Miller, David E. Miller, Francis L. Minnito, Thomas J. Moran, Peggy Morris, David Myers, Joseph Offenbecher, Edward Lee Oller, Bruce E. Parry, James Patnode, Adis Patrick, Joseph P. Phelan, Terry L. Pierson, William A. Polensky, James E. Popjoy, James Purcell, Raymond Ritcheson, Jr., Robert Ross, David A. Sandeno, Thomas L. Schambach, James Scherbarth, Michael Scherer, Charles Scholtens, James L. Schulte, Kenneth Schussler, Andrew Sherlag, Michael A. Snyder, Donald B. Snyder, Ronald J. Soltis, Craig Summers, David Harry Swanson, Ronald Joseph Szikora, Donald D. Talbot, Anthony Turacek, Charles J. Vladika, William A. Ward, Arthur A. Warner, Thomas Wasmund, Robert A. Welko, John A. Wentz, Sr., James Wiginton, Johnnie Lewis Williams, Leon Withers.