Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize and celebrate a remarkable milestone: the 100th birthday of Harold L. Gomer, a Navy Veteran who embodies dedication, service, and love.
At the age of 7, Harold's father passed away and his mother and 5 siblings relocated to Austin, Minnesota.
Harold would spend the next 86 years of his life in this new city and would grow to become an example to many.
Education played a significant role in shaping Harold's character--he graduated from Austin High School, where he participated in wrestling and Golden Glove Boxing.
He excelled in his extracurriculars and eventually became a District Flyweight Champion, showcasing both his talent and tenacity.
On November 6, 1942, Harold bravely answered the call to serve his country.
He left his job to join the United States Navy, where he served as Coxswain aboard the USS Ammen in the Pacific theater for 3 years.
His unwavering dedication and service enabled him to serve on the USS Logic Minesweeper for an additional year before being honorably discharged.
Once returning to Austin, he resumed his employment at Hormel Meats, where he spent the following 40 years exhibiting dedication to his work and his community.
After returning home from defending our country, 
Mr. Gomer married his childhood sweetheart, Shirley Mae Greenlee.
Their family grew with the addition of their 4 children: Patricia, Mark, Cheri, and Pamela.
Over the years, the family has grown to include 9 grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren, and 10 great-great-grandchildren.
In 2016, following the death of his wife, Harold moved to Orange County, California to live with his daughter Pam.
Since relocating to Orange County, he has been enjoying retirement, occasionally going dancing and visiting Las Vegas.
Since then, he has discovered happiness in dancing and enjoying the company of his family and friends.
Harold's relentless dedication to his country and community is highlighted throughout his life, from his 2 years as commander of American Legion Post 91 and his 40 years of dedication to the Funeral Escort, to his 20 years of cooking for stag nights and his more than 30 years of bar management.
These experiences show he is a leader who gives back to others.
I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing heartfelt congratulations and honoring Harold Gomer's character, service, and love for his community as we wish him a happy 100th birthday.