On the broad issue of Ukraine, I welcome the continued unity across the House.
The conflict has gone on for just over 1,000 days, and I am proud of the fact that throughout that time we have had unity across the House.
I welcome the fact that we will continue to do so.
If we  divide on the issue, the only winner will be Putin and I am not prepared to let that happen.
In relation to the G20 words, it was clear about the UN charter.
My position on doubling down was absolutely clear in everything I said on the record at G20 and in everything I have said and done in the past few weeks.
On China, I made it very clear in my meeting with the President that where we disagree, we will be frank and open about that disagreement and raise those issues of concern.
On the right hon.
Lady’s specific question about the action in Hong Kong, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , made a statement condemning that action just a few days ago.
I am happy to repeat and affirm her position, because that is the Government’s position.
The right hon.
Lady will have seen some of the references to other issues that I raised in my meeting.
Those issues are raised consistently with the Chinese by all members of this Government and, to be fair, they were raised by members of the previous Government when they were in office.
Again, there is a lot of common ground.
On COP, we used the meeting to push forward on the targets.
It is a shame that what used to be a cross-party issue not so many years ago—[Interruption.]
When COP was in Scotland, there was a real unity across the House about the importance of tackling one of the most central issues of our time.
The fact that the Leader of the Opposition is now taking the position of attacking the very idea of setting targets shows just how far the Conservative party has fallen.
On this issue, I was proud that under some of her predecessors we had that unity.
It is a shame that has now been lost because of the position adopted by the Opposition.
The right hon.
Lady referenced my being at G20 in Rio when the farmers were protesting.
G20 is an opportunity for the leading economies of the world to get together and discuss questions of common issues on the economy and security.
If her implication is that the UK should not be there at leader level—that we should join Putin in avoiding that meeting—and that is the position of her party, then she should say so.