The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with the Mayor of London on financial support for Transport for London.
Mr Speaker, as maritime Minister, I pay tribute to John Prescott both for his life at sea and for introducing the tonnage tax back in 2000 as Secretary of State for Transport, which secured the UK’s position as a world leader in maritime services and trained a new generation of seafarers.
We continue to work collaboratively with City Hall, Transport for London and other mayors on long-term transport plans, providing lasting benefits for the public and the economy.
I join the Minister in expressing my sympathy to the family of John Prescott.
He will be dearly missed across the House and in the other place.
The previous Conservative Government allocated £6.6 billion to subsidise the work of Transport for London, particularly to subsidise the fare box during the pandemic.
I understand from the Budget that the Chancellor allocated £485 million to TfL, but the figure may include £220 million already announced to finance Elizabeth line trains.
If that is discounted, that leaves £265 million.
Can the Minister confirm that the position is that the Government have suspended the de facto  right of the Mayor of London to freeze fares and that they are requiring an inflation-busting 4.6% rise in fares in London?
This is a devolved matter.
As the hon.
Member said, at the Budget we announced £485 million in capital funding for Transport for London.
Shortly afterwards, the local transport Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , and the deputy Mayor met to discuss that.
It is a matter for Transport for London.
I am sure the hon.
Member has a first-class relationship with the Mayor and I am sure he will press him on it.
What steps she is taking to improve the accessibility of aviation for disabled people.
May I take this opportunity to pay my tribute to the former Deputy Prime Minister and my predecessor as Transport Secretary?
A merchant navy steward who became Deputy Prime Minister, a visionary Transport Secretary and an icon of the New Labour Government, he was an inspiration to working class boys and girls across our country for what our Labour movement can achieve.
Our thoughts are with Pauline, his family and everyone who loved him in our whole Labour family.
The Government are committed to ensuring that aviation is accessible to all.
I am proud that we have established the aviation accessibility task and finish group, bringing together industry and consumer advocates with first-hand experience to improve aviation accessibility.
I associate myself with the tributes to Lord Prescott.
As a sponsor of the Aviation (Accessibility) Bill, introduced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexleyheath and Crayford (Daniel Francis) , I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of the new expert group to break down the barriers to air travel that are still experienced by far too many disabled people.
Does she agree that ensuring all disabled people have the ability to travel on flights safely and with dignity must now be a priority for the whole aviation industry?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend and pay tribute to him and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexleyheath and Crayford (Daniel Francis)  for their ten-minute rule Bill on this important issue.
The human impact for too many people with accessibility issues when flying is severe and that is why it is this Government’s priority to set up the accessibility task and finish group.
We are requiring the industry to match our ambition.
For regional and island airports, accessibility equipment can carry significant cost in proportion to the number of passengers using the facility.
However, it remains vital that disabled passengers’ access is supported.
What action is the Secretary of State taking to support smaller airports in this regard?
Airports are represented in the accessibility task and finish group through their trade association, AirportsUK, and both large and smaller airports are  represented individually as well.
We will work closely with the industry to look at what voluntary measures can be adopted as we also consider enforcement powers for the Civil Aviation Authority.
What recent estimate she has made of when electrification of the midland main line will be complete.
The electrification of the remainder of the route to Nottingham and Sheffield via Derby—the midland main line electrification programme—is in development, and currently it is planned to be completed by the early 2030s, subject to business case approvals and wider affordability considerations.
It is marvellous that we now have the electric lines energised up through Market Harborough to Wigston, and we are looking forward to our electric trains arriving next year.
Even better, we have Spion Kop bridge staying open.
Will the Rail Minister meet me to ensure that we avoid any risk that future electrification works lead to a further withdrawal of late and early services to Market Harborough?
The last train back from London is already far too early, so we need to avoid the works having any further damaging impact.
We are all concerned about the impact of works on services.
I know that the Rail Minister is aware of that and would welcome the opportunity to visit, alongside Network Rail, to see the work being done to mitigate the impact on the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents as that work continues.
Whether she is taking steps to support the participation of small and medium-sized local bus operators in bus franchising schemes.
This Government are empowering every community to take back control of their local bus services.
Legislation on bus franchising requires local authorities to consider small and medium-sized enterprises as part of the franchising process.
We are working with those interested in pursuing franchising to develop different models, including smaller-scale models, which require less financial commitment and provide more opportunities for small and medium-sized bus operators to participate.
I am pleased to hear that this is part of the consultation on updating the bus franchising guidance.
We have some strong local SMEs in Falmouth that provide a knowledgeable, local and flexible bus service, along with community bus services too.
Will the Minister please confirm that she will be supportive of that kind of model when going through the guidance?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for businesses in her constituency.
We recognise the important role that smaller local bus operators can  provide in delivering high-quality bus services; they know their customers and their communities.
In addition to the requirement to consider SMEs as part of the franchising process, this Government’s reforms to the bus system are designed to give more options to local communities to deliver local bus services.
Our transformative buses Bill will seek to give local areas the choice of pursuing bus franchising, high-quality partnerships with the private sector or local authority-owned bus companies and, once in law, will provide more opportunities for all operators, including SMEs.