What steps she is taking to decarbonise the transport sector.
The Government are committed to delivering greener transport.
The Department is overhauling public  transport services to make the sustainable choice the most convenient choice.
It is turbocharging the roll-out of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, and it is making the UK a world leader in the production and use of sustainable aviation fuels.
Transport is decarbonising more slowly than other sectors because, while car emissions have fallen by 20% since 1990, haulage emissions have barely moved.
Earlier this month, my constituency hosted the East Midlands Hydrogen summit, where we saw how heavy goods vehicles can be powered through green, clean hydrogen.
What steps is the Department taking, and what steps will it take, to support green hydrogen in the use of heavy goods vehicles?
It is great
that my hon.
Friend is such a champion of hydrogen.
The Department’s £200 million zero emission HGV and infrastructure demonstration programme is funding hundreds of hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric HGVs and their refuelling and recharging infrastructure.
To support the transition to zero emission HGVs, data will be published and widely shared with the haulage and logistics industry.
Yesterday, Ford announced that 4,000 jobs are going across Europe, including 800 here, many of which are in my constituency of Basildon and Billericay.
There are real concerns about the lack of take-up of electric vehicles because the Government are not providing clear enough long-term support, and about the extra taxes imposed on both ICE—internal combustion engine—vehicles and electric vehicles through vehicle excise duty at the Budget.
Would the Minister meet me and other affected MPs to see what can be done to address these important issues affecting workers in our constituencies?
The right hon.
Member is right to raise this, and the Secretary of State did meet Ford yesterday.
We understand that this is a concerning time for workers at Ford, especially as it is a significant player in the UK’s automotive industry.
We committed £200 million in the Budget for this area of work, and we hope to alleviate the situation as soon as humanly possible.
What financial support she is providing to local transport authorities and mayors.
In the Budget, the Government confirmed over £1 billion of funding to support bus services, an additional £200 million for eligible mayors, over £650 million for local transport outside the city regions, a £500 million increase in local highways maintenance and £485 million for Transport for London, which includes funding for rolling stock on the Piccadilly and Elizabeth lines.
May I, too, associate myself with the tributes paid to the late Lord Prescott?
I commend the Government’s initiatives to increase connectivity across London.
For example, the new zero emission buses are making public transport so much more convenient and greener.
Nearly half of my constituents  in Ilford South travel by public transport.
What support is the Secretary of State providing to the Mayor of London, and TfL in particular, to ensure that my constituents can continue to commute to work?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his championing of his constituents’ ability to commute affordably and reliably.
The Government provided Transport for London with £485 million of capital funding for 2025-26, which includes funding for the procurement of new trains and rolling stock.
What steps she is taking to improve rail connectivity.
For too long, poor performance and connectivity particularly across the north of England has been tolerated.
That is why one of my top five transport priorities is improving performance on the railways and driving forward reform.
The Budget confirmed significant investment in rail enhancements, such as the TransPennine route upgrade, and we are committed to improving connectivity in addition to our work improving our overall network.
I too send my condolences to John Prescott’s family.
The town of Fleetwood and Thornton in my constituency has suffered poor transport connections for many years.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the status of the funds to improve rail links across the country, and will the relevant Minister meet me to discuss ways to improve transport connections into and out of Thornton and Fleetwood?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for her constituency.
We confirmed significant investment in rail enhancements across the country in the Budget, but as we look to the second phase of the spending review we will be setting out the long-term infrastructure strategy.
On Fleetwood in particular, I am sure the local transport Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this particular transport need in her constituency.
At the last Transport questions on  10 October , I asked the Transport Secretary to confirm the status of the ringfenced funding for Aldridge train station.
She promised to reply in writing.
I followed this up with a letter.
To date, I have received no response.
The people of Aldridge deserve to know what has happened to the £30 million awarded to us for our new train station: can the Secretary of State tell us where it is, please?
I sincerely apologise to the right hon.
Lady and will make sure she receives that letter today.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Moving fast and fixing things is a promise not a soundbite.
Yesterday the landmark Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill completed its passage through this place and now awaits Royal Assent.
This is a significant milestone, bringing the railways back into public hands, restoring trust after years of lack of trust and renewing a promise to passengers that the railways can work better for them.
At the same time, we are tackling rail performance now.
London North Eastern Railway and TransPennine Express cancellations are down.
I have tasked the Office of Rail and Road with reviewing ticket enforcements.
On roads, this Government’s £500 million boost for local highways next year will support local leaders to fix up to 1 million more potholes per year, delivering on our manifesto pledge.
On top of this, we are delivering transformative investment in infrastructure that connects our great cities and towns.
This Government are delivering transport enhancements that drive growth, improve lives and connect every corner of the country.
The storm in 2014 broke the Dawlish sea wall, collapsed cliffs and blocked the south-west main line for months.
Will the Secretary of State assure us that the crucial rail resilience programme final phase will be funded so that Network Rail keeps the project alive, rather than halting it in its tracks?
As we look to settling Network Rail’s control period 7, of course that will be a major consideration in the next funding settlement.
Earlier this year the Prime Minister committed to working with metro mayors on improving rail links between Manchester and Liverpool.
Skelmersdale in my constituency is a town of 40,000 people slap-bang between those two great cities and does not have a train station.
What measures in the Budget will help support transport links for my constituents, and will the Transport Secretary meet me to discuss rail links and a station train for Skem?
The Budget committed significant funding both for mayoral areas and those not covered by mayoral combined authorities through the local transport fund.
Crucially, new powers will be delivered to those areas to ensure they can take back control of their local public transport services.
Of course I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.