In the Prime Minister’s statement, he refers to the £1 billion investment for wind turbines in Hull.
How does he envision that will benefit and improve lives and opportunities for my constituents in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I was very pleased to announce the work in Hull, with about 1,300 well-paid jobs there, making the blades for wind turbines.
It was not that many years ago that I went to the Whitelee wind farm just outside Glasgow; there are 350 or so wind turbines up there.
I asked how many were built in Britain and the answer was none—not a single component.
Not only is this announcement very good for Hull, with well-paid, secure jobs, but it is very good for the United Kingdom that we are beginning to make the components for wind turbines.
I return the Prime Minister to his meeting with President Xi.
He may recall that at the time, President Xi put four red lines, one of which was about democracy and human rights, which he said he would  “allow no challenge”.
I have been in contact with many Hong Kong refugees here, who fled Hong Kong, and they were worried about the Prime Minister’s failure to condemn the arrest of the 45 and to call for their release and that of Jimmy Lai.
I do not believe the Prime Minister really answered the question properly, so I will give him another opportunity.
Can he now get to the Dispatch Box—he can forget that another Minister who might have said it—and say, right now, that he as Prime Minister condemns the Chinese Government for their arrest and incarceration of the 45 peaceful democracy campaigners and calls for them to release the campaigners and Jimmy Lai immediately, because they are in breach of the Sino-British agreement?
I am happy to affirm and confirm all of that.
I did raise those issues—[Interruption.]
I said I condemned it a moment ago and I am happy to say so.
[Interruption.]
I just did and I will say it again.
These are serious issues that the right hon.
Member has consistently raised, and I recognise that and we have discussed the matter between ourselves on previous occasions.
It is important that where we have these significant differences, particularly on issues of human rights, we have frank, open discussions about them.
That is why these matters have been raised repeatedly, and I myself raised them in the meeting I had earlier this week and will continue to do so.
I am happy to be clear about that condemnation and to repeat that for him.
I know the Prime Minister shares my disappointment at the weakness of the G20 statement on Ukraine, compared with the G7 statement.
When he met President Xi, did he raise China’s support of Russia in the war in Ukraine and ask him to step back and join us in trying to end the war in Ukraine on fair terms for the Ukrainians?
Yes, I did raise the position of China’s stance in relation to the conflict and there is a clear read-out of the meeting.
It is not the first time that has been raised by this Government or, in fairness, by the previous one.
Not all members of the G20 at the summit are as concerned about the Russian invasion of Ukraine as the UK is.
Ahead of the summit, it was said that the Prime Minister would talk about the “unfathomable consequences” if Putin succeeds.
Did the Prime Minister talk to some of those sceptical leaders about those consequences?
If so, what did they say?
Yes, of course I did.
Russia is a member of the G20.
Putin was not there.
The Conservative party seems to be suggesting that we should not have been there either, which I find a very odd implication.
But, yes, it is really important to take every opportunity at these sorts of meetings to have the discussions that we need to have at leader level not only with our close allies, but with those who do not agree with us, so that we can raise those concerns and try to find a way forward, which is what we did.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your remarks, the Prime Minister’s remarks and the remarks  of others about the late Lord Prescott?
He really was a one-off, and I will never forget his kindness and support of me.
On the substantive issue of the statement, I wish to congratulate the Prime Minister and colleagues on last night’s Security Council vote to try to get Israel to provide humanitarian access to Gaza.
But on its own, the vote will not stop the Israeli Government’s destruction of Palestinian lives and homes.
The inaction that we saw from the previous Government over the past year means that there is an even greater pressure on this Government to act quickly.
Given that Israeli Government Ministers are knowingly ignoring international law and ordering preparations for the annexation of illegal settlements to start in January, will the Prime Minister impose sanctions on them and the organisations that fund them?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the important issue of the west bank and settlements.
It is a major and escalating cause of concern and has been for some time.
Certainly, sanctions have been imposed in the past and will continue to be imposed.