The Secretary of State also said in her statement: “Councils such as Leicester, the Isle of Wight, Torbay and Cambridgeshire will see unprecedented levels of funding for services.”—[Official
Report,  18 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 42.]
What levels of subsidy does she believe that bus services in those areas will require?
It is incredibly important that decisions about local services are taken by those who are operating them.
That is why not only have we provided substantial levels of funding—£1 billion announced in the Budget  and the allocations set out on Monday—but we are providing local transport authorities with the powers they need to provide the services that local communities want and deserve.
If she will make an assessment of the effectiveness of local bus services in enabling children’s travel to school.
The Government know how important local bus services are in providing access to education.
We have set out an ambitious programme of reform to empower local leaders to improve services for passengers, including through the introduction of the buses Bill, to ensure that they better reflect the needs of local communities.
I, too, associate myself with the remarks about Lord Prescott.
In my constituency of Tunbridge Wells, a group of parents have told me about the difficulties that their children have in getting to Skinners’ Kent academy.
The children can get either the No. 2 or the No. 297.
The first one gets them to school 90 minutes early, so they have to wait by the side of a busy road in the cold and the dark, and the latter gets them there 15 minutes late.
Over a school year, that is 50 hours of education.
Kent was given £23 million for bus services.
Beyond giving the money, what will the Department for Transport be doing to ensure that the money will increase the frequency of services so that children can get to school on time?
I think an Adjournment debate may be needed.
Well, Mr Speaker, I do not know the particular details of the No. 2 or the No. 297—[Interruption.]
Forgive me.
As the hon.
Member has pointed out, Kent county council has been given £23.1 million as part of our £1 billion package for buses.
We are righting a lot of wrongs over the underfunding of rural services, in particular, over the years, and we expect to see a much better bus service across our whole country in the future.
May I, too, associate myself with the tributes paid to John Prescott?
Over the past few weeks, a number of parents have contacted me to ask whether school transport can be brought into the scope of the bus fare cap.
Will the Minister agree to look at that?
Services from participating operators that serve schools are open to members of the public and run all year round and will be eligible for inclusion in the scheme.
The current fare cap does not allow for the inclusion of closed school services at the moment—that is for logistic reasons, I understand.
In the statement on bus services on Monday, I asked the Secretary of State about extending concessionary travel to children and young people.
Her response was to suggest that MPs should talk to our individual local  authorities about this, but that is not the approach that we take to concessionary travel for pensioners.
I have just been contacted by somebody aged over 16 who cannot afford to go to college because it would cost £1,500 a year, and her family just cannot afford that.
Is it not the case that concessionary bus travel for children and young people should be extended on a national basis, rather than having this postcode lottery?
As a former schoolteacher, I know how important getting children to education is, and those bus services provide vital lines.
That is why we have put £1 billion into our bus services network.
I suggest that local services, such as mine in the Bee Network in Greater Manchester, have used their resource to improve access to education for young people.
Rural communities in towns and villages such as Holwell in my constituency, which I visited last week, often depend on buses for their day-to-day life and for getting their children to school, but all too often the reliability of these services makes it increasingly hard for families to depend on them.
What new powers and funding will this Government be giving transport authorities, such as Hertfordshire and Central Bedfordshire, to ensure that they can get buses for my community back on track?
Like our rail users, bus users depend on punctuality.
Our bus services have not been up to scratch, with vast underfunding over the past few years.
We are hoping that the £955 million investment in our buses will give local communities the powers they need to hold operators to account on the punctuality of those buses, so that our young people can get to their colleges and schools on time.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
We have heard over the last 14 years that the infrastructure sector and wider supply chain needs stability and certainty—no more chopping and changing—and last month’s Budget committed this Government to that approach, ensuring that people have access to transport services and infrastructure that meets their needs.
The Department’s capital settlement secures the delivery and development of infrastructure projects, including upgrades to rail in the north, further electrification of services between Church Fenton and York by 2026, and significant major road upgrades across the north of England.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott.
Public access to electric vehicle charging infrastructure is vital to encourage motorists to switch away from petrol and diesel vehicles, but the roll-out process is reliant on dedicated and experienced local authority resources, funding for which is due to run out next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss measures to avoid local authorities becoming bottlenecks in the roll-out of publicly accessible EV charging infrastructure?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
Our manifesto was clear that we are committed to accelerating the electric vehicle charge point roll-out, particularly to address the inequity across the country.
I fully recognise the importance of local authorities in achieving that, and in the Budget we announced over £200 million of investment in charging for 2025-26, including that important support for local authorities.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Minister for the future of roads would be happy to meet him.
The Dartford crossing linking Essex and Kent is a key piece of transport infrastructure in my constituency.
However, since moving to a new charging system last year, there have been serious failings in the administration of the Dart charge.
Problems include credit not being carried over from the old system.
Cars have incorrectly been charged, accounts have been closed in error and, in one particularly egregious example, a constituent of mine was told by an enforcement agent standing on her doorstep that she owed £8,000.
I thank the Secretary of State for her attention on this matter.
Will she update the House on the steps that her Department is taking to resolve the matter?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
I have received several representations about its impact on drivers who use the Dartford crossing.
It is essential that when errors occur they are cleared up quickly, and with compassion for those affected.
I expect National Highways to work with its service providers at the Dartford crossing to ensure that that happens, and my hon.
Friend the Minister for the future of roads has been holding National Highways to account.
My officials are continuing to work with National Highways to drive down incorrect penalty charge notices and provide much better support to customers.
The Labour mayors Andy Burnham and Richard Parker are developing proposals for a new rail link between Birmingham and Manchester.
What engagement has the Department had with the mayors and investors in relation to this project, and does my right hon.
Friend agree that, as a key transport hub, Crewe must be at the heart of any future rail infrastructure connecting the north and the midlands?
My hon.
Friend has consistently stood up for Crewe in the wake of the cancellation of HS2.
Crewe was particularly badly hit by that announcement.
I was pleased to meet with Mayors Burnham and Parker this week to discuss their proposals to address the capacity and connectivity issues north of Birmingham, and I will continue to engage with all relevant stakeholders on this topic.