Ahem.
Now that the railways are coming under her guardianship, will the Secretary of State assure the House that that will be the last above-inflation rail fare increase in this Parliament?
Order.
Questions should be a bit shorter.
I do not know who is doing your briefings—well, I suspect I do—but shorter questions would be helpful.
Of course, a priority for this Government is to keep public transport affordable, but our absolute priority is to fix the mess in the railways that we inherited after 14 years of under-investment, decline and putting passengers last in a broken system.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
The Government are determined to improve the condition of local roads.
We had a manifesto commitment to support councils in fixing up to 1 million more potholes per year.
We are going above and beyond that manifesto commitment: last month’s Budget confirmed an increase of £500 million for next financial year to fix Britain’s crumbling roads.
I pay tribute to Lord Prescott.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of this vital funding.
Will she comment on the excellent work carried out by Reading borough council, which has started resurfacing large sections of road?
That not only creates a smoother surface for drivers, but has been proven to save money in the long run.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the excellent practices being undertaken by Reading borough council.
That is the kind of innovation that we need to see across the country—not just fixing and repairing potholes, but ensuring that we prevent them and improve the quality and lifespan of our local roads.
People living near the concrete sections of the M25 in my constituency are besieged by motorway noise.
In fact, some schools and homes cannot open windows, such is the noise nuisance.
Does the Secretary of State agree that that is an absolute disgrace, and will she support my campaign to scrap the concrete sections of the M25 motorway?
I believe the hon.
Gentleman met the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend hon.
Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood), last week on exactly that issue.
She will follow up on it, as will National Highways.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott.
I am grateful for the Secretary of State’s answers on local roads.
The roads in Leeds South West and Morley are in a dire state.
Asquith Avenue has been compared to the surface of the moon.
Commuters in Farnley, Wortley, Morley and Tingley have to dodge potholes every day, and even the more rural areas of my constituency, such as Ardsley and Robin Hood, are suffering the same fate.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give my constituents that those roads will be improved, and when can they expect those improvements?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Potholes and poor road conditions are a menace that make our roads less safe and have saddled drivers with costly repairs.
The £500 million uplift will be available in ’25-26, and we will announce the allocations shortly, including those for West Yorkshire.
I also pay tribute to Lord Prescott.
Nearly 20% of my constituents work in the vital freight and logistics sector, yet the industry continues to pick  up the bill for the failure of Warwickshire county council to fix my constituents’ pothole-riddled roads.
Now that the Government have provided a £500 million increase to fix potholes, does the Secretary of State agree that the council must take action to tackle the scourge of potholes, which are causing untold damage to my constituents’ cars, trucks and lorries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Local authorities are responsible for the state of their local roads, but with this significant uplift for ’25-26, we expect them to ensure that that is a priority, and to tackle the state of the local roads, which is affecting my hon.
Friend’s constituents so badly.
John Prescott was a towering figure in the politics of the Humber region, and I associate myself with the words of sympathy to his family.
Roads in my constituency are under greater pressure because traffic from the A180 is continually being transferred on to them while it is being patched up.
Earlier this month,  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  and I met National Highways, and it is perfectly obvious that the A180 will be in its present state for many years to come.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes to discuss this and other transport issues in the area?
You are running out of road.
I am sure that the Minister with responsibility for roads, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) .
The safety and condition of our roads are hugely dependent on those who drive on them, but too many vehicles illegally use our roads without tax, without registering their details with the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency, and without their MOT.
I thank Jamie from Seven Sisters garage for sorting my MOT out last week.
Will the Secretary of State meet industry experts, such as Eastbourne’s very own Alan Wood of the National Persistent Evader Database, to discuss their solutions to tackling this problem, and making our roads safer?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that important point.
I have met the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency to talk about its important enforcement work in this area.
Measures of that kind will absolutely be considered in the development of our road safety strategy, and we will work closely with stakeholders, exactly as the Minister with responsibility for roads mentioned.
I associate myself with the tributes paid to Lord Prescott.
Talking of pothole repairs and road resurfacing, the director of the RAC, Steve Gooding, said: “The long-term solution is a long-term funding settlement for councils so they can finally get on top of what has been a perennial problem.”
But councils—[Laughter.]
Hon.
Members might laugh, but our councils, which have to do the work of repairing our roads, do not know how much money they will get from the much-trumpeted £500 million.
When will our councils actually get their allocations?
As I have said, the £500 million is available for ’25-26, and those allocations will be announced shortly.
The brass neck on Opposition Members never ceases to amaze.
I am just trying to get answers for our councils.
Of course, it was the previous Government who committed £8.3 billion to road repairs, using money from the rightly cancelled sections of High Speed 2.
Back in May, when it was in opposition, Labour tried to claim a backlog of more than £16 billion in road repairs, but now it just trumpets funding of £500 million.
That is not enough, is it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for recognising the appalling state of our local roads, and the appalling backlog that we inherited.
The significant uplift allocated for next year will start to turn the page on 14 years of decline, but of course that cannot be achieved overnight.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of bus services in rural areas.
Fourteen years of decline in local bus services under the previous Administration has hit communities across the country hard, especially in rural areas.
This Government know that buses are a lifeline, and through our upcoming buses Bill, we will give all local leaders the powers that they need to design networks that meet the needs of their communities, including measures to ensure that vital services for passengers remain running.
Many of my Thornbury and Yate constituents have been impacted by the loss of the 84/85 bus.
I am told that funding is made more difficult because that bus is a cross-border service between Gloucestershire and the west of England.
Does the Minister agree that the rules need clarifying, so that they do not get in the way of ensuring that we keep important bus services running?
I absolutely recognise the concern that arises when vital bus services are lost, which the hon.
Lady mentioned.
That is why, in the forthcoming buses Bill, we will explore a local network management measure that will give local transport authorities the power to ensure that cuts to local networks are made only when absolutely necessary, thus protecting people like her constituents, who relied on that vital bus service.