My hon.
Friend  the Member for Brent East (Dawn Butler)  mentioned a number of very important organisations in her constituency.
She spoke about prostate cancer and that pernicious issue of the subculture, incel, and the harm that it is causing.
We then heard from  the hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  who mentioned his own excellent volunteer groups, including the Aylsham men’s shed.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Leyton and Wanstead (Mr Bailey)  talked about young men, who, when genuinely considering teenage issues such as body image and relationships in a perfectly normal way, are targeted by extremists with horrendous misogyny, bigotry and homophobia.
They are being set against the institutions that keep our society together.
There is so much that we need to do in that area.
As my hon.
Friend mentioned, it is about restoring young men’s hope—restoring hope that they have a future—and helping them to achieve their goals.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  focused very clearly on the issues of trans men and transphobia.
I would just say to him that the Government are absolutely committed to ensuring that trans people can receive the care and support that they need when accessing NHS services.
We frequently engage with a wide range of stakeholders in this area, including the LGBT+ health adviser, Dr Michael Grady.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Lola McEvoy)  spoke about the need for men to talk and to be able to access the services that they need.
She talked about a whole range of services, right from the time of needing paternity leave through to the needs of veterans—the whole age range of need for support for men.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  talked about tackling stereotypes.
That reminded me of a quite old-fashioned headteacher, who I once worked under in a school in Swansea.
She said to the boys, “If you want to be in the rugby team, you must be in the choir.”
That is the same sort of idea: breaking down the stereotypes that men should not be doing artistic, wonderful and creative things as well as physical things.
My hon.
Friend also mentioned the tragedy of suicides and again talked about the organisations in his constituency that have done very good work in helping men in that respect.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow)  talked about stereotypes and the pressure of those stereotypes, men’s suicide, the need for mental health support for men and the need to encourage men to talk.
The spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats,  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers) , talked about farmers and how extraordinary and welcome
it is to find middle-aged farmers now opening up.
Again, he mentioned the issue of prostate cancer and how, as a doctor, he would advise every man to get checked.
He stressed the importance of being open about health and talking about it.