Thank you, Mr Speaker, for recognising my half-bob.
My thoughts are with Lord Prescott’s family; he was one of the first politicians I met as a young student, and he certainly made an impression.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State and the Minister on the £9.3 million investment in buses in Worcestershire?
I represent a rural constituency where people have not been able to get to work, access health services or stay connected with friends and family.
This investment may well make a real difference to their lives.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to speak up for his constituents in Worcestershire, and about the difference that will be made by the funding that this Government are providing.
It will ensure that his constituents have the connections that were cut off for too long under the previous Government.
What steps she is taking to improve the accessibility of railway stations for disabled people.
Ensuring that rail services and facilities are accessible to all is a core principle of our plan to fix Britain’s broken rail system.
The Department is carefully considering the best approach to station accessibility, and recognises the huge social and economic benefits it brings to communities.
MPs and stakeholders will be updated in due course.
After Northwich station collapsed in 2021, an Access for All application was submitted, with the support of local partners, to add step-free access to the Chester-bound platform.
Unfortunately, that opportunity was missed by the last Government, and the station has been rebuilt without those accessibility improvements.
I welcome the inclusion of improving accessibility in Great British Railways’ mandate, but what steps can be taken to ensure that stations such as Northwich see improvements while we wait for GBR to get up and running?
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for picking up the baton on Northwich station—we all remember the terrible situation when the canopy collapsed.
This Government are committed to improving the accessibility of the railway, and recognise its huge social and economic benefits.
The Access for All programme will deliver 32 step-free stations this financial year, the most since that programme started.
Anyone unable to use a station in the meantime can book alternative transport with the operator at no additional cost.
If she will take steps to help reduce overcrowding on Chiltern Railways services.