I congratulate the Secretary of State on the passing of the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill yesterday.
Northern Rail has been publicly owned for the past four years, running trains on tracks that have been publicly owned for more than two decades.
Sadly, Northern Rail still has some of the worst cancellation and punctuality rates in the country.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what she has learned from her Department’s experience with Northern Rail?
What else is she planning beyond nationalisation to improve the rail network?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his party’s support in passing the public ownership Bill yesterday in the other place.
He is right, and I have made clear to Northern Rail that its performance is not acceptable.
We are addressing that through new agreements on rest-day working to drive down cancellations, and crucially through integrating operations with Network Rail to deliver savings and better performance.
I would like to share the experience of Northern Rail services of one of my constituents who commutes to work from Lostock to Manchester.
On 30 October, the 1639 service leaving Manchester was cancelled, the 1708 was cancelled, the 1808 was cancelled and the 1839 was cancelled.
The one running train, the 1739, was so overcrowded that no one at stations further down the line could board it.
Does the Minister agree that my hard-working constituents in Bolton West deserve better?
Yes, I am on the same line.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I have repeatedly made clear that it is not good enough.
We inherited a railway where workforce terms and conditions were completely outdated and not fit for a modern railway.
We are addressing that, and as a result Northern’s cancellations are starting to come down, but we appreciate that there is still a long way to go.
The last Government and Surrey county council were working on progressing junction improvements with the A31 at Hickley’s Corner in Farnham.
Can the Minister confirm that that improvement will go ahead?
In addition, the pressure on the A325 through Wrecclesham is becoming intolerable.
Will she work with local authorities to provide a Wrecclesham bypass, which is so sought by my constituents?
I would be happy to get my officials to write to the hon.
Gentleman to provide an update on discussions around those important schemes.
The  key to improved rail performance in my constituency is the reinstatement of rail infrastructure, notably the Burscough curves, alongside improved services to Manchester, where my constituents are also continually let down by Northern Rail.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one of the best ways to achieve the high growth that the country needs is to improve those transport connections?
Will she meet me to discuss that further?
Our manifesto was clear that we are committed to improving rail connectivity in the north of England.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to address the specific issues on that line.
The Ely and Haughley upgrades are vital for getting freight from Felixstowe off roads and on to rail, reducing congestion on the A14 and providing much-needed relief to villages such as Kentford in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State commit to a timescale for their commencement?
I am well aware of the strong case for the Ely junction improvement and the impact that will have on freight.
That is absolutely being considered as we look towards the 10-year infrastructure strategy and we consider GBR’s stretching target for getting freight off the roads and on to the railways.
Next year will mark the 180th anniversary of Wymondham train station, but sadly it is not accessible to all.
A great birthday present for my station would be to make it so.
Will the Minister meet me and the Wymondham access group to ensure that we can deliver that for the future?
I think a yes will do.
Sure thing.
My condolences to John Prescott’s family.
I am long enough in the tooth to remember when he was the Transport Secretary.
A feasibility study on the Borders rail link was a fundamental part of the Borderlands growth deal.
For some reason, the Scottish Government do not seem to prioritise transport links with England, so it is vital that the Department pushes that forward.
I am engaged with the Transport Minister in Scotland on exactly that issue.
I am regularly contacted by constituents of mine who are concerned about delays and cancellations on the Tyne Valley line, which is so fundamental to my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss delays and improvements to that line?
My hon.
Friend is right that Northern rail services on that line are very poor.
That is exactly what we are addressing through continued negotiation on rest-day working agreements.
My noble Friend the Rail Minister will be happy to meet him.
We have just seen the third fatality in six months at the Plusha junction in my constituency.
How many more lives will be lost before her Department, National Highways and Cornwall Council finally plan to implement a flyover at this accident blackspot?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that.
We are developing the first road safety strategy in over 10 years, and improvements in infrastructure like that are exactly what will be considered under that plan.
Branston bridge in my constituency, a main route in and out of Burton and Branston, is falling down.
It was confirmed yesterday that it will be closed to vehicles for safety reasons, which is causing significant distress to residents, local businesses and commuters.
Will the Minister work further with me and others so that we can solve this problem?
Of course, I recognise that Branston bridge is a vital part of Staffordshire county council’s road network, linking communities and businesses in   my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
In addition to the £500 million of maintenance funding that the Chancellor announced in the Budget, there is also £650 million of transport funding outside city regions next year.
Full detail on how that funding will be allocated will be confirmed in due course.
Several key roads in my constituency are either closed or partially closed for roadworks, which are being done by utility companies who are increasingly getting around road permits by declaring an emergency.
Will the Minister look into that to ensure that utility companies use emergency powers only when absolutely necessary?
The hon.
Member raises a really important point about the disruption of roadworks.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that we mitigate those problems and deal with them exactly as he said.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott, a true working-class hero.
Constituents regularly tell me that the No. 57 bus that connects Stocksbridge to Sheffield is often delayed and does not always stop, even when bus stops are busy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the funding she announced this week will provide reliable and affordable bus routes connecting our rural and urban communities in Penistone and Stocksbridge?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and colleague from Sheffield.
I am well aware of that bus route and can confirm that the £18 million settlement for South Yorkshire will deliver better, more reliable and more frequent services for the good people of Sheffield.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for your earlier words about John Prescott.
We woke today to the deeply sad news that we have lost a true giant of the Labour movement and of this House; a man who fought for working-class ambition because he lived it.
As one of the key architects of a Labour Government, John achieved that rare thing: he changed people’s lives and he set the path for us all to follow.
I will always be grateful to him for that.
He did it all in his own way, with humour, pride, passion and total conviction.
He truly was a one-off.
There will be a moment for fuller tributes, but today I send my deepest condolences and, I am sure, those of the whole House to John’s wife Pauline and his family, to the city of Hull, and to all those who knew and loved him.
His legacy lives on in all of us.
I wish to update the House on my engagements at COP and the G20.
We live in a dangerous and volatile world.
We all wish that that were not the case, but it is, and it means that global problems are reaching into the lives of our constituents more and more.
Climate change causes extreme weather, such as the terrible floods that we saw in September, and drives down economic growth; conflicts drive up the prices of fuel, food and energy and threaten our stability and security; and both are drivers of migration.
To serve the British people we must tackle these problems head-on, because they do not stop at our borders—and that is the fundamental point.
At every meeting I had at COP and the G20, and in every agreement I entered into, my focus was on tackling these problems to deliver growth and security for the British people.
At COP, I made the case that we must act on climate change and nature loss as some of the greatest long-term threats we face, and in doing so we must seize the opportunities of the low-carbon economy for investment, for UK businesses and for British workers.
At COP, I was proud to announce the UK’s new nationally determined contribution, with a 2035 target to reduce all greenhouse gas emissions by at least 81% on 1990 levels.
I called on other countries to match that ambition to limit global temperature rises to 1.5°, and I made the investment case for the transformation that we are leading here in the United Kingdom.
By launching GB Energy, creating the national wealth fund to build new energy infrastructure and setting a path to clean power by 2030, we will not just boost our energy security and protect bill payers, but put Britain in pole position to claim the clean energy jobs of the future.
That is why at COP, I was able to announce a £1 billion wind turbine investment that will support 1,300 local jobs around Hull—something of which John would have been very proud—and produce enough clean energy to power 1 million homes.
That is in addition to the recent investment in carbon capture in Teesside and Merseyside, which will create 4,000 jobs, and the investment announced by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor for 11 new green hydrogen projects across Britain.
Tackling climate change is, of course, a global effort, so at the G20, together with Brazil and 10 other countries, I launched our global clean power alliance to speed up the international roll-out of clean power, accelerate investment, and cut emissions around the world.
We came together at the G20 to meet other challenges as well.
I was pleased to join President Lula’s Global Alliance Against Hunger and Poverty to bring an end to the lost decade in that fight, because this is also an investment in stability and in tackling the factors that force people to leave their homes and make long journeys that too often end with criminal gangs exploiting them and putting their lives at risk in the English channel.
We will smash those gangs.
I am sure the House will welcome last week’s news from the Netherlands, where the National Crime Agency, operating with European partners, arrested a man suspected of being a major supplier of small boats equipment.
We will hit these organised criminals with the full force of the law, but we will also work with our partners to address the root causes of the problem.
The G20 represents 85% of global GDP, so we have a shared interest in driving up growth and investment.
I held productive bilateral meetings with many G20 leaders to that end: Brazil, Japan, Italy, South Africa, the Republic of Korea and others.
I also met representatives of Italy and Japan to take forward the global combat air programme, which will build the next generation of fighter jets, create high-skilled jobs and strengthen our national security for the long term.
I had a good discussion with Prime Minister Modi about deepening our bilateral ties.
We agreed to raise the ambition of our UK-India comprehensive strategic partnership, which covers security, defence, technology, climate, health and education, building on the unique bonds and cultural ties between our two countries.
Crucially, this work will start with trade and investment, and I am pleased to say that we agreed to relaunch free trade agreement negotiations early in the new year.
I also held a bilateral meeting with President Xi.
This was the first leader-level meeting between the United Kingdom and China for six years.
We had a frank, constructive and pragmatic discussion as G20 economies and permanent members of the UN Security Council.
At a time of huge volatility, we both recognise the importance of engagement.
I was clear that we will always act in our national interest, but we need to work together on challenges such as climate change and delivering growth.
We agreed a new dialogue on these issues, which my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will take forward with Vice Premier He in Beijing.
Of course, there will continue to be areas where we do not agree, and we will address them clearly and frankly.
They include a number of human rights issues, the sanctioning of Members of this House and, of course, Hong Kong, but here too we need to engage.
The lesson of history is that we are better able to deal with problems, and the world is safer, when leaders talk, so we agreed to keep this channel of communication open.
Although it was not on the formal agenda of the G20, the spectre of conflict loomed large over the summit.
Conflict is spreading misery, destruction and despair, and causing children to starve and families to flee their homes.
I called again for the immediate and unconditional release of the hostages in Gaza, who are always uppermost in our minds.
I also called for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and for a massive increase in the flow of aid, which is desperately needed.
Yesterday, we backed a UN Security Council resolution to that end.
We must find ways to make this international pressure count, to end the suffering on all sides.
The G20 coincided with the marking of 1,000 days of conflict in Ukraine.
For the third year running, Putin did not attend.
Instead, on the eve of the summit, he launched Russia’s biggest attack for months, killing yet more innocent Ukrainians and hitting civilian energy infrastructure at the start of winter, and he indulged yet again in dangerous, irresponsible rhetoric.
This is a member of the UN Security Council acting with contempt for the UN charter.
Whereas Brazil made finding solutions to hunger and poverty the focus of its presidency, in recent weeks Russian missiles have continued to rain down on civilian ships carrying grain bound for Africa.
It could not be more clear: this is a man who wants destruction, not peace.
After 1,000 days of war—1,000 days of Ukrainian bravery and sacrifice—I am clear that we must double down on our support.
We will not be deterred or distracted by reckless threats.
We have consistently said that we will do what it takes to support Ukraine and put it in the best possible position going into the winter.
The UK’s support for Ukraine is always for self-defence, and it is proportionate, co-ordinated and agile.
It is a response to Russia’s own actions, and it is in accordance with international law.
Under article 51 of the UN charter, Ukraine has a clear right of self-defence against Russia’s illegal attacks.
I say again that Russia could roll back its forces and end this war tomorrow.
Until then, we will stand up for what we know is right, for Ukraine’s security and for our own security, and we will back Ukraine with what is needed for as long as it is needed.
In challenging times, I take the view that British leadership matters more than ever.
For the sake of our growth, our security and making our presence felt, giving the British people a voice on the global stage once again and standing up for the national interest, I commend this statement to the House.