Like my hon.
Friend, I am concerned to hear that children in Herefordshire are not receiving the level of service that they should expect.
I know that Ministers have revisited the commissioner’s latest report, and while some improvements have been made, I agree that it is very clear that the pace of change is not what it should be.
My hon.
Friend has been right to campaign tirelessly on this.
I assure him that Ministers continue to hold the local authority to account, but I will be happy to meet with him to discuss his concerns further.
Bedford renal unit is closed until further notice while investigations into the water treatment unit are carried out.
This is a major incident for the nearly 100 patients in Bedford whose lives are now severely disrupted by the need to travel around 50 miles up to four times a week to access lifesaving kidney dialysis.
Will the Prime Minister commit all the necessary resources needed by East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust renal services to urgently fix this major issue?
I am sorry to hear about that specific issue in the renal unit.
The hon.
Gentleman will forgive me for not being familiar with the details, but I will make sure that the Department looks into it and that the NHS is provided with all the support that it needs to rectify the situation.
Tomorrow is World Down Syndrome Day.
We have made huge innovative strides in this country, with the unanimous passing in this House of the Down Syndrome Act 2022 and initiatives such as yours, Mr Speaker, to provide work placements here in the Palace of Westminster for people with Down syndrome.
However, there is an outstanding issue that we must deal with.
The time limit on abortion in the UK is 24 weeks’ gestation, but due to an anomaly in the law, for Down syndrome it is 40 weeks —up to full term—which many Members may not understand.
With cross-party support I will table an amendment to the Criminal Justice Bill to equalise the time limit in line with our disability and equality legislation.
Surely, in the 21st century we cannot accept that people with Down syndrome are second-class citizens in our country.
Will the Prime Minister support the change?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his dedicated work to pass the Down Syndrome Act.
I thank him also for highlighting World Down Syndrome Day, and we will host a reception in No. 10 to mark the occasion.
As he knows, when the grounds for abortion were amended, Parliament agreed that doctors were best placed to make those difficult decisions with women and their families.
He also knows that it is a long-standing convention that it is for Parliament to decide whether to make any changes to the law on abortion.
These issues have always been treated as an individual matter of conscience.
Some of my Livingston constituents in Broxburn and Craigshill have the misfortune of living in houses built with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
Many cannot get insurance or mortgages, and one constituent told me very emotionally that he cannot even afford a survey.
Will the Prime Minister arrange for his Ministers to meet me to discuss how his Government can fund local authorities and devolved Governments—which did not even exist when these houses were built—and give the support that was promised?
We need action now.
I will happily look into the issues that the hon.
Lady raises, but in the first instance I am sure that that would be a question for the SNP Government in Scotland to answer, to ensure that they are providing for their constituents.
We have a strong track record of investing in local communities right across Scotland with our levelling-up funding and investment partnerships.
She will know that housing is a devolved area, but I will happily look into the issue.