As a former financial controller of a small business in a rural place, I have used those helplines extensively, not least in sorting out disputes when HMRC has got its data wrong.
Given that our own experience is that the website’s  process is byzantine, that the waits on the phone lines are inordinately long, and that £36 billion of tax goes uncollected by HMRC every year, how can anyone have any confidence that the Treasury is working effectively?
Very simply, we have one of the lowest tax gaps reported in the world, at about 4.8%, precisely because of the clarity of the tax system and the efficiency of HMRC in gaining the tax that is owed.
Of course there are customer service challenges, and I am having conversations with HMRC about that.
HMRC is also held to account in the Chamber, the Treasury Select Committee and elsewhere, as appropriate.
It  is important that we recognise that HMRC received 38 million telephone calls and 16 million pieces of correspondence in 2022-23.
If it were a private sector business, we can see how it would make sense strategically to move, where appropriate, as much of that activity as possible online, where it can be dealt with more appropriately and often more quickly.
The Women and Equalities Committee, which is currently carrying out an inquiry on the rights of older people, this week met Independent Age and a range of stakeholders in Andover.
They made the point that older people need to be able to access all services on the telephone, as people who are disabled or have a visual impairment find online services difficult.
To be able to communicate effectively, people who are hard of hearing need websites with a British Sign Language overlay.
Independent Age and the stakeholders I met were horrified at yesterday’s announcement on the closure of the helpline.
What consultation has there been with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , in her expanded role as Minister for Disabled People, on the potential impact of these changes?
When Members of Parliament deal with HMRC on constituency casework, it now tries to push us into using the telephone rather than email.
Can the Financial Secretary assure me that vulnerable people will still be able to use telephone services?
Will he comment on the contradiction between how Members of Parliament and the public are dealt with by HMRC?
I assure my right hon.
Friend that we are having live conversations with HMRC about how it communicates with Members of Parliament on behalf of our constituents.
Some Members tell me that they would prefer a telephone call, whereas others would prefer email.
It is important that we have both.
I am more than happy to communicate views and opinions from across the Chamber on that point.
I am well aware that one of the biggest areas of concern about yesterday’s announcement, and one of the reasons why the feedback has been so loud, is that vulnerable people, including those with disabilities, might not be helped.
It was never the intention or the plan that such people would be unable to access online, webchat or other channels.