The issue is not just the gender pay gap; there is also the gender pension gap, the lack of women on boards, and the importance of making sure that we have a pipeline of talented women at every level.
Yesterday, I was with the community interest company, Women on Boards, and its clear message to the Minister is, “Please can we have more action and fewer initiatives, to ensure that we make real progress in getting women in our companies, at every level?”.
We absolutely are taking action.
We are planning to introduce the pay transparency pilot, because in high-paid jobs, salaries are often not advertised, and women end up being paid less than men for the same role.
It is such action that will make a difference to women across the country.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women experiencing menopause at work.
In March 2023, I appointed Helen Tomlinson as the Government’s first menopause employment champion.
We are working across Government and with employers to increase awareness and develop policies to support women experiencing the impact of menopause at work.
We recently launched new guidance on the Help to Grow portal to empower businesses to educate their organisation about menopause.
Last July, we saw the introduction of the British Standards Institution standard on menstruation, menstrual health and menopause in the workplace.
Earlier this month, the International Organisation for Standardisation voted to develop an international version.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the BSI, countless grassroots organisations, individuals including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris) , and the menopause all-party parliamentary group, who have all worked tirelessly to ensure that menopausal women in this country are given the support that they so deserve?
I am absolutely delighted to welcome all of that work.
I also welcome the fact that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was able to join us in a roundtable discussion at Gower College.
In fact, Jane from the BSI was one of a number of women to join our first menopause roundtable for International Women’s Day at No. 10, where we celebrated the BSI and its international achievements.
Helen Tomlinson, too, has been recognised internationally.
What steps she is taking with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to help reduce faith-based discrimination and harassment.
All forms of religious hatred have absolutely no place in our communities, and we work with police and community partners to monitor and combat it.
We are taking a broad approach to tackling religious hatred, and are engaging extensively with experts to explore how religious hatred is experienced by British communities and how it affects different faiths and individuals.
There has been an appalling surge of antisemitism and Islamophobia in recent months, but the anti-Muslim hatred working group has been suspended since March 2020, and the hate crime strategy is four years old; we clearly need a new one to tackle the hate crime in our communities.
Will the Minister commit to restarting the anti-Muslim hatred working group and bringing forward a new hate crime strategy?
As I said in answer to previous questions, we will appoint a new adviser on anti-Muslim hatred.
We are engaging with the Muslim community at senior levels.
The Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have recently met Tell MAMA, which plays a very important role in tackling hate crime.
This Government are completely behind our Muslim communities, and we will absolutely do the right thing for them.