This is absolute chaos.
The proposal to permanently close the self-assessment helpline for half the year was truly half-baked and irresponsible, as were the planned restrictions to the VAT helpline.
The reversal is welcome, but the fact that the announcement was made at all highlights the disconnect at the heart of HMRC’s customer operations.
As the Federation of Small Businesses has pointed out, “customer service levels are at an all-time low”— a view backed up by the Public Accounts Committee.
At a time when the Chancellor’s policies are fiscally dragging more people into PAYE, the proposal was typically tone deaf to people’s needs.
Fran Heathcote of the PCS union has said that “the combination of low-pay and micro-management” is “rife across the whole” of HMRC’s customer service department.
The Minister said that HMRC is a non-ministerial Department, but we know that it has been told what to do by the Chancellor overnight.
When did the Government get notice of the announcement?
Was it a reaction to the Chancellor’s decision to cut HMRC’s budget by £1.6 billion next year?
Will he now ensure that the cut is reversed and order HMRC to recruit more customer service staff, and will he now instruct HMRC to make the reversal permanent?
As I outlined a few moments ago, I think we can all appreciate that in order to serve customers, and particularly those who most need support, we need to ensure that those who do not need to go online have alternative channels—by the way, the customer service levels are higher in online channels—and the use of the app, which I encourage all individuals to use.
Those who can go online will find a very effective and efficient service, so this is absolutely the right strategy and one that I completely and utterly support.
We have also previously had a trial closure of the lines, and the report released yesterday showed that it worked quite well.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked about redeployment.
HMRC is proactive in notifying people who, for example, do not need to provide a self-assessment form.
I think more than 1 million people were notified last year that they did not need to do so.
Following other changes in Government policy, we have also communicated that those on high incomes—up to £150,000, for example—but do not have complex tax affairs do not need to provide a self-assessment return.
There is a broad package  going on here to enhance and improve customer service, but we recognise that many people like and would prefer a telephone service.
Despite extensive Government investment in rural broadband in my constituency, there remains a lack of connectivity, with small businesses, the elderly and the vulnerable still having difficulty going fully online.
What can the Minister do to ensure that nobody will be left behind in Derbyshire Dales?
My hon.
Friend makes the really important point that there are still people in this country, including in her constituency, who are not digitally aware or who are digitally excluded for a variety of reasons.
That is why an important part of our strategy is to ensure that those who are digitally excluded, and those who are vulnerable or have particularly complex affairs, can always reach a human being.
This is another chaotic Government U-turn, with the Chancellor taking the decision this morning to scrap plans to close HMRC phone lines less than 24 hours after the measures were announced.
A Treasury source admitted this morning that closing HMRC’s helplines would be to “the detriment of the general public and the vulnerable who need access to the helplines to support them with tax matters. ”
This is part of a wider malaise within Tory broken Britain where many of my Slough constituents cannot speak to a doctor when they want to, cannot register for an NHS dentist and much worse besides.
So why was this decision taken in the first place?
I mentioned in my opening comments—I will stress it again because it is important that nobody scaremongers about this—that it was never intended, and never would have been the case, that the vulnerable, the digitally excluded or those with complex affairs would be unable to access these services, even with the proposals set out yesterday.
On that particular point, the hon.
Gentleman is just wrong.
I am grateful to the Minister for his statement, which I welcome.
Last September, in this very place, I raised the issue of heavy fines being imposed on self-employed constituents for late submission of self-assessment forms, even though no moneys were owed.
I met the Minister in post at the time, but will the current Minister please write to me with an update on progress?