I am regularly contacted by constituents who have had poor services from HMRC, as I am sure many of my colleagues are.
These people are pretty certain that they would still be waiting had they not got their MP involved.
My constituent Mr McCall retired to care for his terminally ill wife in 2021, but has since been chased repeatedly by HMRC to provide a tax return for 2022-23.
He does not use email and has described the diabolical experience he has had with the phone line; he waited 50 minutes for an automated voice, and the line then went dead.
Does the Minister accept that that service level is not acceptable at all, and things must improve?
Would he like to take the opportunity to apologise to Mr McCall for the distress that HMRC has caused him?
Yes, I am sorry to hear about those circumstances for the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
As I said, I have to be careful given the need to keep at arm’s length in individual cases, but she also raises a broader policy point.
A lot of training and work goes on.
I repeat that some 60,000 people work for HMRC, many of whom are dedicated, hard-working and well-trained individuals, and they often do a thankless job, but she makes a valid point, and I will happy raise that issue.
I spoke incorrectly a few moments ago, so may I take the opportunity to correct what I said, Mr Speaker?
HMRC staff are required to work in the office 60% of the time, not 40% of the time.
The Government were forced to extend the state pensions top-ups through to April next year because of unacceptable delays on the Department for Work and Pensions/HMRC helpline for that issue.
The Minister has mentioned that a review will take place; will that helpline be in its scope?
It is a concern to many, many constituents.
As I say, I have ongoing engagement with HMRC.
It is operationally independent, but I do have some oversight, and ministerial guidance is appropriate.
I appreciate all the comments made by hon.
Members today.
These will be live conversations, and HMRC is listening to the conversations today.
I will be happy to raise with it the points that she makes.
First, let me thank the Minister for a positive response, and for trying to solve the problems; we appreciate that.
Constituents have told my office about their struggle to get through to HMRC on the phone lines.
There is no doubt that people still rely on services that allow them to speak to an individual.
That is so important, as it is for us  as MPs.
We had 1 million calls unanswered in January alone, which illustrates clearly the problem that the Minister is trying to address.
Does he not see that there must be an enhanced service for all of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to ensure that all calls are answered and dealt with?
The better option of a personal phone call is right, and we need a drastic change to be made.
It is important that HMRC commands respect—to a broad degree, it does—across the House and among our constituents, because that is how we can ensure that we comply with tax requirements.
Where there is confusion, uncertainty or a valid question, it is important that people can get help, advice and support.
For some people, it is appropriate to go online to get that, but that is not the case for everybody.
As I said, the comments made today are very much appreciated.
I suspect that the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that, as  I have said many times, it is important that all of us encourage and support the digitisation of these services, and the adoption of the app by our constituents, because that will help ensure that the time available is focused on those who most need help and support.
I have to notify the House, in accordance with the Royal Assent Act 1967, that His Majesty has signified his Royal Assent to the following Acts: Supply and Appropriation (Anticipation and Adjustments) Act 2024 National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) Act 2024 Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Act 2024 Bishop’s Stortford Cemetery Act 2024.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the security and human rights implications of Article 23 in Hong Kong.