The Minister has spoken about members of the public who are willing and able to access services online.
Members have to complete our own self-assessment form.
I am willing and able, but I still need access to a telephone helpline.
He said that 500 people are needed to answer the same  three questions, which obviously cannot be handled by the online system.
Following this announcement, is he confident that HMRC has the digital tools necessary to cater for more than 12 million self-assessment taxpayers?
I need to correct the hon.
Lady, as the vast majority of the points I raised could be handled online, including through the app.
One of the things we must do is communicate far more clearly.
A fair point has been raised in the Chamber today, and I will continue to discuss it with HMRC, because there are clearly some challenges with communicating what is available, where help exists and so on, but there is a wealth of information on the digital offerings, particularly the app, and I encourage people to adopt them, where possible.
The hon.
Lady makes a valid point that people who cannot adopt them will need other help, and we are listening.
It is clear that HMRC made a serious mistake, and the Government acted commendably quickly in intervening to put matters right.
I am sure they will now take a close interest in what happens next.
As a matter of policy, will the Minister ensure that, whatever the future holds, it will not be anything so sudden or brutal, and that there will be a trial period before anything so dramatic is implemented across the board?
As I mentioned a few moments ago, there has been a trial closure of telephone services.
The recently reported results show that the trial worked quite well.
As we heard overnight and are hearing again in the Chamber today, the important challenge is that the confidence behind that has not been effectively communicated.
The reassurances that I personally received on what will happen to help those who are not able to access online services—including the disabled, those without digital access and those with particularly complex cases—were not communicated.
That is important to making sure that, as HMRC moves forward and policy is developed, we move at a pace with which people are comfortable.
I hope that HMRC’s screeching U-turn is a result of the Minister’s action.
If it is, I congratulate him on stepping in so quickly.
Does he agree that, at a time when more and more people are being dragged into complex tax returns because of fiscal drag, when 1 million people had their calls to HMRC unanswered in January and when a record number of people are putting in their tax returns late because they cannot get information, HMRC should not have adopted such a policy?
Will the Minister give us an assurance that this is not temporary and that whatever help income tax payers require to pay their tax will be made available?
I give the right hon.
Gentleman an assurance on the latter point.
As I have outlined several times today, I think we can all recognise that the move to digital, where appropriate, will relieve the burden on the people answering telephone calls and on some other services, allowing them to deliver precisely the end goal that he describes.
Simplifying the tax system is a goal of Government policy.
I gave an example of people on high incomes with relatively simple tax affairs—those  who pay through PAYE, for example—and we are trying to remove as many of those people as possible from self-assessment.
I completely understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s points.
Although decisions on individual tax cases are rightly managed independently by HMRC, political and public pressure saw this ridiculous decision squashed.
What steps will Ministers take to improve the accountability and performance of HMRC?
There are a variety of channels and tools, including my ministerial oversight.
The Treasury Select Committee and other bodies also play an important part.
I am not suggesting in any way, shape or form that I am removing myself from responsibility for HMRC, as I have ministerial oversight.
If colleagues have concerns, they can always raise them with me.
It is my job to raise those concerns with HMRC.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as I chair the Public and Commercial Services Union parliamentary group.
Does the Minister accept that one of the more disgraceful aspects of this episode is that neither the trade unions nor the staff appear to have been consulted prior to yesterday’s announcement?
Does he accept that this is no way to conduct industrial relations or to deal with staff?
How does he see yesterday’s announcement in the light of the Public Accounts Committee’s comments that the Department has to improve its ability to reach out to taxpayers and that it needs additional resources?
Why are the Government now restricting customer access to the Department?
HMRC and I have heard and respect the views of the PAC and other bodies, including their recommendations and suggestions for improvement.
Of course, many of these bodies suggest that the continuing move towards digital and online is an important part of that process.
As I have said, I do not have day-to-day operational responsibility for HMRC, but I do have oversight.
I proactively requested a meeting with the unions several weeks ago, and that is what I have tended to do in all my ministerial roles.
This is a welcome U-turn, but does my hon.
Friend accept that one of the problems is HMRC’s chronic lack of productivity?
Is that not made worse because so many people are working from home?
My hon.
Friend is correct that a focus on productivity is key, and I can assure him that these are exactly the kinds of conversations that I am having.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is leading a cross-Government review of productivity.
HMRC staff are required to work in the office for 40% of the time.
I have asked HMRC to assess and monitor the productivity of staff who are working from home versus staff working in the office, and there is very little difference.
Because of the concern expressed by my hon.
Friend and others, I will keep an eye on it.
The reprieve is welcome, but if we are to keep these helplines open, can we at least resource them properly and make them work?
I spoke to a chartered accountant in my constituency this morning, and he tells me that when he recently phoned HMRC with a complex query on behalf of a client, it took 40 minutes to get an answer.
When the phone was answered, there was an acknowledgment of the problem.
He suggested that the answer might lie in his client’s wife’s data being incorrectly ordered, at which point he was told that the staff were allowed to handle only one case per call, and that he would have to hang up and phone back, with another 40-minute wait for an answer.
Surely that is no way to treat a customer.