This morning, just after we had requested the urgent question, we found out that the Chancellor had told HMRC to “pause” this change.
That is a U-turn of quite extraordinary speed and indignity, following HMRC’s announcement yesterday that it would be permanently closing its self-assessment helpline altogether for half the year, from April to September.
This morning a Treasury source said “ministers have halted this change immediately”, implying that those Ministers had been taken by surprise by the announcement.
Can the Minister tell us whether any Treasury Ministers had any involvement in the decision announced yesterday, or whether HMRC’s announcement was made without any ministerial involvement?
In announcing the closure of the helpline, HMRC’s second permanent secretary and deputy chief executive said that the changes would “allow our helpline advisers to focus support where it is most needed—helping those with complex tax queries and those who are vulnerable and need extra support.”
Can the Minister confirm that HMRC’s plans to help those who are vulnerable and need extra support are now in tatters after the Chancellor’s chaotic U-turn?
I note that reports of the Chancellor’s position refer to a “pause” of the change, rather than a scrapping of it altogether.
Can the Minister confirm that the self-assessment helpline will now remain fully open this year?
If this plan is merely paused, will HMRC still be looking at months-long periods of closure of the helpline in the future?
It is clear that yesterday’s announcement of the helpline’s closure came not as part of a comprehensive, orderly or effective plan to help customers to move online, but rather as a panicked response to the collapse of HMRC’s service levels to an all-time low; and it is clear from today’s chaotic U-turn that this Government are fundamentally unstable, and have given up on serious governing.
I am sure the hon.
Member is aware that HMRC is a non-ministerial Department.
Ministers set strategy and work closely with the Department on operations and communications.
It is important to recognise that 67,000 people work for HMRC.
They go to work every day and try to do the right thing, and it is important to recognise that many people there work very hard.
The overall strategy is absolutely right
and I completely support it, and I will give the hon.
Member an example of why we need to encourage and support the move to online services.
In 2022-23, HMRC received more than 3 million calls on just three things that can easily be done digitally: resetting online passwords, getting one’s tax code and getting one’s national insurance number.
That involves almost 500 people working full time to answer just those calls, and such resources could be redeployed.
The hon.
Member can be reassured that those who are not digitally savvy and those with difficulties will always be able to access services, including telephone services.