The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on implementing a definition of Islamophobia.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on the work of the anti-Muslim hatred working group.
We will not tolerate anti-Muslim hatred in any form, and we will seek to stamp it out wherever it occurs.
We are appointing an independent adviser to tackle the scourge of anti-Muslim hatred, to join our independent adviser on antisemitism.
We have a programme for tackling anti-Muslim hatred, which includes the consideration of definitions.
It also includes £117 million of funding to protect Muslim places of worship and faith schools until 2028.
Despite what the Minister says, many believe that the Government’s two-year delay in coming up with a definition on Islamophobia—the Conservatives are the only political party in the UK to have taken so long—reflects their indifference to the fear, discrimination and hatred that thousands of Muslims experience.
Why has it taken so long?
We do not agree with the all-party group on British Muslims’ definition of Islamophobia; we believe the most appropriate term is “anti-Muslim hatred”.
Let me explain why.
In this country, there is freedom of religion, and also freedom to criticise a religion.
What someone cannot do is discriminate against or show hatred to me because of my religion.
Alex Cunningham is not here.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
A senior Conservative who went on to become Prime Minister said that Muslim women “look like letter boxes”.
A Conservative candidate for London Mayor said that she wants to defeat her Muslim opponent to make things safer “for our Jewish community”.
A former Conservative deputy chairman said that Islamists have “got control” of the Mayor of London.
Are those incidents of anti-Muslim hatred the kind of incidents that the Minister just said will not be tolerated?
We have made it very clear that a number of these comments we just do not accept—we think they are wrong—but before the hon.
Lady throws abuse at Conservative Members, she should take a look at what is happening on the Labour Benches.
Hers is the only party that has been sanctioned by the Equality and Human Rights Commission for institutional racism.
Her party has now given the Whip back to  the hon.
Member for Middlesbrough (Andy McDonald) , even though the Labour party said that his comments were deeply offensive.
The right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  has also had the Whip suspended because of antisemitism.
It is important that we do not trade abuse about these very serious issues.
[Interruption.]
With respect, that was the tone that I adopted.
Where there are issues with political parties, rather than laughing about them, we should take action.
That is what the Labour party did after the EHRC investigation.
Sadly, the Conservatives have not acted to develop a definition of anti-Muslim hatred.
We have changed, but the Conservatives have not.
A definition was promised, and an adviser was appointed to develop one five years ago—perhaps the Minister is unaware of that—but today there is still no definition.
There is no adviser now, no active anti-Muslim hate crime working group, no hate crime strategy, and minimal action on tackling online hate.
When are the Government going to wake up to this problem?
As I said, this Government are completely committed to supporting our Muslim communities.
We have said that we will appoint an independent adviser.
We have made more money available to protect mosques and Muslim faith schools.
I am visiting my local mosque, al-Manaar, this afternoon/early evening to attend an Iftar.
If one looks at the composition of the Conservative Front Bench and at how diverse the people there are, one can see clearly that our party is committed to diversity and equality.
What recent steps the Government have taken to implement the HIV action plan.
What recent steps the Government have taken to implement the HIV action plan.
Our 2021 HIV action plan sets out actions to achieve no new HIV transmissions by 2030 in England.
To deliver that, the Department of Health and Social Care is investing more than £4.5 million between 2021 and 2025 to deliver the HIV prevention programme.
Happy St Cuthbert’s day, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on all the work done in the fight against HIV, but does he agree that if we are to reach our commitment of zero transmissions by 2030, we need a four-pronged approach that includes improved sex education, an expansion of opt-out testing, better availability of pre-exposure prophylaxis, and finding the 13,000 people with HIV who are lost to care?
My hon.
Friend’s suggestions are right.
Through opt-out testing, we have identified 1,000 cases of undiagnosed and untreated HIV.
We have expanded that testing to a further 47 emergency rooms, so that we can find even more people.
On the availability of PrEP, we are gathering evidence to understand why some population groups who would benefit from it are not accessing it; this is still an important area of work for us as a Government.
Since the funding has been secured for opt-out HIV testing in very high prevalence areas as part of the HIV action plan that I published when I was Minister for public health in 2021, the scheme has far exceeded expectations; over 4,000 people were newly diagnosed with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C in just four cities in 21 months.
The scheme also disproportionately identified women, people of black African ethnicity and older people with those blood-borne diseases.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on progress in expanding the programme to an additional 47 hospitals across England, including in Derby and Nottingham, and confirm that work is under way to ensure that opt-out testing will continue beyond April 2025?
I put on record my thanks to my hon.
Friend for the amazing work she did in the Department; the initiative has been a great success story.
It is amazing that we have been able to find more cases, which is precisely why an extra £20 million has been allocated to increase the testing.
I will write to colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care about what will happen post 2025, but we are doing lots of other work with partners, such as the Terrence Higgins Trust, to ensure that we do everything we can to make this important goal a reality.
In Northern Ireland, we have a proactive HIV action plan, but it is always good to share information about the work that is done here, and the work that is done back home.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department of Health in Northern Ireland on extending the HIV action plan guidelines to Northern Ireland?
Let us exchange good ideas and move forward together.
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we should always share information and best practice.
I will make sure that colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care hear his request and ensure that happens.
At the end of the day, it is in all our shared interests to get to that goal by 2030.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for Israeli victims of sexual abuse by Hamas.