The Prime Minister should be aware that the people of Romford are appalled by the catastrophic reign of the current Mayor of London.
Does he agree that traditional boroughs such as Havering should have more independence  from City Hall?
In the meantime, to save London, should we not sack Sadiq and elect Susan Hall as the next Mayor of our capital?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for his championing of his area and for his passion to preserve its character.
Although there are no current plans to redraw the boundaries, I understand his desire, especially with London being run by the Labour Mayor.
With nightlife decimated, crime increasing and the Mayor raising taxes on hard-working people by more than 8%, London can certainly do better.
The only way for pride to be restored in London is with Susan Hall as its  new Mayor.
Sunday was the second anniversary of P&O Ferries’ illegal sacking of 786 British seafarers.
Despite what Ministers have said, P&O has faced no sanction, and this Government’s new code of practice on fire and rehire would not stop it happening again.
This Parliament will be the worst on record for living standards, and real wages are still worth less than in 2008.
After 14 years, why have this Government failed to deliver a better deal for workers across Britain?
As the Chancellor recently pointed out, living standards are £1,700 higher in real terms than in 2010.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to protect working people in this country, perhaps he should have a chat with his shadow Chancellor about her plans to impose £28 billion of tax rises on everyone in our country.
After decades of a Labour MP, Wrexham was known as “spice town”.
But not any more: in the last four years, we have become a city with a £160 million investment zone, £20 million from the towns fund and £23 million from the shared prosperity fund.
We are soon to have the largest trading estate in Europe, with more jobs than jobseekers.
We have secured the future of Hightown Barracks and Hollywood has boosted our football club!
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is this Conservative MP and this Conservative Government who are delivering for Wrexham?
[ “More!”]
My hon.
Friend has been an excellent campaigner for Wrexham, putting it on the map after years of decline under the Labour party.
It is the heart of one of Wales’s investment zones, with our plan for towns helping to regenerate the local high street and improve public safety.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that with a great campaigner like herself, the next five years will only look brighter for Wrexham.
Last week, the Prime Minister rightly called Conservative party donor Frank Hester’s comments about my right hon.
Friend the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) racist.
It has since emerged that Mr Hester has made comments that a group of Indian members of staff should “Climb on the roof, like on the roof of the train” and made reference to “Asian corner”.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that those comments are racist— yes or no?
I addressed this last week, and the Minister for Women and Equalities addressed it just half an hour ago.