The increase in antisemitism and Islamophobia is eye-watering.
It should be of serious concern to us all.
Urgent action is needed on both fronts, and community cohesion and dialogue must be a priority.
In recent months, there has been a 335% increase in Islamophobic hate cases in the UK.
None the less, and despite our just having had the International Day to Combat Islamophobia, the UK Government have not convened the anti-Muslim hatred working group in more than four years.
Now that the next anti-Muslim hatred adviser has quit over extremist threats, we need concrete answers.
When will the Government take tackling Islamophobia seriously?
On behalf of the Government, I pass on my condolences.
We have made it incredibly clear that the Government are completely committed to tackling anti-Muslim hatred.
We have upped the amount of money  going towards the protection of mosques and Muslim faith schools.
We are about to appoint a new anti-Muslim hatred adviser.
This is an effort across Government.
I completely agree that the levels of both anti-Muslim hatred and antisemitism that we see at the moment are not acceptable.
That is why we are dealing with it.
What steps she is taking to help increase inclusivity and accessibility at work for disabled people.
The Government have a programme of initiatives to support disabled people and people with health conditions in starting, staying and succeeding in work.
That includes Access to Work, Disability Confident, and a digital information service for employers, which aim to increase inclusivity and accessibility for disabled people in the workplace.
The Beacon Centre for the Blind in Sedgley does amazing work.
Meeting Kaydee and Nathan, who are partially sighted employees, was an inspiring experience.
My visit to the centre served as a strong reminder of the significant day-to-day challenges that vulnerable people experience in doing things that able people take for granted.
What more can the Minister and her Department do to raise awareness and better support charities such as the Beacon Centre and its users?
I met representatives from the Disability Charities Consortium yesterday, and some of those matters were discussed.
We have invested £2 billion in improving inclusivity and accessibility at work for disabled people and people facing health barriers.
We have hundreds of jobcentres across the country, and fantastic work coaches are tapping into extra support through our network of disability employment advisers to assist people just like Kaydee and Nathan.
Adjustments are often vital for helping disabled people in their job, but Scope says that disabled workers face many issues with the Access to Work scheme, including a long wait for an assessment, a cap on costs, and  low awareness of the scheme among disabled people.
Only 40% of them know about it.
Will the Minister work with her Cabinet colleagues to improve the Access to Work scheme and prevent the disability employment gap from widening?
The Access to Work scheme is a demand-led personalised discretionary grant, but working with employers, looking around occupational health and other interventions to support people are equally as important.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that I met my officials yesterday about the Access to Work scheme.
I am looking at any delays, any impacts and any changes every couple of weeks to ensure that people who want to work and need support can get it in a timely fashion.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am pleased to announce today that the independent inclusion at work panel has launched their report on achieving fairness and inclusion for all in the workplace.
The report, part of our inclusive Britain agenda, sets out how employers can do away with ineffective, divisive and poor-quality diversity and inclusion practices.
It notes that the UK employs almost twice as many diversity and inclusion workers per head as any other country.
Instead, we should focus resources on interventions backed by evidence, which will benefit all people.
I thank the panel for their hard work and thoughtful consideration on this issue.
My young disabled constituent Ella Wakley in Braunton goes to college, but her blue badge is accepted on buses only after 9.30 am, which is too late, so she has to pay for herself and her travel assistant.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that improve accessibility for people such as Ella, who are trying to get on with their everyday lives?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is a great advocate for her North Devon constituents.
In the national bus strategy, the Department for Transport committed to conducting a wholesale review of the English national concessionary travel scheme.
That will include reviewing eligibility and extensions to travel times for older and disabled people.