Yesterday saw the Northern Ireland Assembly for the first time in its history exercise its new veto powers to prevent the application of new EU law that would harm our ability to trade with the rest of the United Kingdom.
That is something that the DUP campaigned to achieve when others were calling for rigorous implementation of the protocol.
To his credit, the Prime Minister was able to work with us to deliver the real changes to the protocol that will help to restore Northern Ireland’s place within the United Kingdom and its internal market.
Will the Prime Minister now assure me that the Government will continue to faithfully implement the measures outlined in the Command Paper, “Safeguarding the Union”, including fully restoring our place within the United Kingdom and its internal market and ending the unnecessary checks on goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland?
I want to congratulate my right hon.
Friend again on his leadership of Unionism.
I agree that it has been an encouraging few weeks, and  I salute the work of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister in representing the future of Northern Ireland.
I assure him that we will implement our commitments at pace, including further regulations to be laid before this House in the coming days to take power to deliver those commitments on UK internal trade.
We are also hosting the first meeting of the UK East-West Council and establishing Intertrade UK, but it comes down to this fundamental point, and I know that he will agree: Northern Ireland’s place is stronger in the Union, with locally elected politicians in place representing the needs of all parts of the community.
Noting the National Audit Office report today on the spiralling costs of using ex-military bases for migrants, and noting that the Home Office has announced this week that it is to reduce the projected numbers at RAF Scampton down to 800, will the Prime Minister ensure that an immigration Minister meets West Lindsey District Council and me urgently, so that we can release most of this iconic RAF base— the home of the Red Arrows and the Dambusters—for regeneration?
I pay tribute to the way that my right hon.
Friend has engaged with the Government on this important issue for his local community.
As he acknowledged, our plan is working to cut the use of asylum hotels, and we will have closed 100 hotels next week, on top of cutting small boat arrivals.
I know that he is talking to the Minister for Legal Migration and  the Border, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , about how best to accommodate a smaller number of asylum seekers safely at RAF Scampton, while recognising the council’s ambitious plans for regeneration.
I fully support those discussions, and the Government are committed to the site being used for accommodation for the shortest possible time and then released for the benefit of the local community.
Our NHS is at breaking point.
My constituent was told that he needed a gall bladder operation after  a visit to accident and emergency.
He waited all day in hospital, nil by mouth, and had no operation.
He was then told to stay overnight or risk his place on the list, so he sat in a hot, smelly, windowless waiting room for eight hours on a plastic chair.
Then a gurney came with no pillow, and that is where he slept.
The next day, the nurses said, “No operation.
There just aren’t any beds.”
His wife told me that the Conservatives are running the NHS into the ground.
Given his experience, which  so many others across the country share, how can he  say otherwise?
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and I am sure she will be raising it with the local NHS trust as well.
The NHS is, of course, recovering from a difficult two years, but it has received considerable backing from  this Government, including record investment, as was acknowledged by the NHS chief executive officer just the other week, and a plan to improve productivity in the future.
We have invested in 5,000 new beds over the last year and more ambulances.
All of that is contributing to lower waiting times, waiting lists coming down and an improved A&E performance over the last year.
The people of the eastern villages of Guildford—the Clandons, the Horsleys, Effingham, Ripley, Send and Ockham—have had enough.
Unwanted development and villages taken out of the green belt without promised infrastructure is why I have been calling for an immediate review of the local plan for the last three years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s promise of concreting over the green belt, even against the wishes of local MPs, would simply add insult to injury?
Unlike both the Liberal Democrats and the Labour party, who believe in top-down targets that decimate the green belt, we believe in local people having a say over their local communities.
That is why we are committed to protecting and enhancing the green belt.
The national planning policy includes strong protections to safeguard this important land.
I note that my hon.
Friend’s local plan is currently under review by the council, which has indicated that it will be updating it, and I hope my hon.
Friend and her constituents engage with that process to help shape Guildford for future generations.
The EU High Representative for foreign policy, Josep Borrell, said on Monday that Israel is provoking famine in Gaza and using starvation as a weapon of war.
President Biden has said that there should be no attack on Rafah without a plan to ensure the safety of the  more than 1 million people living there.
Does the Prime Minister agree with High Representative Borrell and President Biden?
Because I do, and we need a ceasefire.
If he does agree, will he say so here in the Chamber today?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, I have explained to the Opposition repeatedly that the findings from the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification initiative are gravely concerning.
It is clear that the status quo is unsustainable, and we need urgent action now to avoid a famine.
The UK is doing all it can to get more aid in and prevent a worsening crisis.
Two thousand tonnes of UK-funded food aid, including flour and hot meals, is being distributed by the World Food Programme in Gaza today, as we speak, and it is enough to feed more than 275,000 people.
We will continue to do everything we can to alleviate the suffering that people are experiencing.
Whether the Government plan to intervene in the running of children’s services by Herefordshire Council.
The Department for Education is mounting a significant intervention in Herefordshire’s children’s services, including expert improvement advice, a commissioner with statutory powers to direct the council, and a two-year improvement partnership with Leeds.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Department is closely monitoring the council’s progress.