With violent prisoners released early because the Tories wrecked the criminal justice system, 3,500 small boat arrivals already this year because the Tories lost control of the borders, the NHS struggling to see people because the Tories broke it, millions paying more on their mortgages, a Budget that hit pensioners and a £46 billion hole in his sums, why is the Prime Minister so scared to call an election?
As I said in January, my working assumption is that the election will be in the second half of the year.
I must say, I thought that out of everybody, the Leader of the Opposition would be the most grateful, because he has now actually got time to come up with a plan for Britain.
We are all looking forward to finally seeing it.
Oh, we are ready—just call it.
Let us just take the Prime Minister’s Rwanda policy.
When the Tories first announced this gimmick, they claimed it would settle tens of thousands of people.
The Home Office then whittled it down to a mere 300.
Four  times that number have already arrived this month, and the backlog stands at 130,000.
Can the Prime Minister see any flaw in his plan to deport less than 1% of that backlog?
Since I became Prime Minister, the number of small boat crossings is actually down by over a third.
That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding and we have increased illegal immigration enforcement raids by 70%.
We have closed 7,500 bank accounts, deported 24,000 illegal migrants and processed over 112,000 cases—more than at any point in the last two decades.
It is crystal clear, as we are seeing from the Labour party’s opposition in this House, that while we are committed to stopping the boats, the Labour party would keep them coming.
The tragedy is we know the Prime Minister does not even believe in the Rwanda gimmick.
He tried to stop funding it, but he is now so diminished that his entire focus is stopping his MPs holding the sword of Damocles above his head—perhaps even literally in the case of the Leader of the House.
His great hope is to placate those in his party with a couple of empty planes, praying they will not notice when the flights stop going, the boats are still coming and the costs keep mounting.
How has he managed to spend £600 million of taxpayer money on a gimmick to deport 300 people?
It is crystal clear that not only does the Labour party not have a plan to fix this issue, but the truth is it does not actually care about fixing this issue.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about gangs.
When we gave the police new powers to crack down on the people-smuggling gangs, he spent months campaigning and voting against it.
But thanks to our new laws, 900 criminals have been arrested and 450 have been convicted, serving over 370 years behind bars.
If it was up to him, those criminals would still be out on our streets.
The truth is that, if he was not the Labour leader, he would still want to be their lawyer.
[Hon.
Members: “More!]
Order.
I have prosecuted more people smugglers than the Prime Minister has had helicopter rides, and that is a lot.
[Interruption.]
I have done it.
This Rwanda gimmick is going to cost the taxpayer £2 million for every one of his 300 people that they deport.
I know the Prime Minister likes to spend a lot on jet-setting, but that is some plane ticket.
It is the cost of Tory chaos, and it is working people who are paying the price.
The man he made his Immigration Minister let the cat out of the bag when he said the Prime Minister’s “symbolic flights…will not provide a credible…deterrent”.
We know the Prime Minister himself thought it would not work.
If the people selling this gimmick do not believe in it, why should the country?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is very keen to talk about who he prosecuted.
He is a bit less keen to talk about when he defended Hizb ut-Tahrir.
But when it comes to this question of how to deal with people who are here illegally, his values are simply not those of the British people.
After  all, this is the person who campaigned to stop the deportation of foreign dangerous criminals.
A dangerous criminal was jailed for dealing class A drugs after he fought to keep him here.
A gangmaster was convicted of carrying a knife after he fought to keep him here.
So whether it is representing terrorists or campaigning for criminals, it is clear whose side he is on, and it is not the British people’s.
It is genuinely sad to see the Prime Minister reduced to this nonsense.
Let us take another example, which I started with.
[Interruption.]
Order.
After 14 years of Tory chaos in the prison system, the Justice Secretary was reduced to begging the Prime Minister either to send fewer offenders to prison or to release them even earlier.
I must say I have sympathy for anyone trying to get an answer out of the Prime Minister.
So what is it going to be: fewer criminals behind bars in the first place, or more released early on to our streets?
Which is it?
Thanks to our record and plan, violent crime has fallen by 50%.
We have recruited more police officers, given them more powers and kept serious offenders in prison for longer.
What is the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s record?
He voted against greater protection for our emergency workers, opposed tougher sentences for violent criminals and failed to give police the powers they need.
It would be back to square one with Labour—soft on crime and soft on criminals.
You can see why he doesn’t want an election, Mr Speaker, why his party have lost faith in him, and why half his Cabinet are lining up to replace him—no answers, no plan, no clue.
The Prime Minister has never had the courage to stand up to his party, so let me help him out and say to them what he wishes he could say: the mortgage mayhem, the waiting lists, the criminals walking free—they are the cost of Tory chaos.
And if they cannot bring themselves to stop the endless games and gimmicks, and stop putting themselves before country, they should pack up, go home, and waste somebody else’s time.
It wasn’t that difficult, was it, Prime Minister?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about his ideas, but we are two weeks on from the Budget.
The shadow Chancellor found time to make a one-hour speech last night, and we still do not know how Labour is going to pay for its £28 billion black hole.
But while he tries to talk down Britain and the progress we are making, today’s news shows that the plan is working—inflation down, energy bills down, wages up, pensions up, and taxes cut by £900.
That is the choice: higher taxes and back to square one with Labour, or tax cuts and real change with the Conservatives.
The UK birth rate is falling, the while numbers of those requiring fertility treatment to conceive are rising.
There are no employment rights attached to those undertaking fertility treatment, and no paid time off work.
Will the Prime Minister join me in encouraging employers, large and small and across  the United Kingdom, to sign up to the fertility workplace pledge that I have launched with Fertility Matters  at Work, LGBT Mummies, Fertility Network UK and many others, to support those undertaking fertility treatment when they are in work?
May I start by thanking my hon.
Friend for her excellent work campaigning on this issue?
She is right: employers should offer their staff understanding, support, and flexibility while they are undergoing fertility treatment.
The best way to improve the experience of those undergoing treatment, both women and their partners, is through voluntary approaches.
That is why I join my hon.
Friend in encouraging all companies to sign up to the fertility workplace pledge.