Last week, the Minister for Women and Equalities rightly called the comments of Conservative party donor Frank Hester about  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  “racist.”
It has since emerged that Mr Hester has said that a group of Indian members of staff should “climb on the roof, like on the roof of the train” and has made reference to “Asian corner.”
Does the Minister agree that those comments are racist—yes  or no?
I understand why the Labour party insists on bringing this issue up over and over again, but Mr Hester has apologised for his comments, we have welcomed his apology, and we are drawing a line under it.
We are focused on what matters to the people of this country.
I had letters last week from people telling me that we were wasting time focusing on issues that were not relevant to them.
We need to focus on what matters to the British people.
Boys lag behind girls at every level at school, creating a gender attainment gap that has been in place for some 30 years.
Will the Minister meet headteachers and a working group to see what we can do to reduce that gap?
I should be happy to.
We want all children to reach their full potential.
Will the Minister clarify when the right moment is to move on from a Tory donor calling for an MP to be shot in the context of hating all black women?
Is it when there is an apology for rudeness?
Is it when £5 million more has arrived in Tory coffers?
Is it when she tires of explaining racism to her party?
Or is it  when the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) says that justice has been done?
I am not going to take any lectures whatsoever from Labour Members.
This is a good time to remind the House that it is only the Labour party that has been sanctioned for institutional racism by the Equality and Human Rights Commission.
It continues to disappoint its members.
Where is the Forde report?
Why is  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  complaining that nothing has been done about racism in the Labour party?
We will take no lectures from them.
Despite an overwhelming consultation response and promises from the Government, caste as a protected characteristic still hangs over the Hindu community.
We have now established that the current provision could be removed via statutory instrument.
Will my right hon.
Friend take the opportunity to remove it once and for all before the general election?
I commend my hon.
Friend, who has been working diligently on this important issue.
Our view is that we need to do that through primary legislation.
I recognise that it is important to many of his constituents and others, so I would be more than happy to meet him to see whether we can discuss a way forward.
Compassion in Care’s helpline received 486 reports of homophobic abuse in care homes over the past four years, yet 481 of the service providers accounted for in those allegations are still rated as good by the Care Quality Commission.
Will the Minister work with Cabinet colleagues to end discrimination against LGBTQ residents in care homes to ensure they are safe in the care system, and would she support the development of a “Pride in Care” quality mark and an LGBTQ+ care champions scheme?
If only that cheer was for me.
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point—it is something I feel really passionately about myself, and it is going to increase in prevalence as we get generations becoming older, because people have been more out in recent years.
I have been speaking to people about this important area of work, and will continue to raise it with colleagues in relevant Departments.