Mark's service has benefited small businesses and

the constituents of our First Congressional District in innumerable

ways.
I applaud his decades of commitment, and I express my gratitude

on behalf of Rhode Islanders across every community for Mark's

dedication.
I understand Mark's retirement has been planned since before the

COVID-19 pandemic.
However, Mark opted to continue to serve an

additional few long years to help ensure that the Rhode Island small

business community saw its way through the crisis.
Mark's decision to help his community get to the other side of such a

major event is the mark of a true public servant--one who is willing to

put others first no matter the circumstances.
The success of so many small businesses across our state is because

of Mark's many decades of hard work and expertise.
For so many small

business leaders, Mark's steady leadership was a lifeline.
Whether

helping small businesses navigate the Paycheck Protection Program or

helping new business owners access the technical resources they needed

to be successful, Mark has been relentlessly focused on growing our

economy through his public service during his long and effective entire

career.
I wish Mark some very well-deserved rest and time off with his wife

Nancy, his children, and grandchildren.
I know Mark's commitment to our

community is thread throughout every fiber of his being and that he

will continue to serve his fellow Rhode Islanders for many years to

come.
Happy retirement to Mark, and I thank him for all he has done for

Rhode Island.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT JESSICA WYMAN

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of

Lieutenant Jessica Wyman of the Nashua Fire Department, who, on

November 28, 2023, passed away after her battle with cancer.
Lieutenant Wyman was not only an exemplary public servant working two

jobs as a firefighter and an ER nurse, but also a trailblazer for women

in the fire service.
She was the first female firefighter to be

promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in Nashua Fire Department history.
She also led week-long summer camps to help women get involved in the

fire service.
Lieutenant Wyman will be remembered as many things: a hero, a

professional, a civil servant, a trailblazer, a community leader, and a

friend.
My heart is with Jessica's husband, Chris, her family, and the

Nashua Fire Department.
May she rest in peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE PHOEBUS HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM ON THEIR STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Phoebus High School Football Team from Hampton, Virginia on becoming

the Virginia High School League's Class 4 State Champions.
On Saturday, December 9, 2023, the Phoebus Phantoms won the Class 4

State Championship Game against the Salem High School Spartans with a

score of 21-14.
This is the third year in a row Phoebus High School has

claimed a state championship title following two consecutive victories

in the Class 3 division.
Led by Coach Jeremy Blunt, the Phantoms won

this title on the tail end of an equally astounding season.
Phoebus

High School closed their season undefeated, with a record of 15 wins

and 0 losses, and maintained a 35-game winning streak going back to the

two previous seasons.
Throughout the game, the Phantoms and Spartans fought back and forth

for control of the scoreboard, with the victor only being determined in

the final moments of the game.
The two teams, tied 14-14, were

seemingly set for a showdown in overtime.
But with one second remaining

on the clock, freshman quarterback Maurikus Banks completed a pass to

senior wide receiver Keyontae Gray, who ran the ball for an 86-yard

touchdown to secure the championship.