Throughout the game, the Phantoms and Spartans fought back and forth

for control of the scoreboard, with the victor only being determined in

the final moments of the game.
The two teams, tied 14-14, were

seemingly set for a showdown in overtime.
But with one second remaining

on the clock, freshman quarterback Maurikus Banks completed a pass to

senior wide receiver Keyontae Gray, who ran the ball for an 86-yard

touchdown to secure the championship.
The determination it took for

these young athletes to keep fighting down to the end is an example for

all of us.
Because of their hard work, they have made our community

proud.
Mr. Speaker, I want to again congratulate the Phoebus High School

Football Team and thank Coach Blunt, the parents, and the entire

Phoebus High School community for supporting these students throughout

this remarkable season.
I wish them the best in their future endeavors,

and I wish the program continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JUSTIN VALDEZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Justin Valdez

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Justin has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Justin, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Justin's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Wheat Ridge

High School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Justin Valdez on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN BRIDGET GREENE

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to recognize

Captain Bridget Greene of the United States Marine Corps, for her

service to Wisconsin's Eighth Congressional District and my national

security team as my 2023 Defense Fellow.
Captain Greene started in our office as a First Lieutenant, this

year's youngest defense fellow in Congress.
From leading her Marines as

a logistician for Marine Aircraft Group 24 stationed at Kaneohe Bay, to

serving as the Executive Assistant to the Chief of Staff of U.S. Indo-

Pacific Command, she has made immeasurable contributions to the Marine

Corps and to the Joint Force prior to joining our office as a part of

the Department of Defense Legislative Fellowship Program.
She brought

her operational experience--especially her expertise of the Indo-

Pacific area of responsibility--to our office and Armed Services

Committee work, sharpening the tactical effectiveness of our National

Defense Authorization Act policies focused on strengthening the

American military's advantage in deterring aggression vis-a-vis China.
Like Peeps in the microwave, her influence was ever expanding.
As

duty called, Captain Greene not only crafted brilliant legislation to

support in-theater logistics and streamline our military partnership

with allies and partners, she also worked day-in and day-out with

Wisconsin's veterans, and provided unconventional and matchless counsel

on bill designations to guarantee awareness of my policy priorities,

notably the Deterring Attempts at Dirty Deals by Youngsters Act.
While

she is a native New Yorker, she quickly adopted the Northeast Wisconsin

ethos by embracing a love of cheese curds, dairy animals, and Al

Johnson's rooftop goats.
Through her responsibilities, she exemplified the Marine Corps motto

``Semper Fidelis''--Always Faithful.
This eternal and collective

commitment to the progress of our nation and steadfast loyalty to the

Corps is evident in every moment of her service to my office.