It

is with gratitude that I thank her for her work and her talents.
From day one, Taylor has been dedicated to ensuring that the

constituents of my district felt connected to my work, both at home and

in Washington.
She developed a streamlined process for expanding and

managing contact with constituents on the issues that matter most to

them.
Under her leadership, we were able to expand our subscriber base

significantly and provide accessible channels for the people of the

39th District to feel connected to their Member of Congress and this

legislative body.
Taylor proved to be a strong advocate and valuable voice for our most

important legislative priorities.
She steered our communications team

through some of our greatest legislative accomplishments, including the

introduction of the Equality Act and the passage of the Korean Valor

Act into law.
Despite the challenges of being in the minority, her

innovative vision for our social media stood out.
To the members of her

communications team, she has been a mentor and a model of running an

effective, relationship-based comms shop.
Above all, Taylor has been a joyful presence in my office.
She is

cheerful, sharp, and quick-witted, and her jokes often make it to my

social media pages.
She is known for always being good for a laugh or a

heart-to-heart chat among my staff.
Wherever she may go down the road,

she will always be a member of Team Takano.
I am enormously grateful to Taylor for her contributions.
She will be

dearly missed, and I wish her luck in her next adventure.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RENEE HERNANDEZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Renee Hernandez

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for youth Award.
Renee has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Renee, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Renee's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Arvada K-8

School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Renee Hernandez on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.