Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE JOHNNY WAYNE "JUDGE" McLARTY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
206

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE JOHNNY WAYNE ``JUDGE'' McLARTY

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life

of The Honorable Johnny Wayne ``Judge'' McLarty who died on Monday,

December 11, 2023, at Baptist Memorial Hospital--North Mississippi.
Born on May 28, 1950, to the late Clara Mae and John Murry McLarty,

Judge spent his entire life in Oxford, dedicating his heart and soul to

his community.
Serving as a judge since 1979, he was the second-

longest-elected Justice Court Judge in the State of Mississippi.
Renowned as a devoted Ole Miss Sports enthusiast, he earned legendary

status in Left Field and ushered in countless fans over the years.
While he cherished his Rebels, his greatest joy came from supporting

the Lafayette County School District and its athletic programs.
Throughout the years, he actively participated in various roles,

including coach, umpire, and videographer.
He even drove a bus route

for nearly two decades.
As a charter member of the Splinter Valley

Hunting Club, he enjoyed numerous days engaged in hunting and fishing.
Judge was a dedicated member of Taylor Baptist Church and the Mason

Lodge #33 in Oxford, fostering cherished friendships among his fellow

masons.
In addition to his judicial duties, he volunteered as a deputy

with the sheriff's department, served as a 911 dispatcher, and worked

as an EMT at Oxford-Lafayette County Hospital.
His ability to

fulfillment in his career was a testament to his passion.
Judge was not only a central figure in numerous professional and

personal circles but, most importantly, the cornerstone of his family.
He never missed a significant event in the lives of his children and

grandchildren, going

so far as to livestream a graduation from his hospital bed.
His

unwavering commitment to his career, friends, and family endured until

his final moments.
Mere hours before his passing, he was sworn in for

his 12th term as Justice Court Judge, a ceremony presided over by his

longtime friend, Judge Howorth.
Even now, his thoughts centered on his

loved ones and the community he was honored to serve.
In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife,

Debbie Tatum McLarty, and his sister, Jeanette Wells.
Judge is survived

by his daughter, Deanna McLarty Massey and her husband, Bruce; son,

Chad McLarty and his wife, April; brothers-in-law, Dewey Wells and

Jimmy Tatum and his wife, Theda; seven grandchildren, Austin McLarty

(Caitlan), Lee Murray McLarty, Alexis McLarty, Taylor Jackson, Bailey

Jackson, Rex Massey, and Smith Massey; and two great-grandchildren,

Myles McLarty and May Ann McLarty.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT JAVIER MILEI

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the American people extend

congratulations to the Honorable Javier Milei on being sworn in as the

President of Argentina on Sunday, December 10, 2023.
His success as a

member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, as well as a

macroeconomics professor, author, and radio host, demonstrates his

ability to be a great versatile leader.
Best wishes to President Javier Milei for continued success to

address Argentina's economic crisis alleviating poverty, creating jobs,

and promoting prosperity.
Historically Argentina with its enterprising citizens and natural

resources has been recognized for extraordinary capabilities.
I still

cherish, as a teenager, in Charleston, South Carolina, meeting

Argentine President Arturo Frondizi when he arrived at the Fort Sumter

Hotel on the historic Charleston Battery at White Point Garden.
The inauguration of President Milei featured an overwhelming amount

of support for him, as thousands of people from across the country and

foreign dignitaries from around the world, including Ukrainian

President Volodymyr Zelensky, gathered in downtown Buenos Aires on

Sunday.