From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GUILLERMO A. AHUMADA

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

outstanding contributions of Guillermo A. Ahumada, a distinguished

journalist with a passion for giving back to his community.
Mr. Ahumada has demonstrated exceptional professionalism in

journalism, lending his talents to various television stations,

including Telemundo 52 and Univision 34, and different radio networks.
His work on these stations is notable, and his commitment to

representing and advocating for the issues of diverse populations

shines through in his reporting.
He continues to be a prominent voice

on immigration, health, and workers' rights issues, and brings

attention to stories of impact with his journalism and special reports.
Mr. Ahumada currently serves as the Director of Noticias de Vision, a

Latino network where he plays a crucial role in coordinating the news

department, scheduling, and supervising the selection of news--

particularly topics of interest to the Latino community.
Outside of his role in the media, Mr. Ahumada is passionate about

being of service to his community.
He is the Executive Director of

Chaplains Counselors, a nonprofit organization that has been

instrumental in supporting low-income families and fostering self-

esteem and personal growth among participants.
The organization

provides educational workshops on several vital topics, including

domestic violence, drug abuse, and family counseling.
Mr. Ahumada also serves as the Colonel of Chaplains of the

International Federation of Christian Chaplains.
In this capacity, he

leads and teaches individuals dedicated to helping those at risk,

whether in prison, hospitals, or facing drug addiction.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and recognizing Guillermo

A. Ahumada for his tireless efforts, professional accomplishments, and

contributions to the Latino community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHERIFF CULLEN TALTON

HON.
AUSTIN SCOTT

Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate

the career of a devoted patriot and civil servant in Houston County,

Georgia, Sheriff Cullen Talton.
Mr. Talton's dedicated career in law enforcement has spanned over

five decades,

making him the longest-serving sheriff in the history of the State of

Georgia.
Born in 1932 in Bonaire, Georgia, Mr. Talton was a Houston

County commissioner and a dairy farmer before being elected sheriff in

1972.
When he first took office, Mr, Talton was responsible for a

department of just 28 employees, which has grown to over 300 today.
Additionally, Houston County had a population of 63,000 in 1972 and now

boasts over 170,000 residents, which Mr. Talton has selflessly

dedicated his career to protecting and serving.
He is a shining example

for all law enforcement officers to aspire to.
Family and friends describe Sheriff Talton as a ``role model,'' a

``servant,'' and a ``peacekeeper.''
He has embodied the meaning of each

County.
I wish Mr. Talton a long and healthy retirement, surrounded by

the family and friends he has served tirelessly throughout his esteemed

career.
I would like to thank Sheriff Talton for his years of service to our

community and our country.
It is an honor to represent such outstanding

constituents like him in the Eighth Congressional District of Georgia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATOR DISTRICT DIRECTOR FOR RHODE

ISLAND MARK HAYWARD

HON.
GABE AMO

Mr. AMO.
Mr. Speaker, Rhode Islanders know that small businesses are

the backbone of every city and town in our great state.
It is my

distinct pleasure to honor Small Business Administrator District

Director for Rhode Island Mark Hayward for his long and important

service to our state.
Mark's service has benefited small businesses and

the constituents of our First Congressional District in innumerable

ways.
I applaud his decades of commitment, and I express my gratitude

on behalf of Rhode Islanders across every community for Mark's

dedication.
I understand Mark's retirement has been planned since before the

COVID-19 pandemic.