While

she is a native New Yorker, she quickly adopted the Northeast Wisconsin

ethos by embracing a love of cheese curds, dairy animals, and Al

Johnson's rooftop goats.
Through her responsibilities, she exemplified the Marine Corps motto

``Semper Fidelis''--Always Faithful.
This eternal and collective

commitment to the progress of our nation and steadfast loyalty to the

Corps is evident in every moment of her service to my office.
From

recruiting future Marines in our intern cohorts simply by being an

example of what a Marine is and could be, to being a trustworthy and

honest adviser on the most pressing issues of national security, and

all the while demonstrating the highest class and unwavering kindness

to my constituents and my staff, during her time here, she is a

truehearted patriot and I am proud to call her a fellow Marine.
I wish Bridget the best of luck as she continues her Marine Corps

career.
She will no doubt excel and impress in her future endeavors, to

the benefit of this country.
I thank her for her service to the

military and the people of Wisconsin, over the course of this year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
LUCETIA MANWARING

HON.
DANIEL T. KILDEE

Mr. KILDEE.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join

me in recognizing Ms. Lucetia Manwaring as she marks her retirement

from public service after 30 years as a congressional staff member.
As

a Casework Manager in my office, Ms. Manwaring has established herself

as a dedicated and distinguished professional with a demonstrated

record of achievement.
Lucetia has served our country in many ways, including in the U.S.

Navy from 1989 to 1993.
During this time, she served on the U.S. Navy

Submarine Base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii; Nuclear Repair Division; served

honorably in U.S. Desert Storm campaign; and was a member of the U.S.

Ready Reserve from 1993 to 2000.
In addition, she has received several

awards, including the Navy Wide Command Award, the National Defense

Service Medal for Desert Storm, and a Naval Citation.
Lucetia received her Master of Science in Human Services from Capella

University, and her Bachelor of Business Administration from Davenport

University.
She was a member of the Dean's List upon completing both

degrees.
Since 1994, Ms. Manwaring has helped thousands of constituents

throughout the state of Michigan.
Her tenure began as a staff member

for my uncle, retired U.S. Congressman Dale Kildee.
She met Congressman

Dale Kildee while serving in the Navy and began her career as a staff

member shortly thereafter.
Upon his retirement, I was grateful to have

her join my staff as well.
Ms. Manwaring's career is a true example of public service.
Throughout her career she has been a tireless advocate for her

community and her work has had a lasting impact on the lives of

hundreds of Michiganders.
I am grateful to be represented by such

dedicated employees who work hard to make our community and Nation a

better place.
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Ms. Lucetia Manwaring for her unwavering

commitment to public service and extend my heartfelt gratitude for her

years of service to our great country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TAYLOR DOGGETT FOR HER PUBLIC SERVICE ON BEHALF OF THE 39TH

DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Taylor Doggett and her

tremendous work as my Communications Director.
In her time in my

office, she has been an outstanding leader, mentor, and colleague.
It

is with gratitude that I thank her for her work and her talents.
From day one, Taylor has been dedicated to ensuring that the

constituents of my district felt connected to my work, both at home and

in Washington.
She developed a streamlined process for expanding and

managing contact with constituents on the issues that matter most to

them.