Historically Argentina with its enterprising citizens and natural

resources has been recognized for extraordinary capabilities.
I still

cherish, as a teenager, in Charleston, South Carolina, meeting

Argentine President Arturo Frondizi when he arrived at the Fort Sumter

Hotel on the historic Charleston Battery at White Point Garden.
The inauguration of President Milei featured an overwhelming amount

of support for him, as thousands of people from across the country and

foreign dignitaries from around the world, including Ukrainian

President Volodymyr Zelensky, gathered in downtown Buenos Aires on

Sunday.
I am grateful for the commitment of President Milei to strengthen

relations with the United States, support Ukraine in response to war

criminal Putin's murderous invasion, and diversify trade away from

China, currently their second-largest trade nation.
Free nations must

work together as our adversaries threaten national security and

sovereignty.
President Zelensky wrote this week that ``Freedom is what unites us,

Ukraine and Argentina.
We truly cherish it, protect it, and stand ready

to strengthen it together.''
I look forward to working with President Milei on achieving Peace

Through Strength, in the war we did not choose between Dictators with

Rule of Gun against Democracies with Rule of Law.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EMILY PETERSON

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Emily Peterson

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Emily has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversjty and

challenges along the way.
Students like Emily, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Emily's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Oberon Middle

School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Emily Peterson on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HAPPY 105TH BIRTHDAY TO BIG LAKE'S STELLA HUSO

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Stella Huso ahead of

her upcoming milestone birthday.
January 8 marks Stella's 105th

birthday, making her the oldest Gold Star Mother on record.
Stella's

story is one of resilience, patriotism, and unwavering dedication to

her family and country.
Born in 1919, Stella has seen more than most of us can imagine, from

the Great Depression and World War II to the Cuban Missile Crisis and

Apollo 11 mission.
Through it all, Stella has remained a pillar of

strength for her family and community and channeled her energy into

activism.
After losing her son Wayde to an enemy artillery shell in Vietnam,

Stella became a relentless advocate for our Nation's veterans and their

families.
She has offered solace and support to countless military

families in their darkest moments.
Stella has been a dedicated community activist in her hometown of Big

Lake.
She taught Sunday School at her church, and eventually became the

Sunday School Superintendent.
Stella was also involved in local

politics and served as caucus convener for the Big Lake area.
Stella is a true patriot.
She has written letters to the editor

advocating for respect of our nation's flag and the Pledge of

Allegiance and remains one of the most active members of the Big Lake

and Buffalo American Legion Auxiliaries.
As she marks her 105th birthday, let us celebrate Stella and her

incredible life.
We hope that her activism and strength will inspire

generations of Minnesotans yet to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GUILLERMO A. AHUMADA

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

outstanding contributions of Guillermo A. Ahumada, a distinguished

journalist with a passion for giving back to his community.