Mr. LARSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of the Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
On June 10, 1999, a pipeline leak caused a massive explosion in my district in Bellingham, Washington.
The rupture released more than a quarter million gallons of gasoline into Whatcom Creek.
The gasoline ignited, sending a fireball racing down the creek that killed two 10year-old boys and an 18-year-old young man.
The two boys, Stephen Tsiorvas and Wade King, were playing in a creek near their homes on an idyllic summer day, and the young man, Liam Wood, had just graduated from high school and was fly-fishing for trout.
The American people, including my constituents in response to the tragic Bellingham incident, justifiably raised safety concerns that there was not enough federal oversight of pipelines and hazardous materials.
In response, Congress created PHMSA within the Department of Transportation in 2004 to do just that, as part of the Norman Y. Mineta Research and Special Programs Improvement Act, which was signed into law on November 30, 2004.
Twenty years after the 2004 creation of this new modal administration specifically focused on pipeline and hazardous materials transportation safety, PHMSA continues its work.
This includes overseeing $1 billion in pipeline safety grants as part of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law so communities can repair or replace aging, leak-prone natural gas pipeline infrastructure while creating jobs, reducing methane emissions and keeping communities safe.
Last December, the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee passed a bipartisan pipeline safety reauthorization bill to ensure PHMSA and state pipeline safety inspectors have the resources they need.
This legislation increases transparency and accountability from pipeline operators and supports emerging technology in pipelines, including for carbon dioxide and hydrogen.
I am grateful for PHMSA's two decades of work and the agency's ongoing commitment to protecting people and the environment by advancing the safe transportation of energy and other hazardous materials that are essential to daily life.
In the 119th Congress, I look forward to a bipartisan effort to reauthorize the work of PHMSA's Office of Pipeline Safety, as we have for the past two decades.
More work remains, including ensuring first responders have the training they need to address accidents and incidents where hazardous materials are released whether that is by pipeline, rail, or any other mode of transportation.
Safety is a need in every community in every Congressional District and in my role in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I will continue to work to reach common ground to enhance safety for all Americans.
I thank PHMSA for its ongoing work to do the same.