Mr. STAUBER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 50th birthday of Captain Erik E. Anderson.
Captain Anderson was born on December 1, 1974.
Raised in Lafayette, Louisiana, Captain Anderson graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute through the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps in 1997 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering.
He first served aboard USS Hopper (DDG 70) from 1998 to 1999, completing the ship's maiden deployment, a dry-docking availability, and surface warfare officer qualification.
After serving on the USS Hopper, he completed the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program's nuclear pipeline training and reported to his second division officer tour on USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71) from 2001 to 2003.
He completed the ship's ``Iron Man'' Cruise in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and became a Nuclear Engineer Officer.
Captain Anderson was selected for shore duty at Naval Reactors' Headquarters in Washington, DC, where he worked from 2003 to 2006 on advanced technology Insertion projects for CVN 68 Class ships' propulsion plant, preliminary designs for USS Gerald R Ford (CVN 78), and test programs for west coast CVNs and ex-Enterprise (CVN 65).
During this time, he attended graduate school at The Catholic University of America, earning a Master of Engineering Degree in Engineering Management.
From late 2006 to 2011, Captain Anderson served as the Assistant Program Manager for ex-Enterprise in the Naval Reactors' Program Office for Surface Ships.
During this time, he led the planning and execution of the ship's last major dry-docking availability, allowing the ship to complete two more deployments prior to her removal service.
He also led early planning and budgeting efforts for the one-of-a-kind defueling and inactivation of ex-Enterprise.
Captain Anderson then transferred to the Nuclear Technology Division as the Director of Radiological Controls from 2011 to 2014.
He was responsible for the radiation protection of all sailors, workers, the public, and the environment from the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program's radioactivity on all ships, prototypes, shipyards, bases, DOE laboratories, and the Naval Reactors Facility.
He also assisted with the Naval Reactors' support of the U.S. Navy's Operation Tomodachi in response to the nuclear accidents at Fukushima.
From late 2014 to mid-2023, Captain Anderson assumed duties as the Program Manager for the Naval Reactors Facility in Idaho, where he led the Naval Reactors' efforts to publish the draft and final Environmental Impact Statements for the recapitalization of spent fuel handling in Idaho, a three billion dollar major construction project.
He has also led the Naval Reactors Facility fleet support mission in Idaho to process, examine, and package naval spent nuclear fuel in accordance with stringent Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program requirements, fleet schedules, and commitments to the State.
In July 2023, Captain Anderson transferred to the Acting Deputy Director for Governmental Affairs.
In February 2024, he was selected as the Director for Governmental Affairs, where he oversees multiple aspects of the Naval Reactors' Congressional Affairs efforts.
Captain Anderson's decorations include two Meritorious Service Medals and other individual and unit awards.
His wife, Ania, and son, Aksel, consider him the head and the heart of their family.
On December 1, 2024, Captain Anderson celebrated his 50th birthday.
I thank Captain Anderson for his service and congratulate him for reaching this important milestone.
I hope this next chapter is filled with as much adventure as the last.