Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and an exceptional leader in our U.S. Air Force.
Colonel John ``JD'' Foy has distinguished himself through his professional character and dedication by serving this Nation in uniform.
For the past two years, Colonel Foy served admirably as the Director of Congressional Affairs for U.S. Transportation Command where he led his team to plan and execute over one hundred congressional engagements between the Commander of U.S. Transportation Command and Members.
Colonel Foy has had a remarkable twenty-three-year career after graduating from the U.S. Air Force Academy and commissioning as a Second Lieutenant.
After graduating with honors from Specialized Undergraduate Navigator Training and C-130 Navigator Qualification Training, Colonel Foy deployed seven times and accrued over eight hundred combat hours, earning the Air Medal six times in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In 2010, he won the U.S. Air Force's Cheney Award for leading thirty-six Airmen to establish an airfield in Pakistan providing aid and relief to over 20 million flood victims.
From 2018 to 2020, as a Squadron Commander in Japan, he led over three hundred maintainers and aerial porters to support over twelve thousand missions throughout the Indo-Pacific region.
Later, the Commander of U.S. Transportation Command selected Colonel Foy to serve as her Director of Legislative Affairs after graduating U.S. Marine Corps War College.
As the primary liaison between Members of Congress, our staffs, committees, and U.S. Transportation Command, Colonel Foy communicated the commander's legislative priorities and ensured appropriations for three sealift vessels valued at $300 million into the Ready Reserve Force and enrollment of the first ten tankers into the Tanker Security Program.
Colonel Foy also led the charge in coordinating the commander's support for appropriations of a digital U.S. Coast Guard credentialling system that will drastically improve accountability of our U.S. merchant mariners.