Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I jubilantly rise today in celebration of the centennial anniversary of Kansas City's Union Mission Church.
For the past century, City Union Mission has valiantly and faithfully dedicated itself to its Godly mission of serving the Fifth Congressional District's community.
As a public servant, I am eternally grateful for its tireless work and endless sacrifice in service of our community.
As a pastor, I am awestruck by the institution's relentless devotion to God and unwavering faith in His mission.
Please join me as we take a moment to recognize City Union Mission's one hundred years of service to the Fifth congressional district and to the Lord.
In 1924, Rev. David Bulkley, an inspired minister and veteran U.S. Army Chaplin created City Union Mission Church.
Rev. Bulkley served in France during the First World War and was understandably shaken by the carnage and human cruelty he witnessed there.
Upon his return, he and his wife, Beulah, made it their mission to prevent the suffering at home that David had seen abroad.
The Bulkley family set up shop in Kansas City's West Bottoms neighborhood and immediately began serving free meals to the area's poor and houseless.
From there, City Union Mission only continued to grow, expanding to provide shelter, as well as food, in the 1930s, and eventually evolving into the citywide enterprise we know today.
City Union Mission's vision has stayed consistent with its original purpose: to meet the spiritual, physical, and emotional needs of men, women, and children who are underserved.
The problem the Bulkley family observed in our society is still prevalent today; in 2024, around 1,798 Kansas Citians are without a place to sleep on any given night.
As relentless and persistent as poverty and homelessness have been in Kansas City, City Union Mission has been equally relentless in fighting these dire issues.
Last year, the Church provided shelter for 210 people a day on average, providing a total of around 76,899 nights of safe shelter.
Its work has not stopped there, however; last year, City Union Mission provided around 137,834 meals, administered 4,733 medical services, and taught 30,236 hours of job training and hands-on experience for Kansas Citians.
In its full century of operation, City Union Mission has developed an inspired, multifaceted approach that successfully addresses the needs of Kansas City's most needy.
Our community's most vulnerable are also more at risk of substance abuse issues and mental health concerns, a harsh reality that the folks at City Union Mission were sure to recognize.
The Church initially addressed this problem in 2018 by establishing the L. Minor Care Center, a safe living facility for men with barriers to care and special needs, including behavioral health challenges, mental illness, and emotional struggles.
The L. Minor Care Center is a testament to City Union Mission's ability and willingness to adapt to the times and recognize that mental health is just as important as physical health and is similarly imperiled for those who already face the challenges of poverty and homelessness.
When I think about City Union Mission Church, I am reminded of Matthew 22:39: ``Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself,'' as I believe that City Union Mission embodies it so perfectly.
City Union Mission has demonstrated unconditional love for its fellow Kansas Citians and their humanity.
The organization has executed a such flawless vision for a century now to demonstrate the extent of Christian charity in its tireless endeavors to serve Kansas City's most vulnerable.
On behalf of the United States Congress and Missouri's Fifth District, I applaud City Union Mission Church on 100 years of faithful service.