The Government left the role of Victims’ Commissioner unfilled for over a year and to this day have refused to place any duty on public bodies to co-operate with the postholder.
Will the Government and the Secretary of State explain why they have not supported Labour’s proposals to give the role the same powers as the Domestic Abuse Commissioner has over public authorities such as the police?
The Victims’ Commissioner plays an important role and we are delighted that Baroness Newlove is taking it on again.
She has an exemplary track record.
The role sits within a wider approach that we are taking, which is to ensure, through the Victims and Prisoners Bill and through the revised victims code and so on, that victims go from being spectators of the criminal justice process to participants in it.
I know the Victims’ Commissioner will help us on that journey.
What is being done to ensure that victims of crime, particularly violent crime, get the necessary mental health support they require, particularly where they can suffer ongoing mental health issues and trauma beyond the period of the crime itself?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an absolutely essential point.
As I indicated, we are quadrupling funding for victims’ services on 2010 levels.
Part of that is directed through police and crime commissioners to procure and commission precisely the kind of support he has indicated.
What I am also able to say is that in those tragic cases that result in a fatality, the Homicide Service is now better resourced to provide ongoing support.
That may be physical support, but it may also, sadly, be the mental support that is desperately needed.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the prison estate for the rehabilitation of prisoners.
In December last year we completed an estate-wide programme of surveys to assess the condition of each public sector prison, and I look forward to seeing the findings of those surveys.
By the end of the current spending review period we will have invested nearly £4 billion towards the delivery of an additional 20,000 modern prison places to ensure that the right conditions are in place for the rehabilitation of prisoners, and in the last full financial year we spent more than £200 million on maintenance and upgrades—alongside, of course, our continued investment in purposeful activity within the prison estate.
I was delighted to receive an invitation from the Minister’s colleague the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) , to join him on a visit to Wormwood Scrubs Prison in my constituency this Thursday, but less delighted when the invitation was withdrawn yesterday on the basis that it had been “issued in error”.
Had I been permitted to attend, I would have raised the subject of the letter sent to the Lord Chancellor on  7 December  by 10 chairs of independent monitoring boards for London area prisons, including Wormwood Scrubs, which stated that “prisons are overcrowded, not safe and most of those in prison do not lead a ‘useful’ life”.
In the absence of a reply to that letter, can the Prisons Minister tell us how he intends to make prisons fit for rehabilitation, given that, according to trade union sources, there is a maintenance backlog amounting to £3 billion?
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to visit the Scrubs with me—and I am not issuing this one in error—I shall be happy to accompany him on a visit to his local prison.
As I have said, we continue to invest in our prison estate.
We also continue to invest in increasing the number of prison officers—to whom I pay tribute for the work that they do day in, day out; I suspect that those on the Opposition Front Bench would join me in that—and to invest in purposeful activity.
The efforts that we have put in across the estate are working, as is shown by the proportion of prison leavers who are in employment six months after their release, which has more than doubled in the two years to March 2023.
I look forward to discussing this further with the hon.
Gentleman in his local prison.
Order.
As a Member of Parliament with a prison in his area, I find it disappointing that that invitation was withdrawn from a Member of Parliament with a prison in his own area.
That is not how Members of Parliament should be treated, and I hope that the question of why a Member of Parliament has been refused access to a facility in his constituency will be investigated.
I understand from my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State that the invitation was sent in error by the office—it was not meant to be sent—but I am happy to honour that invitation.
I hope that the Minister will look into this, because I am concerned about access for Members of Parliament.
I now call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I will not go on about how I might have got people into Wormwood Scrubs in the past in one way or another—[Interruption]—and, indeed, got some of them out!
I am sure the Minister will know that a key point that comes up time and again in reports from His Majesty’s chief inspector of prisons, and when issues are raised by the Justice Committee, is the lack of purposeful activity.
The physical estate is part of that problem, but so are issues relating to staffing and access to education and other provision.
Is it perhaps time for a strategy for the whole of the Prison Service with rehabilitation at its centre, and might not one solution to the problem be a statutory definition of the purposes of prison, of which rehabilitation—along with protection of the public—would be a key part?
Would that not be a way of holding people’s feet to the fire in order to deliver rehabilitation in the public interest?
I shall certainly be happy to have that discussion with my hon.
Friend if he feels that it would be useful.
He is right to highlight the importance of adequate staff numbers, but I should point out that they have increased by 6.7% in the past year.
I am also happy to tell him that this month we are launching the national regime model, which will require prisons to set out ambitious plans for dedicated purposeful activity—time out of cell.
That will indeed hold their feet to the fire, because, as we know, such a regime is central to rehabilitation.