I beg to move, That this House recognises that NHS dentistry is in crisis, with eight in 10 dentists in England not taking on new NHS patients and vast parts of the country considered so-called dental deserts, where no dentists are available; regrets that this has led to people resorting to DIY dentistry or attending A&E to access urgent care; is concerned that tooth decay is the most common reason children aged six to 10 are admitted to hospital; and therefore calls on the Government to provide an extra 700,000 urgent appointments a year, introduce an incentive scheme to recruit new dentists to the areas most in need and a targeted supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five year-olds to promote good oral health and reform the dental contract to rebuild the service in the long-run.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
After 14 years of Conservative neglect and mismanagement, “NHS dentistry in England is at its most perilous point in its 75-year history.”
That is the conclusion of the Nuffield Trust think-thank, and who can blame it?
Eight in 10 NHS dentists no longer take new patients.
According to the NHS, no dentist is taking on new adult patients in entire constituencies such as Broxtowe, Bolsover, Stoke-on-Trent South and Stroud.
Five million patients tried but failed to get an appointment in the past two years.
Millions more needed dental care but did not bother trying to book an appointment because they knew it would be impossible.
Tooth decay is now the No. 1 reason why children aged six to 10 end up in hospital.
We face the moral outrage of one in 10 Brits saying that they have been forced to attempt dentistry themselves because the NHS was not there for them when they needed it.
This is Dickensian—DIY dentistry in 21st-century Britain.
Is there any greater example of the decline that this country has been subjected to under the Conservatives?
May I add Rotherham to the list that my hon.
Friend is quoting?
To give an example, one of my constituents has been trying for more than a year to register with an NHS dentist.
He has now had to go private for the consultation, which said: “Your teeth are in a very poor condition with most of your remaining teeth decayed and unsaveable.
All your teeth except 2 …need extracting.”
He has been living for more than a year on painkillers and soup.
I have raised this with the Minister and got no satisfaction.
This is what Tory Britain is doing to dentistry.
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have heard so many heartbreaking stories like the one she mentions from her constituency.
A service that once was there for all of us when we needed it is almost gone for good.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will, so that the hon.
Gentleman can explain why that is the case.
Is there any greater landmine of a Labour legacy than the 2006 contract that it designed, which is pulling us down?
Labour Members need look no further than their own designs on the NHS.
We are sorting out their mess.
The sound you can hear, Mr Speaker, is the scraping of the barrel.
How has the hon.
Gentleman got the brass neck to stand up, after 14 years of his party in government, and say that a contract agreed in 2006 is the problem?
If only the Conservatives had been in government for 14 years to sort it out.
Here is the other rub: we do not pretend that everything was perfect under the last Labour Government.
In fact, reform of the NHS dentistry contract was in Labour’s 2010 manifesto, because we recognised that it needed to change.
Had we been elected in 2010, we would have delivered.
It was also in the Conservatives’ 2010 manifesto and 2015 manifesto.
It was probably in the 2017 and 2019 manifestos, too, and they have not delivered.
We have 14 years of Conservative failure.
How dare the hon.
Gentleman have the brass neck to stand up and blame someone else.
It is of great interest, is it not, that there is not one Member from the governing party in Scotland present for this debate?
I can tell the House that dental services in my constituency in remote Scotland have gone backwards in a big way, and I am shocked that none of them are here to hear this.
It is deeply disappointing.
Let me assure the hon.
Gentleman that as with the last Labour Government—13 years that created a rising tide that lifted all ships across the country, when we had an NHS with the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history—the next Labour Government will deliver a rising tide to benefit people across the country.
The British Dental Association highlights that: “Hormonal changes during pregnancy can make gums more vulnerable to plaque”, and: “Changes to dietary habits, and morning sickness” can also impact on oral health.
After being told of the importance of seeing a dentist after suffering multiple miscarriages, a constituent tells me that she has been struggling for three years to see a dentist within a 50-mile radius of her home.
Dentists say that they are going private and are helping only with emergencies.
Surely that is evidence of a colossal failure of Tory Government dental policy, and even the most vulnerable are suffering.
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
In fact, he has the ability, as the Labour MP for Stockton North, to speak for his residents.
If only other people across the country had MPs standing up for them.
Chris Webb, Labour’s candidate in Blackpool  South, reported to me that pregnant mothers have been telling him they cannot get an NHS dentist, despite being entitled to free NHS check-ups and treatment.
Alice Macdonald, Labour’s candidate in Norwich North, reported similar conversations to me.
Expectant mothers have told her that they have been travelling hundreds of miles to see a dentist when we know that pregnant women probably need that support more than many others.
What an indictment of 14 years of Conservative Government.
Did my hon.
Friend see the report in today’s Times that showed that NHS dentists are performing only 75% of the procedures they are contracted to do?
In Devon and Somerset, where the situation is the worst in the country, it is only 26.5% and 30%.
Not only have this Government delivered an NHS desert in Devon and Somerset, but they are wasting masses of public money.
What is my hon.
Friend going to do about it when he is Health Secretary?
I strongly agree with my right hon.
Friend.
Things are so desperate.
He mentioned the south-west in particular, and Devon and Cornwall have been particularly poorly served.
Jayne Kirkham, Labour’s candidate in Truro and Falmouth for this year’s general election, reported to me that a local dentist handed their contract back before Christmas, meaning that 3,000 people lost their NHS dentist overnight.
There are currently no dentists in Truro and Falmouth taking on adult NHS patients.
Contract reform is urgent, so where is it?
They have had 14 years, so where is the recovery plan that the Health Secretary mentions in her amendment?
rose— I must make some progress.
Turning to other parts of the country, Keir Cozens, Labour’s candidate in Great Yarmouth, has been running a campaign on the state of dentistry in Great Yarmouth.
He has heard heartbreaking stories of broken teeth left for months with people in pain, of children unable to be seen, of at least one person a day going to accident and emergency with dental issues, and of people performing DIY dentistry at home after buying kits from Amazon.
No one should be doing that, but people are desperate.
DIY dentistry does not work, and before you know it, people are back in A&E waiting for expensive emergency dental treatment.
I have heard similar stories from Kevin Bonavia, Labour’s candidate in Stevenage.
He tells me that people turning to DIY is shockingly common.
No one voted for this.
None of the five Conservative Prime Ministers, the seven Conservative Chancellors or the eight Conservative Health Secretaries told the public that this was what the future held, but this is what they have done to dentistry.
It is the way all our public services are going, and it is why the Conservative party cannot be allowed five more years to finish the job.