The latest figures show that the reoffending rate among those leaving prison has increased.
That is partly because prison is failing to rehabilitate—which is no surprise, given how overcrowded, understaffed and dangerously unsafe many prisons are.
In one case, after heavy rain, prison officers were having to wade through raw sewage while prisoners remained locked in their cells.
Does the Minister accept that the appalling state of our prisons is not only failing to reduce crime, but breeding it?
The hon.
Lady will not be surprised to hear that I do not agree with her assessments.
I would highlight that reoffending rates are down on where they were when we inherited them in 2010.
I have highlighted to the hon.
Lady the investment in new staff and in our buildings.
I would also highlight to her, and I hope that we will enjoy her support on this, the success of tough community sentences in reducing reoffending, compared with sentences of fewer than 12 months.
I look forward to her support in delivering those changes.
I am going to remain on the subject of the prison estate.
The Minister made a valiant attempt to defend the Conservatives’ woeful record on prisons, but they are failing to build the prison spaces we need to reduce this cycle of crime.
Just last week it was revealed that the Government had built only 380 of the 1,000 pop-up prison cells that they promised by the end of 2023.
Therefore, can the Minister at the very least confirm when the remaining 620 pop-up places will be built?
I would gently say to the hon.
Lady that we will take no lessons on prison building from the Labour party—the party that promised three Titan  prisons, with 7,500 places.
How many were built?
Zero.
This is a Government who are committed to building 20,000 new, state-of-the-art prison places.
Two prisons have already been built.
One is in construction.
One has just received planning permission, and I am hopeful that the other two of the six will receive that in due course.
What steps he is taking to increase early access to legal advice.
Last year we spent £1 billion on civil legal aid to support the most vulnerable, and we recognise the potential benefits of early legal advice in supporting people to resolve their problems earlier.
For example, last year we launched a £10 million housing loss prevention advice service.
We invested in advice for welfare benefits issues, and early legal advice is also available for victims of domestic abuse in private family law proceedings, subject to the relevant means and evidence requirements.
We will continue to invest in legal aid where we can see a benefit.