May I take the Justice Secretary back to his interesting observations on the Rwanda Bill?
He has said that the whole debate around the ECHR “has been tainted by a misunderstanding of what the actual rights are, as though they are a foreign import that do not reflect some of the cultural norms in our country…nothing could be further from the truth.”—[Official
Report,  13 February 2019 ; Vol. 654, c. 376WH.]
When it comes to the Rwanda Bill, why is he failing to uphold the ECHR and the Human Rights Act, which embody so many of the legal principles that the people of these islands hold so dear?
Respectfully, I completely reject that characterisation.
We are remaining within the four corners of our international legal obligations.
Our legislation is novel and contentious, but it remains within the four corners of our international legal obligations and delivers on the proper, insistent requirements of the British people, which are that we protect our borders and ensure fairness for all—for not only the British people, but those who have played by the rules and done the right thing when they have come to the UK.
They will always have a warm welcome in our country.
Those who act illegally can expect short shrift.
Of course, the Government state on the front page of the Rwanda Bill that they cannot guarantee that it complies with the ECHR, as the Justice Secretary well knows.
The Bill also makes direct intrusions into devolved areas, because human rights are devolved to the Scottish Parliament.
So will he confirm that a legislative consent motion will be sought from the Scottish Parliament on the safety of Rwanda?
The first point the hon.
Gentleman was referring to is about the section 19(1)(b) statement, and such statements are not unusual—the much-missed Tessa Jowell took one through in the Bill that became the Communications Act 2003.
There is nothing unusual about this, which is precisely why this provision was put in the Human Rights Act 1998.
As for further LCMs, we will of course proceed in the normal way, and I will give that matter further consideration.
If he will make a comparative assessment of the effectiveness of short custodial sentences and sentences served in the community.
A 2019 Ministry of Justice analysis of a matched cohort of 30,000 offenders shows that those serving sentences of immediate custody of less than 12 months reoffend more often than similar offenders  serving a sentence in the community—55% of those sentenced to less than 12 months’ immediate custody were convicted in the following 12 months, which compares with 32% among those serving their sentence in the community.
For years, I was a visitor at the Scrubs and at HMP Wandsworth.
Persuade me that community sentences can be really tough.
I suggest that the outcome speaks for itself.