The Children’s Commissioner’s report on family contact in the youth estate states that at the weekend, in two young offenders institutes, boys spent only up to one hour outside their cell each day.
We can clearly see why that has led to an increase in violence.
What is the Minister going to do about it?
It is important to note that, since 2010 when we came into power, the number of under-18s in custody has dropped dramatically.
The cohort now in young offenders institutes is, to put it politely, highly complex.
We take that extremely seriously and want to ensure there are sufficient staff.
We do not give up on people, but it is important to recognise that that cohort will have been convicted of extremely serious offences, and we want to ensure there are sufficient resources to try to get the best out of them.
I recently met the senior coroner for my area about concerns over health services in north Wales and to discuss preventable deaths.
As part of that work, he pointed me towards the Preventable Deaths Tracker, set up by Dr Georgia Richards in Oxford.
Will the Secretary of State commit to meeting Dr Richards and me to discuss the potential benefits of the tracker?
My hon.
Friend makes a great point.
My officials have already met Dr Richards to discuss her work on the tracker and, together with the Chief Coroner’s office, we are exploring with her team how best to share the tracker on the various websites.
However, I am more than happy to meet with my hon.
Friend and Dr Richards to discuss how we can work together.
Numerous studies have found that the numbers of minoritised and migrant women being held on remand are disproportionately high.
For example, 10% of female black and Asian defendants were remanded in custody   by magistrates courts, compared with 7% of white women.
What steps are the Government taking to address those clear inequalities in the use of remand?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady; she will be aware of the work being done across the criminal justice system through both the race disparity review and the Lammy review in that context.
Decisions on remand are taken by the judiciary, so it would be wrong for me to comment on judicial decisions, but I am happy to meet her to discuss this further if that would be helpful, and so is the Minister for disparity in the justice system, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) .
Can the Secretary of State confirm that the Director of Public Prosecutions could take over a private prosecution and discontinue it?
The Crown Prosecution Service can take over any criminal prosecution.
It may then carry out the prosecution or it may end or discontinue the prosecution if it does not believe it should have been brought in the first place.
I am pleased to say that the latest Scottish crime and justice survey has shown that the volume of crime in Scotland, including incidents not reported to the police, has fallen by 53%.
In addition, we have one of the lowest levels of recorded crime in Scotland since 1974—50 years.
I add my thanks to all those who work in Police Scotland Tayside for their duty and service on behalf of my constituents in Dundee.
Will the Justice Secretary join me in congratulating Police Scotland and all the community safety partners who have contributed to that success?
We of course welcome any reduction in crime, and I am happy to congratulate Police Scotland on its work.
It is encouraging that across the United Kingdom, and certainly across England and Wales, crime and reoffending are down.
However, I urge the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that Scotland does not anything that would be regrettable, such as rolling back on jury trials, which are a critical part of maintaining public confidence in the criminal justice system.
Having worked in A&E at Christmas over the years, I have seen the outcome of alcohol-related violence and the injuries it causes.
I know the Department has been looking at fitting alcohol monitoring tags for offenders during the festive season; what assessment have the Government made of their effectiveness in reducing alcohol-fuelled crime?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Alcohol tags are hugely valuable and are being used increasingly to tackle alcohol-related offending, including violent crime, successfully.
Around 2,800 individuals were wearing an alcohol tag at the end of November 2023, 900 more than in the same period the year before, and alcohol bans imposed in community sentences were complied with for 97.3% of the days monitored since their introduction in October 2020.
They are a vital crime-fighting tool.
In May 2022, my constituent Tallulah Cox was diagnosed with brain stem cancer.
She was left catatonic from the radiation treatment, a side effect that her parents, Zoe and Richard, were never informed about.
They then had to fight constantly for the support and care that she needed from her local council and NHS.
That support never came.
Little Tallulah passed away on 2 November last year— Order.
This is topical questions.
I have to get everybody else in.
If the hon.
Lady is going to ask a topical question, it must be short and quick to allow others to ask theirs.
Has the Minister been briefed on what is being asked?
No.
Okay.
Very quickly, then—please just ask the question.
Little Tallulah passed away aged two on  2 November  last year after those services failed her.
How can her parents get some justice?
This sounds like an absolutely appalling case and my heart goes out to Tallulah and her family.
I am unaware of the details of the case, but if the hon.
Lady writes to me, she will get a response.
Dozens of businesses have signed up to Torbay Council’s safety of women at night charter, which is being championed by Councillor Hayley Tranter.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that those who pose a threat to women, for example by spiking drinks, get the type of deterrent sentence that such disgraceful behaviour deserves?
I congratulate Torbay Council and Councillor Tranter on their excellent work to keep women safe in Torbay.
Spiking is a disgusting crime that carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison depending on the harm that results.
We are changing the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 to define the offence of spiking specifically and comprehensively in law, with a view to encouraging more people to come forward.
However, the biggest barrier to conviction remains the fact that toxicology tests are often conducted after the substance has left a woman’s body.
That is why we are investing in research for rapid drinks testing kits so that spiking will be easier to prove and we get more of the offenders behind bars.
My constituent was the victim of a violent attack, but because the perpetrator got a sentence of less than 12 months, she was not told when he was released from prison.
The police say that it is impossible for them to go through the records of everybody who is released in order to advise her, so there is a gap in victim support.
Will the Secretary of State commit to resolving that?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
I take that extremely seriously.
Certainly, under the victims code, the rights of victims to be kept informed  are far tighter than ever they used to be.
If we need to go further, that seems to be a sensible conversation and I would be happy to have it.
For too many years, this House has been witness to wrongful convictions in the Post Office-Fujitsu scandal.
There remain 800 Post Office convictions based on bad data.
Until those convictions are overturned, the victims cannot claim compensation.
We could do something good together if the Justice Secretary brought a simple Bill to quash all 800 convictions immediately.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who, with his customary precision, puts his finger on that appalling injustice.
The suggestion that he makes is receiving active consideration.
I expect to be able to make further announcements shortly.
I add my support to the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Hertford and Stortford (Julie Marson) .
Cuckooing is a terrible activity, and making it a specific crime not only makes sense but would, I suspect, lead to the prosecution of other crimes such as drug dealing.
As I indicated, I will have a conversation with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertford and Stortford (Julie Marson)  about that.
There is very likely to be a substantive underlying offence, be it handling stolen goods, possession with intent to supply or firearms matters.
This has been considered by way of discussions with criminal justice partners, but if there are further matters to consider with my hon.
Friend, and indeed with the hon.
Gentleman, I would be happy to have those conversations.
January is often considered family breakdown month.
Anybody taking the terrifically difficult decision to separate this year will face not only a divorce costing over £14,000 on average, but months, or potentially more than a year, of resolving child and financial disputes.
We need reform of focus in a range of areas.
Will the Lord Chancellor kindly agree to meet me and the formidable Baroness Deech and Baroness Shackleton to look at our campaigns?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I know that she campaigns tirelessly on this issue.
I am more than happy to arrange a meeting with my noble Friend Lord Bellamy, who leads on this issue, to update her and the noble Baroness Deech— Order.
I call Richard Burgon.
To reduce reoffending we need a strong, locally focused and stand-alone probation service—similar to how things were before privatisation—so why are the Government moving in the opposite direction with their One HMPPS programme, which has triggered a formal dispute with the probation unions because it subsumes probation still further into prisons?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question; it is nice to answer questions from him again, as I did when he was shadow Secretary of State.
The One HMPPS programme is about different parts of the system working well together to create a system that delivers the outcomes that society wants to see.
I take the opportunity, prompted by the hon.
Gentleman, to pay tribute to all the staff in the probation service.
I had the pleasure of visiting some of them in Southwark recently, and I pay tribute to all the work they are doing.
In a perfect world, the victims of the Horizon IT scandal would have their cases individually assessed by the Criminal Cases Review Commission and the Court of Appeal, but we are not in a perfect world.
The scale of the miscarriage of justice is enormous, and there are hundreds of victims who understandably do not want to come forward because they have lost faith in the process.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor now consider the exceptional and unique step of legislating to quash the convictions?
I am grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend, who speaks with such authority.
The circumstances are truly exceptional.
When I was a Back Bencher, I went on the record as saying that Horizon is the most serious miscarriage of justice since the Guildford Four or the Birmingham Six.
But the clue is that there were four in the Guildford case and six in the Birmingham case; we are talking about hundreds of people.
The situation is truly exceptional and unprecedented, and it will need an appropriate resolution.
Under the Illegal Migration Act 2023, victims of human trafficking who arrived in the UK via irregular routes would not have legal recourse to receive support under modern   slavery provisions.
Are Ministers comfortable with that?
They do not look like monsters, so I assume not.
If they are not, what will they do about it?
I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman and check exactly what the provisions are for legal aid under the Illegal Migration Act.
I am more than happy to provide him with the details and meet him if necessary.
Precisely because legislating to overturn convictions would be so unprecedented, will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor make sure that before such a step is taken, he is satisfied from conversations with the senior judiciary that the means of triaging and consolidating appeals that currently exist may not be capable of delivering justice within an acceptable timeframe?
That is precisely the point, and my hon.
Friend has put his finger on it.
Of course, we would not want to stray into the normal lane of the judiciary; we have huge respect for our independent judiciary, who do an exceptionally good job of ensuring that there is fairness on the facts before them.
As I have said, the case is wholly unprecedented, and we will want to have exhausted all alternatives before taking radical action.
Spending on housing legal aid has fallen by more than half in the past decade, from £44 million to £20 million.
Is this a proper response to growing insecurity, overcrowding and poor conditions in the housing market, or might it be a contributing factor?
I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that just last year we invested an extra £10 million in housing legal aid, so I think we are addressing the issue.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Financial Times is reporting that Teesworks Ltd—the so-called public-private partnership to redevelop the former steelworks site on Teesside—has reported an exceptional year, tripling its profits to £54 million.
Sadly, the public will see very little of that hard cash, as under the Tees Tory Mayor, 90% of shares in the company were handed over to two local businessmen.
That means they get £48.6 million, and the public get just £5.4 million.
Personally, I think that is scandalous.
When my hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough (Andy McDonald)  and I raised questions about the way that business is done at Teesworks, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities ordered an inquiry, which was expected to have reported by now.
Will you please advise me, Mr Speaker, on whether you have heard of any plans by the Secretary of State to come to the House to make a statement about why that report has been delayed and when we can expect it?
I have had no indication from the Government that the Secretary of State intends to make a statement on this matter, but I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks, and I am sure he will pursue it in other ways.
No doubt, if nothing is forthcoming, it might need an urgent question—that is a possible suggestion.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
For the convenience of the House, it may assist right hon.
and hon.
Members if I give some advance notice of Thursday’s business statement.
The business for the week commencing  15 January  will include: Monday 15 January —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Tuesday 16 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day 1).
Wednesday 17 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (
Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day 2).
I will announce the business statement on Thursday in the usual way.
While that was not a point of order for the Chair, I am sure the House will have heard the announcement by the Leader of the House with great interest.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is this not just another example of this Government making it up as they go along, with no real plan, scrabbling around and trying to make something of this failed, unworkable plan?
We have had at least three business statements or questions since the Bill first began to be timetabled.
Would you not expect, Mr Speaker, such an announcement to be made in a business statement in the usual way?
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
It may be helpful if I explain to the House that if I had waited to announce this for the first time on Thursday, there would have been very limited time for people to table amendments ahead of the normal tabling deadline.
We are making this announcement to facilitate right hon.
and hon.
Members in tabling amendments, if they wish to do so.
We do not wish to bring forward legislation that will not be successful.
This is a matter of great importance to the general public, and we wish it to be successful.
I hope the House will understand why we have given it a heads-up of the business for next week.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Normally business statements allow Back Benchers as well as Front Benchers to ask questions of the Leader of the House.
This is a difficult precedent because it does not give the Back Benchers a voice.
Saying that it is just a matter of convenience for amendments is not good enough when the Government are in charge of the business and could have done this in a more organised way to give everybody a say.
I think this is a deplorable development.
In general, I would expect the House business to be announced via a statement or in response to the business question.
It would of course be in order to ask questions about the timetabling of this business during Thursday’s business statement, but you have made the point and at least you have got it on the record.
Let us move on.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision to require every school to have access to a qualified mental health professional; and for connected purposes.
Mr Speaker, “He used to be such a lovely happy little boy and now he’s so sad.
I’m terrified for his future.
All I’ve ever wanted was to help my son and I’ve failed and fallen at every hurdle.”
Those are the anguished words of a constituent of mine who is mother to a nine-year-old.
Week in and week out, I speak to parents whose children are struggling with their mental health and struggling to access appropriate support.
When I speak to headteachers, they tell me that some of the most pressing challenges facing our education system come from outside the classroom, and mental health is among the biggest.
Teachers often feel as though they are the fourth emergency service, filling the gap left by under-resourced services across the country.
Let us be clear: mental health services for young people before the pandemic were inadequate.
Since the pandemic, despite the best efforts of everyone working in the sector, services are on their knees.
The current generation of children have had to contend not only with rising pressures and judgments brought by social media, but with the huge consequences of a global pandemic.
It is unsurprising that such challenges have taken their toll on children’s and young people’s mental health.
It is estimated that one in five children between the ages of seven and 16 has a probable mental health disorder.
If six children in every classroom were diagnosed with a physical condition such as diabetes, there would rightly be a public outcry, and there would be no discussion about urgently putting both proper treatment and preventive measures in place.
We would just do it.
Mental health is no different and should not be treated any differently.
We must do everything in our power to ensure that every child arrives at school happy, healthy and ready to learn and thrive.
My Bill provides one of the tools to help to achieve that.
It would place a dedicated qualified mental health practitioner in every school—primary and secondary—giving every child in school access to care and support from the moment they start to need it.
Early intervention is crucial.
Research tells us that half of all lifetime mental health disorders start before the age of 14.
Stepping in as soon as warning signs start to show can often help to prevent conditions from becoming more severe.
When Nicole, now aged 19, was struggling with her mental health, she had to wait a very long time before she could access any support.
Describing that time, she said: “Waiting for suitable mental health support meant that my whole life felt like it was paused and erased…I was left without suitable support and my mental health left to deteriorate.”
This story is not unique, nor is it unusual.
I know that colleagues across the Chamber are aware of many similar stories in their own constituencies.
The state of our children and young people’s mental health is a significant and urgent challenge facing our country and, frankly, this Government are not taking it seriously enough.
In December 2021, the Health and Social Care Committee warned that the combination of unmet need before the pandemic and additional needs created by the pandemic were significant.
It said that the Government’s plans “are simply not sufficient for the task at hand.”
In the two years since, there is no indication that their approach has improved.
Last month, when I asked the mental health Minister,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , in a written question what proportion of mental health funding had been allocated to children and young people, I received an answer that such funds are not “separately identifiable.”
How can a Government begin to take a problem seriously when they do not even know how much money they are spending on it?
Sadly, in the eyes of the Treasury children and young people are too often seen as a financial burden and a drain on Government resources, and that is just wrong.
Spending on education and services to support our children is an investment in their future and our country’s future, and it is time that the Government recognised that.
The introduction of mental health support teams has been an encouraging step forward, but they are under-resourced and overstretched.
Last year, I visited Carshalton Boys Sports College.
I met MHST staff as well as some of the pupils they were supporting.
The boys talked about how the team had helped them to learn coping techniques for anxiety and how to identify the techniques that work for them.
The staff mentioned how important it was that they could intervene early before things escalate and children need other services, such as child and adolescent mental health services, but what struck me was that the team was stretched thinly across many local primary and secondary schools, which meant that their valuable skills and service were available only for half a day to one day per week in each school.
Furthermore, research by the Liberal Democrats revealed that by the end of this year half of secondary schools and three quarters of all primary schools in England will still have no access at all to mental health support teams.
Instead, the role of supporting children’s mental ill health falls on teachers, who are already managing a heavy workload at the same time as contending with extremely overstretched budgets.
With many schools struggling to afford the basics, sadly some of those that have found their own money for mental health support are being forced to cut back, which is why schools must not have to fund the provision themselves.
My Bill makes it clear that funding needs to be made available for the proposed statutory duty for all state schools.
Using the “polluter pays” principle, Liberal Democrats have proposed funding mental health practitioners through tripling the digital services tax on our big social media companies, given the harm that they have contributed to our children’s mental health.
A big challenge currently facing schools is persistent absence, with the most recent Government data revealing that a fifth of children missed on average a day of school every fortnight last term.
One of the most significant causal factors of absence is mental ill health.
According to new data from YoungMinds, more than one in five children waiting for mental health support has missed more than six months of school.
Absence has a huge impact on a child’s education and ultimately their prospects.
Three quarters of these children said that they had stopped exercising, doing hobbies and even seeing friends.
These children should be carefree, enjoying themselves and spending time with loved ones; instead, their lives are being put on hold and their life chances being diminished because they cannot access the support they have so bravely asked for.
Just last week I heard of a pupil at a school in my constituency who is stuck in exactly that limbo.
Despite desperately needing mental health support, they are stuck on a long CAMHS waiting list.
In the meantime, not only has the child stopped attending school, but their mother said that they have not left the house in more than four months.
A teacher at the school told me that they strongly believe that had there been the possibility of seeing a mental health professional at school on a regular basis, that pupil would still be attending school.
Instead, their mental health is rapidly deteriorating, leaving those around them worried sick.
Sadly, this is not uncommon—alarmingly, the headteacher of this pupil told me that it was just one example of many.
There is a tidal wave of mental ill health among our children and young people, which is jeopardising their wellbeing, education, prospects, and long-term health.
A report commissioned by the Local Government Association, and undertaken by the Children and Young People’s Mental Health Coalition, asserted that there is “a missed opportunity to significantly ease pressure on the system by increasing the availability of preventative and early intervention support.”
That is exactly what putting a mental health practitioner in every school would do.
It would make mental health support accessible to every pupil, regardless of their age, where they live or their background.
It would save our NHS money in the long term by tackling issues before they become more severe, and it would ensure that children’s mental health is supported early on, giving them the tools they need to be resilient and thrive into adulthood.
The Bill is an investment in our future and one that we must make, not just because it is sensible but because we owe it to this generation of children and young people—a generation that so often feels let down and neglected.
I would like to end by thanking the young people, parents and teachers who have shared their stories with me, as well as the organisations that have supported me with the Bill, including YoungMinds, the Centre for Mental Health, Barnardo’s, Place2Be, the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy and the Sutton Trust.
They are all dedicated to ensuring that every child has the right support in their time of need.
The Bill would be a significant step towards achieving that.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Munira Wilson, Ed Davey, Daisy Cooper, Helen Morgan, Layla Moran, Sarah Dyke, Richard Foord, Sarah Green, Sarah Olney, Tim Farron and Wera Hobhouse present the Bill.
Munira Wilson accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June , and to be printed (Bill 75).
I inform the House that I have selected the amendment in the name of the Prime Minister.