What steps he is taking to improve the effectiveness of the probate registry.
The past 12 months have seen the largest volume of probate applications received by the service since 2006, and that follows two years of above-average receipts.
In response, we have increased staffing levels by more than 100 people and streamlined processes.
We have seen some improvement, in that the level of grants issued has been running at about 8,000 more over the past two months than receipts.
The average mean length of time for a grant of probate following receipt of all the documents required is now 12 weeks.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Back in November 2020, I led a Westminster Hall debate highlighting the failings of the probate service.
The service was once excellent, but that is no longer the case—I could give many examples demonstrating its continuing failures.
I appreciate the Minister’s efforts to improve the service, but enough is enough.
If the service has not materially improved in the next three months, will the Minister take the appropriate action and remove those who are clearly underperforming, so that the service can return to the level it once was at?
My hon.
Friend and I have had some interesting discussions on this topic over the past few months.
Following a recovery plan to address the concerns that he and others have raised, I can reassure him that a new management team is in place and we are now seeing a distinct improvement in recruitment, competency, productivity and call handling, and for the past few months disposals have outstripped receipts.
I appreciate that the service is not yet where we would want it to be, but I can reassure him that we are starting to see some impact as a result of the measures we have introduced.
I am more than happy to have conversations with him so that we can work together to improve the service further.
What steps he is taking to reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
What steps he is taking to reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
We remain committed to reducing the outstanding caseload in the Crown court and have introduced a range of measures to achieve that aim.
We funded over 100,000 sitting days in the last financial year and plan to deliver the same this year.
Thanks to our investment in judicial recruitment, we expect to recruit more than 1,000 judges across all jurisdictions.
We are investing over £220 million over the next two years, not just to improve maintenance but to ensure that the number of courts taken out of action for unplanned maintenance is reduced.
I am reassured by that answer, but can I press the Minister on other delays in the justice system?
I have spoken to police officers who are incredibly frustrated by the delay in prosecuting those who they have arrested for multiple offences of shoplifting.
What reassurance can the Minister offer to police officers in those circumstances?
It is a concern to hear that police officers remain concerned.
Some of the latest performance statistics suggest that the gap between charge and first listing is falling—the latest data shows it is down two days, to 31 days.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss any local issues he may have identified that are causing delays.
Magistrates, who tend to deal with shoplifting cases, are among the most efficient parts of our justice system and list clear cases incredibly rapidly, but I am more than happy to discuss this further.
In the light of the Post Office scandal, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is imperative that we not only clear the backlog as quickly as possible, because there have been deaths involved, but enable the Justice Secretary to strip the Post Office of its powers to independently prosecute?
My hon.
Friend raises a good point.
It is vital that the delivery of justice is swift.
We appreciate that the wait for trial can be extremely difficult for victims, so we are doing all we can to ensure that cases are heard more swiftly.
We are urgently working on the detail of how to clear the names of the postmasters as quickly as possible, and further detail will be announced in due course.
There should be no disparity between the standard of justice in private and public prosecutions, and we will carefully consider the findings of Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry.