The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
It is one thing being a victim of a crime in the first place but another not being kept updated on progress of the sentence of that individual, or indeed a parole decision.
That is why we are absolutely committed through the victims code and other mechanisms to ensuring that victims are kept updated, including during the important parole process.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the time taken to schedule court hearings for historical cases of child sexual exploitation on survivors and their families.
The House should be in no doubt as to how urgently we are working to accelerate justice.
We will have recruited 1,000 new judges by the end of this year and extended the use of 24 Nightingale courtrooms, and we funded a record number of sitting days in courts last year.
We have transformed how we support victims of sexual violence offences through the criminal justice system, including with the use of nearly 1,000 independent sexual violence advisers—some of those are especially for children—the nationwide roll-out of section 28 evidence procedures and pre-court familiarisation for vulnerable witnesses.
My constituent had to wait several years before her historical child sexual exploitation case was finally heard.
During that time, the court date was cancelled twice, causing her immense distress.
There is a backlog of about 65,000 Crown court cases—a third more there than in 2020—and nearly a third are waiting more than one year, compared with 10% in 2020.
I appreciate what the Minister said about the additional barristers and judges recruited, but given the sensitive nature of these cases, could she indicate what percentage of the backlog is down to that and what she and her team are doing specifically to address it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, who has raised this issue before.
She will know that listing is a matter for the independent judiciary, but I do not seek to hide behind that.
Actually, I would like to meet her to discuss the specific reasons for adjourning the case she talked about, because we might be able to do something to help.
I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to two important things.
A new police taskforce set up by the Government to support historical child sex abuse investigations has led to a 20% increase in child sex charges in the past year alone.
In addition to that, I will say this.
Greater Manchester currently has 59 live investigations into child sexual abuse.
These are complex cases involving multiple perpetrators and multiple victims.
In one case that recently went all the way through the court, the perpetrators did not even know each other—they had never met—so even the decision about how the group is arranged, how the case is allocated and the length of time it will need for listing is particularly complex.
I would like to meet her, for the reasons I gave.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of crime.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of crime.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of crime.
Supporting victims has broadly three elements.
First, it means ensuring harmful behaviour is comprehensively criminalised.
That is why we have legislated to create new offences of stalking, coercive and controlling behaviour, upskirting, revenge porn, non-fatal strangulation and cyberflashing.
Secondly, it means ensuring that the punishment fits the crime, which is why the average sentence has increased by around 50% since 2010.
Thirdly, it means supporting victims before, during and after the court process.
That is why we are funding over 1,000 independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers by 2024-25, we have set up  a 24/7 rape support helpline, and we are quadrupling funding for victims’ services in cash terms since 2010.
Cuckooing is not a victimless crime.
The victims whose homes are invaded are frequently extremely vulnerable.
Will the Secretary of State consider a separate specific offence of cuckooing in the Criminal Justice Bill to ensure not just that the punishment fits the crime, but that the crime fits the crime?
My hon.
Friend has been brilliant in raising this issue time and time again.
At least in part because of the pressure she has put on, we held a stakeholder engagement exercise on this issue with the police, criminal justice system partners, local authorities, other Government Departments and so on.
The exercise reveals that there are civil orders and criminal offences which are available to disrupt it.
It might be, for example, that the underlying offence is the possession of drugs with intent to supply, the possession of firearms or common assault.
However, this issue is worthy of further consideration, so I will invite a conversation with her in due course.
Last week, I was contacted by a constituent who has been named in the local press as a victim of domestic abuse against their expressed wishes.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend will appreciate, naming has the potential to endanger their safety and harm their recovery.
What more can be done to safeguard the confidentiality of victims of domestic abuse?
My hon.
Friend raises an absolutely essential point, because giving evidence is a deeply traumatic experience.
Powers in section 46 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 allow the court, on application, to make a decision about anonymity and to take account of the circumstances of the alleged offending, the alleged offender, the alleged victim, and so on.
That is a matter for the court.
The court has to  weigh the circumstances of the case against the overarching interests of transparency.
That is a matter on which the courts are well placed to decide.
Carshalton and Wallington is supposed to be one of the safest parts of London, but it has been shocked by a number of knife and violent crime incidents recently, including a knife attack in Wallington Sainsbury’s on Christmas eve, which was traumatic not only for those involved but for those who witnessed it.
Can my right hon.
and learned Friend assure me that victims and witnesses of terrible crimes can get access to help and support while they wait for the police to build a case?