I agree with the hon.
Gentleman about the urgency of the situation.
There is a different path available to us.
We can revive our public services and give our country back what we used to take for granted.
Labour’s plan would take immediate steps to rescue NHS dentistry, with 700,000 more urgent appointments and the recruitment of new dentists in the areas most in need.
We would also take the necessary steps to rebuild NHS dentistry over the long term, including reforming the dental contract and introducing supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in primary schools, so that poor oral health is prevented and demands on the service reduced.
In fact, some of my Labour colleagues are not even waiting for the general election to start making a difference.
Labour’s candidate in Stroud, Simon Opher—himself a GP—has spearheaded a campaign working with local dentists and the integrated care board.
From opposition, he has more than trebled the number of emergency appointments available each day across Gloucestershire, pioneered a new dental stabilisation scheme for people not known to a local practice, opening up more than 130 appointments a week, and introduced supervised toothbrushing in 14 local primary schools.
If that is the difference Simon is making in opposition, imagine what he will be able to do as a Labour MP working with a Labour Government.
That Government cannot come soon enough.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does he agree with me and my constituent in Crouch End who has not had a check-up since 2019 that the link between poor oral health and oral cancer is serious?
That could be contributing to the terrible problem we have with cancer waiting times.
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
Prevention is better than cure.
It is a truism, and it is also the foundation pillar of what would be Labour’s 10-year plan for reform and modernisation of our national health service.
A part of that plan is before the House today, and Government Members will have to explain to their constituents, only months, if not weeks away from a general election, why they are refusing to support it.
The Government’s amendment to the motion promises that the dental recovery plan is coming soon, but it was due last summer; now, they cannot put a date on when the plan will arrive, when it will be implemented or even say what it is.
Conservative Ministers have taken a look at the state of NHS dentistry, at the millions of people across the country who cannot get an appointment to see a dentist and at children in their own constituencies whose teeth are rotting, and their conclusion is: what is the rush?
Let me tell them why they should get their skates on.
A 17-year-old boy in Plymouth had to undergo emergency surgery on an abscess in his mouth last year.
He spent two months trying to book an NHS dentist—he  said that he was on hold for about three hours per day.
According to figures on the NHS website, no dentists are taking on new NHS patients in the Plymouth, Moor View constituency.
It was left too late, and when he finally got the healthcare he needed, he required emergency surgery, which has left him scarred for life.
In Worthing West, Labour’s candidate Dr Beccy Cooper told me of an 82-year-old great-grandfather on pension credit who told her that he will not be going back to an NHS dentist before he dies.
He tried to get an NHS dentist in Worthing, but no one will take him on the NHS to receive low-cost treatment.
Dr Beccy Cooper also tells me that residents who cannot get a dentist are being told to look for one in Hampshire, more than 60 miles away from where they live.
On that important point, a couple who moved into new housing in my constituency tried to get an NHS dentist for over a year without any success whatsoever.
They have got two options: they either go private or use their previous dentist, who is 20 miles away.
That is wholly unacceptable.
Will my hon.
Friend simply explain how Labour’s plan will eradicate this unacceptable issue?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We will have: 700,000 appointments, making a difference straightaway; supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds to reduce future demand on NHS services; and reform of the NHS dentistry contract so that we can rebuild an NHS dentistry service worthy of the name.
That change cannot come soon enough.
My constituent Amy has been in contact with me about the difficulties that she and her five children have had getting NHS dentist appointments.
She explained that her husband was in the military and therefore they had to move home frequently, and each time they moved they found it harder to get an NHS dentist.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is a shameful way to treat people who have served and given so much to our country?
I agree.
I am afraid that when it comes to serving personnel and veterans, there is a gulf between what the Government say and promise and what they do; that is not the only example.
One thing not in the Government’s amendment to Labour’s motion is a pledge to protect the NHS dentistry budget.
That is odd, because the Prime Minister promised to do exactly that 18 months ago.
The truth is that the Prime Minister broke that pledge in November when he gave the go-ahead for dentistry underspends to be raided, effectively waving the white flag on the future of the service.
Can you believe it?
Despite everything we have heard, there are dentistry underspends, and the Prime Minister thinks that other things are greater priorities than this crisis.
The consequences of that decision are now being felt.
The budget in some areas of the country is running out and dentists are having to stop NHS work for the remainder of the year.
It is so deeply frustrating.
NHS dentists want to do more NHS work; it is the Government who are standing in their way.
The Nuffield Trust’s stark report into the crisis suggested that NHS  dentistry may have to be scaled back and made available only to the least well-off.
Such an approach would be the end of NHS dentistry as a universal public service, yet that is exactly the approach that the Government are piloting in Cornwall.
Children, the over-80s and those with specific health needs are given treatment; everyone else has to go private or go without.
They will not admit it, but this is the future under the Tories: further neglect, decline and patients made to go without.
Worse still, NHS dentistry is the ghost of Christmas yet to come under the Tories.
That is not partisan overreaction on our part; that is according to the lead author of the Nuffield Trust’s report.
He wrote: “For the wider health system, the lessons are troubling: without political honesty and a clear strategy, the same long-term slide from aspiration to reality could happen in other areas of primary care too.”
What has happened to NHS dentistry under the Tories is coming to the rest of the NHS if they are given another five years.
That is not the continuity that the country is looking for—it is looking for change with Labour.
My Bath constituency is also described as an NHS dental desert.
The only option for people is to go private.
The hon.
Member has already said that it is Dickensian.
Does he agree that it is not just a health problem but an equalities issue that the Government fail to recognise?
I totally agree.
In fact, Claire Hazelgrove, Labour’s candidate in Filton and Bradley Stoke—next-door to the forthcoming by-election—was telling me about problems in her constituency and that exact challenge of people being left without or having to go private.
One patient told her that her dental practice was now only seeing private patients.
That same patient cares for her 84-year-old dad with dementia, who needed a tooth removal to allow him to eat.
His appointment was also cancelled.
That is what is happening before our eyes.
What of those who cannot afford it?
Anna Dixon, Labour’s candidate in Shipley, told me of a woman in her town who had been turned away as an NHS patient and could not afford to go private.
She was struggling with pain, it was affecting her eating, and she was at her wits’ end.
With the Tories, if you have not got the money, you have not got the care.
As a neighbouring MP, I thank my hon.
Friend for mentioning Claire Hazelgrove, our candidate in Filton and Bradley Stoke, who is doing tremendous work on this.
I have done a survey of my constituency and have found that about 98% of Bristol NHS practices are not taking on new patients.
One issue I have also come across is that, even when people do have access to an NHS dentist, they cannot afford even those lower fees, and as a result they are being removed from the active patient list and losing access to that.
We can understand how, during the cost of living crisis, people might delay a check-up for a few months because there are so many other pressing demands on their budgets.
I totally agree, and I do not think we should be complacent about this as a country.
The NHS is already becoming a two-tier healthcare system, where  those who can afford to go private are paying and the rest are left with an increasingly poor service for poor people.
Government Members protest now, but they admit their goals once they leave the Department for Health and Social Care.
The Health Secretary’s predecessors may not have said it when they were in her place at the Dispatch Box, but, as soon as they were out the door of the Department, the right hon.
Members for West Suffolk (Matt Hancock) and for Bromsgrove (Sir Sajid Javid) said what they really believe: patients should be charged for GP appointments.
Well, why stop there with this Conservative philosophy?
Why not go further?
That is the future for the health service if the Conservative party is given another five years.
That is the risk facing patients across the country, and that is the choice facing voters at the next general election: further neglect, mismanagement and decline under the Conservatives or change with Labour and a decade of national renewal.
On NHS dentistry, the need for change could not be clearer.
By the Conservative party’s own admission, it does not have a plan—just the vague promise of one coming in the future.
All it does have is a record of 14 years of failure.
If we stick to the current path, full universal access to NHS dentistry may be gone for good.
The Conservatives may be happy to wave goodbye to this vital public service, but that is not the Labour way.
With Labour, there is a clear plan, with immediate steps to tackle the crisis and long-term reform to rebuild dentistry.
There will be more appointments, more dentists, more support for children and long-term reform to put the service on a sustainable footing, paid for by abolishing the non-dom tax status.
That is because Labour believes that people who live and work in Britain should pay their taxes here, too.
It does not matter whether they live on Downing Street or any other street: if they make their money here in Britain, they should pay their taxes here, too.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Abby Lane, in my constituency, has contacted over 30 dental practices.
Not one is accepting her and her one-year-old child, who desperately needs dental treatment.
Is it not the case that we now need to reform the system so that local commissioners can ensure that dental commissioning is happening in local areas where there is need, and not just have this patchwork system where dentists are fleeing because it is not paying well enough?
I totally agree.
The tragedy is that if we look at the system as a whole and think about the pressure the whole system is under, and if we got NHS dentistry right, we would not only be saving patients untold pain, but saving the NHS money.
As Lucy Rigby, Labour’s candidate in Northampton North, reported to me, in 2022 tooth decay forced 625 of her local patients to A&E—worse for them and more expensive for the taxpayer.
If Tory Members disagree with charging non-doms their fair share, maybe they could explain in their own contributions why they disagree.
I am sure that their constituents would love to hear their defence of the non-doms, and we would be happy to give them space on Labour leaflets to quote their arguments back at them and let the public decide.
I would particularly like to know why the Prime Minister is so wedded to this tax break for the wealthiest.
While Tory Members are set to oppose Labour’s rescue motion today, I understand that our plan on supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds has received an endorsement from an unlikely source.
On his podcast, former Conservative Chancellor George Osborne said: “That really is the nanny-state in action.”