The latest criminal court statistics show a Crown court backlog of 66,547 cases, once again breaking records.
The next quarter has just ended, so does the Minister expect the figures to break records again?
In addition to the measures that we have already taken—unlimited sitting days, recruitment of judges, investment in courts to ensure they are resilient, and extending Nightingale courts—I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are building 58 new court rooms to ensure we have capacity.
I have not seen the figures on the backlog, but the latest figures for the number of disposals—[Interruption.]
Our courts and our judges are working flat out, as are all members of the criminal justice system.
I reassure him that the level of disposals being undertaken by our judiciary is up and the work of our judiciary is exemplary.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
Between 2010-11 and 2020-21, the overall proven reoffending rate decreased from 31.6% to 24.4%.
The Government continue to take action to drive down the reoffending rate even further by investing in initiatives to get more offenders into work, stable accommodation and substance misuse treatment on their release.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the key to rehabilitation and ending reoffending is employment and stable accommodation.
He has spoken already about purposeful activity today, but may I ask him to look at making the subsistence payment available to all prisoners on release, because that would ensure access to the sort of settled accommodation that is required?
My hon.
Friend makes an interesting suggestion.
I am happy to meet him, if that would be helpful, to discuss further his ideas.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which concerns my involvement with organisations related to addiction and recovery.
I acknowledge the positives of rolling out incentivised substance-free living wings, but they do not offer recovery as part of the process.
Recovery wings offer a far greater chance of rehabilitation as they get people into recovery while they are in prison and before they are released.
Currently, there are only seven planned across the prison estate, and I think that it will take Ministers to challenge civil servants and NHS fundholders to see those rolled out.
Will the Minister examine the benefits of expanding recovery wings across the whole of the prison estate?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for both his question and the tone in which he asks it.
He is absolutely right to highlight the importance of this scheme.
As he will be aware, those seven wings are a relatively new step forward.
We are seeing how they operate.
I think, if I recall, they were initiated by the former Deputy Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Dominic Raab) , when he was in post in the Ministry of Justice.
I continue to look at this very carefully, but I am watching to see how those wings operate first, but I do so with an open mind.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the safety of victims after violent offenders are released.
Protecting the public is our top priority.
Offenders are subject to strict licence conditions on release, which can include tagging and exclusion zones, and they can of course be returned to prison if they breach those conditions.
Victims of violent and sexual offenders serving prison sentences of 12 months or more are legally entitled to request protected licence conditions on release, including exclusion zones.
The probation service works with partners including the police under the multi-agency public protection arrangements, to closely manage the risk presented by the most serious offenders.
Rhianon Bragg’s attacker was convicted of stalking, possessing a firearm and making threats to kill.
Only two months ago, the Parole Board decided that his probation release plan could not ensure public protection, yet he will be automatically released next month.
I have sent numerous letters to Ministers on this matter but have received not a single reply.
Given that the victim lives in a remote area, which makes conventional surveillance methods virtually impossible, will the Secretary of State finally provide a credible response to the urgent safety risks faced by victims such as Rhianon?
First, I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising this case.
I do know about the case of Rhianon Bragg—in the interests of complete transparency, I should say that I was at school with her.
The Government introduced extended determinate sentences in order to  better protect the public from dangerous offenders by making their early release dependent on the Parole Board.
Offenders on extended determinate sentences must be released.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, there are no legal powers to hold them for longer at the end of that custodial term.
However, they face years of strict supervision by the probation service with strict licence conditions, such as exclusion zones and curfews, and they will be returned to prison if they breach them.
I am aware of the letter that was sent on the 14th to my right hon.
Friend the Minister of State.
He will of course be happy to meet the right hon.
Lady to discuss those points.
What assessment he has made of the sustainability of probation officer case loads.
We have increased funding for the probation service by £155 million a year to recruit more staff, bring down caseloads and deliver better supervision of offenders in the community.
We have also accelerated recruitment of trainee probation officers, particularly in areas with the most significant staffing challenges.
As a result, more than 4,000 trainees started on training courses between April 2020 and March of last year.
Probation workloads are too high, which is having a terrible impact on both staff morale and retention as well as public safety.
What consideration has the Minister given to the very reasonable proposal agreed between His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service and the probation unions to free up staff time by abolishing the post-sentence supervision, which was brought in under privatisation and is seen as simply a waste of time by those probation officers and their employer?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
Although, on partial data for this year, caseloads are going down, she is right to highlight that they are still high.
She makes a good point about the post-sentence supervision requirement, which I am happy to reflect on carefully.
I understand that the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk)  has met representatives to hear their views on the matter.
Whether he is taking steps to help improve the safeguarding of prisoners with mental health needs.
We are committed to improving mental health outcomes for prisoners, including recruiting additional staff, because having adequate staffing in prisons is important; investing £625,000 of funding in the Samaritans each year until March 2025, which includes the delivery of the Listener scheme; and working alongside NHS England, which is responsible for delivering mental health support services in the custodial estate to ensure that they are joined up and effective.
I have been working with a constituent whose son sadly took his own life in Pentonville last year.
Although it is well established that there is a high rate of mental health problems among prisoners, the provision of support is insufficient and even reliable data on the scale of the issue is lacking.
Will the Government commit to a full review of the support and safeguarding for prisoners with mental health problems?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, and I hope that through her I can pass on my sympathies and condolences to her constituent.
I am not aware of the details of that case, but if she wants to write to me, I would be happy to look at that specific case.
Sadly, there are too many deaths in custody and every one is a tragedy, so I am always happy to look at ways in which we can better improve the support available to those with mental health conditions or other health conditions that might make them more vulnerable within a custodial environment.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.