This letter seeks broad input to address five major landscape domains that may contribute to developing realworld risk reduction and mitigation frameworks that protect public health and safety when considering implementing potential therapies that use a psychedelic or entactogenic drug substance in medically supervised and interpersonally supportive settings.
These include: (1) service delivery, (2) promoting participant protections, (3) engagement of communities, (4) safeguarding equitable access, and (5) best practices for data standards.
Service Delivery
What is the spectrum of interdisciplinary practitioners who will be held accountable as session facilitators/monitors for the potential use of these substances in medically supervised and interpersonally supportive settings?
Training considerations What are the minimal training standards for integrated care delivery?
What curriculum is needed that best addresses variations in psychotherapy (e.g., how best to address a participant's vulnerability and manage psychedelic-related challenging experiences)?
Credentialing considerations What are the relevant background education, qualifications, professional experiences, and potential examinations that might be considered for interdisciplinary credentialing?
Which disciplines may represent `service providers' (e.g., clinical practitioners, counselors, peer support)?
What might be appropriate supervision and practice hour requirements?
What types of guidance documents may be necessary for those who provide close supervision/monitoring of participants using psychedelics or entactogens?
Promoting Participant Protections Provide input on strategies that may be critical to protecting participants, including: What strategies will be needed to ensure participant education, screening for medical or mental health conditions that may disqualify from participation, and informed consent prior to an individual participating in a therapy that may use a psychedelic or entactogenic drug substance?
What is needed to assess baseline pre-dose and adverse event monitoring post-dose (e.g., suicidal ideation or behavior, physiological reactions, psychological harm, substance misuse, and drug-drug interactions)?
What information is available or needed on how medically supervised and interpersonally supportive settings might incorporate substance misuse screening and prevention, risk mitigation, safety and ethical monitoring strategies that protect participants from potential ethical boundary violations from providers?
What components need to be developed to support ethicalvigilance reporting systems (e.g., state departments of consumer protection, professional societies, state licensing bodies, and law enforcement)?
What data might be collected that improves existing pharmacovigilance reporting systems?
How will these strategies complement existing patient protection regulations enforced by FDA that reduce risk for clinical trial participants as well as for users of approved and regulated products?
Engagement of Communities The PATH Caucus invites input to help identify best mechanisms/approaches that achieve engagement with diverse communities, including: How might some indigenous people's use of psychedelics (e.g., ayahuasca, peyote) as sacraments in spiritual ceremonial or ritual healing practices, improve our understanding to protect public health and safety?
How might we ensure engagement with vulnerable populations disproportionately affected by mental health conditions, including people experiencing homelessness, racial/ethnic minorities, sexual and gender minorities, older adults, people living with disabilities and chronic health conditions, and individuals in the criminal justice system (Ortiz et al., 2022)?