Are there examples of best practices that facilitate provider (e.g., clinical practitioners, counselors, and peer support) engagement with vulnerable populations?
How do we effectively navigate societal stigma associated with psychedelic or entactogenic use?
How do we effectively educate healthcare, local crisis response systems, and law enforcement?
How do we best engage in comprehensive transparent community educational outreach?
Safeguarding Equitable Access What should be considered critical elements to the development of capabilities across the following domains or activities?
Reimbursements that ensure equitable access to services.
Healthcare economic impact analyses.
Types of medically supervised and interpersonally supportive therapy settings.
Collaboration on activities that may include input on prescribing, administering, and dispensing.
Manufacturing and distribution standards.
Supporting oversight of the available supply of substances.
Diversion control monitoring.
Information on how potential psychedelic and entactogenic medicinal use might fit within the medication use process and workflow of health care systems.
How should these activities be performed in a manner that complements and supports FDA's regulation of development, manufacturing, distribution, marketing and use of psychedelics?
Best Practices for Data Standards What types of data standards and repositories (e.g., Coordinated Registry Networks) may be created to collect data that continually informs best practices and vice versa?
How might current surveillance systems of regulated and unregulated settings be improved?
For example, Researched Abuse, Diversion and AddictionRelated Surveillance (RADARS), Monitoring the Future, National Survey on Drug Use and Health, and the Drug Abuse Warning Network, collect actionable data on psychedelic and entactogenic use; associated adverse events; prevalence of medical and non-medical use; frequency, dose, and use settings; and participant comorbidities, health concerns, long-term effects, as well as demographic characteristics.
Please email your input and feedback to PATH@mail.house.gov by close of business on February 28, 2025.
Your responses to these questions are crucial, as they will directly inform Congress on how best to contribute to protecting public health and safety, acknowledging the complex nature of issues associated with these novel therapies that use psychedelic or entactogenic substances in medically supervised and interpersonally supportive settings.
We aim to ensure the path we walk is illuminated for all Congressional members where they can make informed decisions on the relevant issues.