Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor and celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Zekelman Holocaust Center, a cornerstone of education and remembrance in Farmington Hills, Michigan.
Since its inception in 1984, the Center has guided countless individuals through the history of the Holocaust while instilling values of tolerance, empathy, and the importance of standing against hatred and antisemitism.
Its commitment to preserving the memories of Holocaust victims and survivors is a mission of profound significance, one that will continue to resonate for generations to come.
Founded on the campus of the Jewish Community Center in West Bloomfield and relocated to its current location in Farmington Hills in 2004, the Center's mission is to engage, educate, and empower visitors to create a better future.
As the Zekelman Holocaust Center has grown, so has its impact.
The Center reaches over 150,000 individuals annually through educational efforts, virtual museum experiences, and on-site visits.
From teacher workshops to an extensive research library and special exhibit galleries, it has become a dynamic institution where visitors can engage with history in a deeply meaningful way.
The Center's exhibits have evolved over the years to elevate the personal experiences of survivors, capturing the strength and perseverance of those who came to call Michigan home, following World War II.
Notable features include the Eternal Flame & Memorial Wall and a Holocaust-era boxcar, both curated to ensure that the difficult history of the Holocaust is preserved for and transmitted to future generations.
Just as it delves into some of the darkest moments of the Holocaust, Zekelman Holocaust Center has become a beacon of hope through its Kindertransport and Heroism and Hidden Gallery exhibits.
These exhibits tell stories of immense courage and personal sacrifice that celebrate the extraordinary actions of ordinary people who aided Jews and rescued thousands of children.
As one of only eleven sites in the United States to receive a sapling from the tree that grew outside of Anne Frank's hiding place, the Center is able to highlight a symbol of Frank's resilience and her hope that one day humanity would have another chance.
Beyond its physical exhibits, the Zekelman Holocaust Center serves as a resource for understanding and combating antisemitism.
The Center works tirelessly to educate younger generations, emphasizing the scale against injustice and hatred.
As we celebrate the Zekelman Holocaust Center's 40th anniversary, let us acknowledge its significant role in educating our communities, shaping compassionate leaders, and fostering a more just world.
It is with deep appreciation that I recognize the Center's contributions.
May the Zekelman Holocaust Center continue to be a source of knowledge, reflection, and hope for many more years to come.