Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished fellow physician and beloved friend, Dr. Robert Lee West, of Greenville, NC.
Dr. West grew up working on his family's farm and received his medical degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1959.
He certainly left his mark on the Tarheel medical community, serving a year as the Chief Resident.
After receiving his certification from the American Board of Pathology in 1964, Dr. West committed to serving our Nation by enlisting in the U.S. Army.
He was assigned to Walter Reed Memorial Hospital, and we as a nation are forever indebted to Dr. West for his contributions to the health of our soldiers, as he helped establish the hospital's first Clinical Research Unit.
Following his military service, Dr. West relocated to Greenville with his business partner, Dr. Charles Gilbert, where he practiced for 47 years.
Together, they helped establish the Department of Pathology at Pitt County Memorial Hospital, providing pathological services throughout Eastern North Carolina.
Dr. West brought his decades of clinical experience to educate aspiring physicians by joining the faculty at the ECU Brody School of Medicine in 1983.
While he was a professor, Dr. West was recognized by Cambridge's Who's Who for his leadership in higher education.
Upon his retirement in 2013, he was granted the title of Professor Emeritus and received the Clinical Faculty Development Award for the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Dr. West made remarkable and enduring contributions to the field of pathology at every stage of his career.
Words do little justice when trying to fully capture the profound impact he had on our Nation, his community, and the medical field.
Dr. West went to be with the Lord on September 28, 2024, leaving a void felt deeply by all who knew him.
I hope that we can all learn from his legacy and strive to meaningfully contribute wherever we are, whenever we can, and to whomever we can, just as he did.
I am honored and humbled to extend this chamber's recognition to this incredible, faithful servant leader.
May Dr. West forever rest in peace.