Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise today to congratulate Reverend Father Theodore ``Ted'' Poteres, Proistamenos of Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral in Merrillville, Indiana, on his retirement.
For his twenty-eight years community, Father Ted will be honored at a retirement celebration on May 18, 2025, at Saints Constantine and Helen Banquet Center.
Reverend Father Ted Poteres was ordained in 1984 and began his career as parish priest of Saints Constantine and Helen in Rockford, Illinois, where he served for more than ten years.
In 1997, he became the priest at Saints Constantine and Helen in Merrillville, Indiana.
For his outstanding career in the priesthood spanning a remarkable forty-one years, Father Ted is worthy of the highest praise.
Throughout his noteworthy career, Father Ted has worked tirelessly to support those most in need throughout the region.
Under his direction at the cathedral in Merrillville, the church's ministries have continued to grow and expand.
These programs include the Angel Tree program, the Harvest for Hungry program, winter clothing drives, backto-school supply drives, hosting the Ross Township food pantry, and supporting the AHEPA low-income senior housing residents.
In addition to his ministry efforts, providing his parishioners and the community with spiritual guidance has always been of the utmost importance to Father Ted, and he has done so with absolute integrity and grace.
He has worked diligently to counsel his parishioners and the surrounding community on issues such as alcohol and drug abuse, child abuse, suicide, cancer, HIV and AIDS, grief, marriage counseling, and youth concerns.
Outside of his tireless work at the cathedral, Father Ted gives of his time and effort to numerous charitable endeavors within the community.
He also serves on boards and committees for several organizations including the Chicago Metropolis for Jewish-Christian Dialogue, the Chicago Metropolis Youth Retreat Camps, the Northwest Indiana Orthodox Clergy Association, and the Merrillville Clergy Association, among others.