Patrick Agyemang was 9 when he found his seat at Rentschler Field in East Hartford to watch the U.S. men's national soccer team play one of its final tune-ups for the 2010 World Cup.
He lived a few minutes from the stadium in a working-class home the family called ``the Headquarters''--the place where he and his two brothers, parents and friends enjoyed most of their time together.
With his participation and passion in the sport swelling, Patrick couldn't wait for kickoff against the Czech Republic.
He stared out and saw Clint Dempsey, Landon Donovan and other stars pass through the players' tunnel and in that moment tried seeing himself someday making that walk in U.S. colors.
``It's funny, because I still kind of remember how I felt,'' he said Tuesday.
``It was a sense of excitement, and I was like: `This is where I want to be.
I don't know how, but I would love to be on that field, to play for the country and be able to know that my parents [someday] could come to this game and watch me.' ''
Almost 15 years have passed, and Agyemang is in a U.S. uniform--not preparing for a World Cup but making gains with the national team after climbing the ladder as a relative unknown from NCAA Division III to Division I, to MLS's developmental league, then to MLS with Charlotte FC, where last year he made the league minimum ($71,401).
In his first appearance for the national program at any level, Agyemang started and scored the second U.S. goal Saturday during a 3-1 victory over Venezuela in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Agyemang (pronounced Aaw-jee-mawn) earned his place this month after scoring a team best 10 goals in MLS last year.
On Saturday, the 24-year-old forward was among eight players to make their U.S. debut.
``There was a level of uncertainty, just because I've never been in an environment like this,'' Agyemang said of his first camp.
``I just wanted to come in being myself, completely myself, and, showing it on and off the field.
I think I was able to do that, but the guys and the coaching staff made it way more easy than I expected and just made it an experience I won't forget.''
Patrick Agyemang had never been invited to a U.S. camp at any level until this month.
Agile and 6-foot-4, Agyemang displayed qualities in the open field and on set pieces Saturday.
He drew a penalty kick less than two minutes into the match--Matko Miljevic failed to convert--and proved dangerous on the counterattack.
``I think he can be very, very, very useful,'' Pochettino said.
``He's still young, still has room to improve....
I am so happy with him.
His performance was really good.
He's capable to add [something] different to the team that sometimes we were missing a little bit.
It's a very good alternative.''
Over the years, the U.S. program has employed tall center backs and goalkeepers but few towering forwards.
Agyemang sprouted five inches before his junior year in high school and kept growing.
``He's apparently 6-4, but I think he's like 6-6,'' said U.S. left back DeJuan Jones, who has played against Agyemang in MLS.
``He's got the Height--tough to mark on corners, for sure--and then he's very quick and agile, and his holdup play is nice as well.
It's nice to be on his team for once.
One to watch out for.''
Agyemang's parents emigrated from Ghana and juggled multiple jobs while raising three children.
Soccer was central to their upbringing with neighborhood games, school teams and youth leagues.
During World Cups, family and friends gathered to watch the Black Stars, Ghana's national team.
In 2006, 2010 and 2014, the United States and Ghana faced each other at the World Cup, with the Black Stars winning the first two.
``I remember 2010 I was actually at one of my teammates' house,'' Agyemang said.
``We were having a pool party.
All the parents were in the living room.
Whoever scores, they'll scream, then the other group will scream.
It was a lot because it was a diverse place.
I think I was rooting for both.''
Despite excelling for his high school and club, he did not receive any offers from NCAA Division I or II programs.
He landed at Eastern Connecticut State.
Agyemang was the league's rookie of the year.