As the primary liaison between Members

of Congress, our staffs, committees, and U.S. Transportation Command,

Colonel Foy communicated the commander's legislative priorities and

ensured appropriations for three sealift vessels valued at $300 million

into the Ready Reserve Force and enrollment of the first ten tankers

into the Tanker Security Program.
Colonel Foy also led the charge in

coordinating the commander's support for appropriations of a digital

U.S. Coast Guard credentialling system that will drastically improve

accountability of our U.S. merchant mariners.
Mr. Speaker, next month Colonel Foy will assume command of the 621st

Contingency Response Group at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New

Jersey.
It has been a great pleasure to work with Colonel Foy during

his time representing U.S. Transportation Command on Capitol Hill.
On

behalf of our grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless

service and sacrifice of Colonel Foy and his wife, Natacha.
I wish them

the very best as they continue their journey in our U.S. Air Force.
They have dedicated their lives to the service of our great Nation.
Together, We Deliver.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROTECTING OUR FOOD SUPPLY: THE CCP'S GROWING THREAT AND THE DANGERS OF

THE EATS ACT

HON.
NANCY MACE

Ms. MACE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to add my voice to those of my

colleagues who are coming to the Floor this week to speak about, and to

legislate in response to, the growing threat from the Chinese Communist

Party.
The threat is real, it is significant, and it is the solemn duty

of this body to respond to it.
You will hear a lot this week about the threat to our intellectual

property.
You will hear about the threat to our privacy, our economic

security, and our national security.
But I rise today to make sure we

don't overlook the very real threat of food security.
I've heard Members of both parties say, ``Food security is national

security.''
But tucked into the current version of the House Farm Bill

is the H.R. 4417--EATS Act of 2023, a bill that would be a gift to the

CCP.
It's been lauded by the Chinese media as a way for Chinese-owned

companies to dominate market share in the American food industry.
Mr. Speaker, the American Farm Bill should benefit American farmers

and protect the American food supply.
It should not make it easier or

``more efficient'' for the CCP to control our food supply.
After all, food security is national security.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COLONEL SUZANNE C. NIELSEN FOR HER SERVICE

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments

of Colonel Suzanne C. Nielsen, Professor and Head of the Department of

Social Sciences at the United States Military Academy at West Point.
She graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in the class of 1991

with a B.S. in political science.
She holds a master's degree from the

U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and is an alumna of the

National War College.
She also has a Ph.D. in political science from

Harvard University.
Colonel Nielsen serves on the governing council of

the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society and is a

member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Upon commissioning, Colonel Nielsen moved to Augsburg, Germany, where

she served as a Platoon Leader, Company Executive Officer, and

Operations Officer for the 204th MI Battalion, 66th MI Brigade.
She

then went on to serve in many roles in the United States Military, both

at home and abroad, from 1995 to 2009, including serving in Korea and

Iraq.
Her career at West Point began in 1999 as an Instructor and

Assistant Professor with the Department of Social Sciences.