Col.
Helgestad was born and raised in Lonsdale, Minnesota.
He

attended New Prague High School where he played football, hockey, and

baseball.
His life of service started earlier than most--before he even

graduated high school, he joined the National Guard as a private.
He

continued to serve in the National Guard while he attended college at

Mankato State University, where he met his wife, Karry.
In 2001, Col.
Helgestad deployed to Saudi Arabia as an enlisted

chemical reconnaissance specialist.
A few months later, in the wake of

the tragic events of 9/11, he made the selfless choice to dedicate his

life to serving our country.
He attended Officer Candidate School and

was commissioned as an Infantry Officer in Ft.
Benning, Georgia.
He was

then deployed to Kosovo and later Iraq as a company executive officer

years leading the soldiers of Charly Company in Operation Iraqi

Freedom.
For his final deployment, Col.
Helgestad served as the Battalion

Commander of the 1-194 Armor Regiment.
He led a historic deployment for

Operation Spartan Shield based out of Camp Buehring, Kuwait.
Under his

leadership, 425 soldiers participated in the evacuation of Kabul,

Afghanistan in August 2021 by securing vital sectors of Hamid Karzai

International Airport and providing humanitarian assistance.
His

battalion was awarded the Army Presidential Unit Citation, the U.S.

military's highest unit award, for their work.
Col.
Helgestad's life

and career were characterized by great personal sacrifice and exemplary

service.
He represented the best that this country has to offer.
I offer my deepest condolences to Col.
Helgestad's family--his wife,

Karry, and his two children, Lucy and Sam.
And I thank him and his

family for their service and dedication to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN APPRECIATION OF COLONEL JOHN D. FOY FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE UNITED

STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
MICHAEL WALTZ

Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and an

exceptional leader in our U.S. Air Force.
Colonel John ``JD'' Foy has distinguished himself through his

professional character and dedication by serving this Nation in

uniform.
For the past two years, Colonel Foy served admirably as the

Director of Congressional Affairs for U.S. Transportation Command where

he led his team to plan and execute over one hundred congressional

engagements between the Commander of U.S. Transportation Command and

Members of Congress.
Colonel Foy has had a remarkable twenty-three-year career after

graduating from the U.S. Air Force Academy and commissioning as a

Second Lieutenant.
After graduating with honors from Specialized

Undergraduate Navigator Training and C-130 Navigator Qualification

Training, Colonel Foy deployed seven times and accrued over eight

hundred combat hours, earning the Air Medal six times in Iraq and

Afghanistan.
In 2010, he won the U.S. Air Force's Cheney Award for

leading thirty-six Airmen to establish an airfield in Pakistan

providing aid and relief to over 20 million flood victims.
From 2018 to

2020, as a Squadron Commander in Japan, he led over three hundred

maintainers and aerial porters to support over twelve thousand missions

throughout the Indo-Pacific region.
Later, the Commander of U.S. Transportation Command selected Colonel

Foy to serve as her Director of Legislative Affairs after graduating

U.S. Marine Corps War College.
As the primary liaison between Members

of Congress, our staffs, committees, and U.S. Transportation Command,

Colonel Foy communicated the commander's legislative priorities and

ensured appropriations for three sealift vessels valued at $300 million

into the Ready Reserve Force and enrollment of the first ten tankers

into the Tanker Security Program.
Colonel Foy also led the charge in

coordinating the commander's support for appropriations of a digital

U.S. Coast Guard credentialling system that will drastically improve

accountability of our U.S. merchant mariners.
Mr. Speaker, next month Colonel Foy will assume command of the 621st

Contingency Response Group at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New

Jersey.