I am proud of his appointment as the new Adjutant General of the

Mississippi National Guard.
His service both to our Nation and the

State of Mississippi are well recognized, and I am thankful for his

leadership.
Major General Bobby Ginn is a true American patriot.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BILL MASSEY ON HIS 40TH ANNIVERSARY AT THE PENINSULA AGENCY ON

AGING

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a

remarkable individual and a significant milestone.
Today, we celebrate

Bill Massey, the President & CEO of the Peninsula Agency on Aging, on

his 40th anniversary with the organization.
For 4 decades, Mr. Massey has shown his commitment and compassion for

older adults in Hampton Roads, and his work has empowered both older

adults and their caregivers.
Mr. Massey has been a cornerstone in the

Hampton Roads community, working tirelessly to ensure the Peninsula

Agency on Aging fulfills its mission to promote healthy aging by

offering a wide range of services to seniors tailored to their specific

needs.
The Peninsula Agency on Aging offers older generations the

opportunity to foster greater independence, security, and an improved

quality of life.
The organization specifically implements several vital

programs authorized under the Older Americans Act--the country's

preeminent law that supports our nation's seniors.
The Peninsula Agency

on Aging also provides seniors with information regarding Medicare and

Medicaid, as well as other supports for families and caregivers.
In

2022, under his leadership, the Peninsula Agency on Aging served over

10,200 clients and provided 183,000 home delivered meals to senior

citizens as well as transportation for non-emergency medical

appointments.
Simply put, Mr. Massey and his organization have helped

Virginians stay healthy and safe.
Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Bill Massey's 40 years of service with

the Peninsula Agency on Aging, I want to express my gratitude for all

of his hard work and dedication to supporting seniors, understanding

the obstacles they face.
His dedication has made a lasting impact.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HEAVEN ROSE ARCHULETA

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an inspiring

young girl from my hometown of Las Vegas, New Mexico--Heaven Rose

Archuleta.
Heaven Rose, a seventh grader at West Las Vegas Middle

School, has already proven herself to be a remarkable young leader.
At

only 13 years old, she delivered a powerful TED Talk about teachers'

salaries, earning her first place at the Educators Rising National

Competition in Washington, D.C.

Heaven Rose is not only a passionate advocate for strengthening our

education system, but also an active member of her school and

community.
She participates in cross country, track, and Mathematics,

Engineering, Science, Achievement (MESA) at West Las Vegas Middle

School and serves at her local church.
Her dedication, passion, and

commitment to her community and education have made her a true role

model for her peers.
Her achievements have been recognized across the state.
At the first

New Mexico Highlands University football game this season, she was

honored at halftime for her accomplishments.
Heaven Rose Archuleta continues to shine brightly, representing her

state, city, community, and school district with distinction.
She is a

source of pride for all of us, and I look forward to seeing the many

ways she will continue to lead and inspire others in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF COLONEL JACOB HELGESTAD

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Colonel

Jacob Helgestad, who recently passed away after a valiant battle with

cancer.
Col.
Helgestad was born and raised in Lonsdale, Minnesota.
He

attended New Prague High School where he played football, hockey, and

baseball.