Title: CELEBRATING CHAIR JHEANELLE WILKINS, THE PEOPLE'S POLICYMAKER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
142

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING CHAIR JHEANELLE WILKINS, THE PEOPLE'S POLICYMAKER

HON.
KWEISI MFUME

Mr. MFUME.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Maryland leader who

is a visionary when it comes to policymaking and the epitome of Black

excellence.
Delegate Jheanelle Wilkins is a commanding trailblazer in

our state who is currently serving as the Chair of the Legislative

Black Caucus of Maryland.
Delegate Wilkins was born in Kingston, Jamaica, and moved to the

United States at just five years old.
She was raised in neighboring

Delaware and attended the University of Delaware before concluding her

studies with a master's degree from American University.
Chair Wilkins has always been steadfast in her lifelong mission of

enacting policy change that makes a substantial difference in people's

lives.
Before she ever held public office, Wilkins began her

professional career as an intern at the Leadership Conference on Civil

and Human Rights.
She would impressively develop within the

organization from her position as an intern all the way to her current

full-time role as the Director of State and Local Government Affairs

working fiercely in the realms of immigration reform, education equity,

and civil rights legislation.
Wilkins' first steps into the political arena were through her

positions on the board of the Montgomery County Association of Black

Democrats and the Montgomery County Young Democrats.
In 2014, she was

elected to the Montgomery County Democratic Central Committee.
Then, in 2016, she was appointed to fill the vacant state delegate

seat in the Maryland House of Delegates 20th District--becoming the

first African American woman to assume this position.
From the moment

she took office, Delegate Wilkins has been a passionate and powerful

voice in the House of Delegates on behalf of all of her constituents in

Montgomery County, Maryland.
She is respected by so many of her peers

for being unapologetic in her fight for what is right.
Delegate Wilkins masterfully embraces the spirit of legislating and

swiftly transforms her legislative ideas into law.
As the Vice Chair of

the House Ways and Means Committee, she has used her standing within

the legislature boldly to lead the passage of election policy and

expanding voter access--including the passage of Maryland's permanent

mail-in ballot list, voting access for incarcerated individuals, and

expansion of early voting sites.
Her other legislative pursuits have encompassed other consequential

policy areas including the passage of legislation pertaining to racial

profiling and justice reform, maternal health, and increasing

educational outcomes for all students.
Wilkins' monumental record in

the House of Delegates resulted in her being elected Chair of the

Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland in 2022.
Without question, Chair Wilkins displays steadfast resoluteness with

the Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland as she paves the path forward

for Maryland's diverse communities at the helm of the nation's largest

state Black Caucus.
Her tenure as the Caucus Chair has been forward

thinking, dedicated, and triumphant fighting every day to improve the

quality of life for Marylanders everywhere.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pen these words to commend Chair

Jheanelle Wilkins for her pride, determination, and spirit.
I am eager

and enthusiastic for her future, and Maryland's future, with Chair

Wilkins at the forefront of our historic State House.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 80TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY OF BERMAN AND VIOLET LAYER

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate a husband and wife

from my Congressional district in Dayton, Ohio, who have reached a rare

milestone, celebrating their 80th wedding anniversary.
Berman Layer and his wife Violet Layer are both 101 years old.
They

were married on Berman's 21st birthday, on September 16, 1944.
At the

time, Berman served in Europe as an aerial photographer in the U.S.

Army Corps of Engineers.