Frank's deep-rooted

connection to KVOA is evident in his long tenure and his role in

helping the station evolve over decades.
Al Mazeika joined KVOA in 1975, initially as a part-time booth

announcer and eventually transitioning into roles such as audio

technician, technical director, and commercial producer.
With nearly 50

years at the station, Al's versatility and dedication have made him an

integral part of the KVOA family.
Known for his engaging voice and

behind-the-scenes work, Al has not only contributed to commercial

production but has also made occasional on-air appearances.
His

enduring commitment to KVOA and his personal connection to the station,

including meeting his wife Cathy through KVOA, highlight the deep ties

he has with the organization.
Together, Lupita Murillo, Frank Velasco, and Al Mazeika have

exemplified excellence in journalism and broadcasting.
Their careers

have enriched the Tucson community and the field of journalism through

their unwavering dedication, innovative contributions, and deep

connections to their work and audience.
We extend our heartfelt gratitude and best wishes to Lupita, Frank,

and Al in their retirement and life after journalism.
Their legacy of

service and excellence will continue to inspire and influence the next

generation of journalists and broadcasters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO KEVIN UHRICH

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Kevin Uhrich, the

long-time editor of the Pasadena Weekly from 1999 to 2020, who passed

away on August 23 , 2024.
I had the pleasure of knowing and working with Mr. Uhrich for many

years.
His unwavering dedication, passion for the issues, and intellect

were on full display for those of us who were lucky enough to work with

him and read his work.
He was truly a remarkable and inspiring

individual--a champion for social justice issues committed to covering

the vulnerable and disadvantaged of our community.
At all times, like any good journalist, Mr. Uhrich sought to uncover

the truth, and fight for what he felt was right and good in his

community--always standing up for those whose voices were marginalized

and who had few other advocates.
He could be tough on elected

officials--I can say that too from personal experience--but that was

part of his job, part of holding those in power accountable, and he was

always fair, professional and transparent in his analysis.
Mr. Uhrich was born on February 24, 1959, and raised in Lebanon,

Pennsylvania.
He moved to Southern California in 1979 to pursue a

career in journalism.
After stints at the LA Daily News and the

Pasadena Star-News, Uhrich landed at the Weekly, serving as its editor

for twenty-one years.
In his passing, Kevin leaves a legacy of service to his community.
Through his commitment to the public's right to information and truth,

he went above and beyond, not only addressing the critical local issues

that demanded attention but also shining a light on the often-

overlooked stories that mattered just as much.
Kevin truly cared about

the people he served and made every effort to truly understand the

people within his articles.
Mr. Uhrich's dedication was recognized through many prestigious

accolades throughout his journalism career, including the John Anson

Ford Award and awards from the Association of Alternative Newsmedia

(AAN), California News Publishers Association (CNPA) and the LA Press

Club.
My thoughts go out to Marina, Ted, and the rest of Mr. Uhrich's

family.
His legacy will resonate for years to come, and he will always

be remembered for his work and the bright essence of his spirit.