Berman Layer and his wife Violet Layer are both 101 years old.
They

were married on Berman's 21st birthday, on September 16, 1944.
At the

time, Berman served in Europe as an aerial photographer in the U.S.

Army Corps of Engineers.
After serving three years in both France and

Germany, Berman retired from the military and returned home to the

United States.
He used the GI Bill to attend Ohio State University, and

graduated in 1950.
During their eight decades of marriage, Berman and Violet have served

as business and civic leaders in their community.
They owned and

managed a small business called Layer Repair Solutions in Dayton.
Berman was elected to the Miami Township Board of Trustees in

Montgomery County and served from 1978 through 1997.
He helped

establish the Miami Township Park Board, was a member of the Ohio

Township Association, and served as an officer for that organization

for 15 years.
Berman and Violet have been faithful members of the Parkview

Methodist Church in Miamisburg for the past 70 years.
They served as

nature tour guide volunteers for school children at Cox Arboretum for

over 40 years.
They have visited all 50 states and toured 23 foreign

countries.
The couple have one son, two daughters, and eleven

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, Berman and Violet's love for each other has kept them

together for more years than many people live.
Together, they have

shared the joys and challenges of marriage, and set a fine example for

many young husbands and wives.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Berman and Violet

Layer as they each celebrate 101 years of a life well-lived, and 80

years of love and treasured memories.
I wish them more years of good

health and happiness together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MAJOR GENERAL BOBBY M. GINN, JR.
ON HIS NEW ROLE AS THE

ADJUTANT GENERAL OF THE MISSISSIPPI NATIONAL GUARD

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Major General

Bobby M. Ginn, Jr. on his new role as the Adjutant General of the

Mississippi National Guard.
Major General Bobby Ginn was appointed by Governor Tate Reeves on

August 1, 2024.
From Tylertown, Mississippi, Major General Bobby Ginn

has a long history of military tradition.
His grandfather served in

WWI, and his father served in WWII, both mobilizing through Camp

Shelby, Mississippi--the very same military post that Major General

Ginn commanded from July 2017 through November 2020.
Ginn has over 34 years of service in the Armed Forces.
He started his

career in 1990 as an enlisted soldier and was commissioned as a

Logistics Officer in 1993 through Officer Candidate School.
He became a

Supply Officer for Headquarters and Headquarters Co., 114th Area

Support Group, and then was assigned as a platoon leader in 1994 of the

367th Maintenance Company--a unit he later commanded.
Ginn has

completed many critical assignments, including playing a vital role in

the response effort after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
He answered the

call in 2007-2008 when he was deployed overseas during Operation Iraqi

Freedom.
In 2017, he was appointed commander at Camp Shelby and, most

recently, Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics.
Ginn earned a B.S. from

the University of Southern Mississippi and a Master of Strategic

Studies degree from the United States Army War College.
Major General Ginn is a decorated officer having earned the Bronze

Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Iraqi Campaign Medal, the

Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Humanitarian Service Medal,

a Meritorious Unit Commendation, and many other commendations.
I am proud of his appointment as the new Adjutant General of the

Mississippi National Guard.
His service both to our Nation and the

State of Mississippi are well recognized, and I am thankful for his

leadership.
Major General Bobby Ginn is a true American patriot.