Last year, the Church provided shelter for 210

people a day on average, providing a total of around 76,899 nights of

safe shelter.
Its work has not stopped there, however; last year, City

Union Mission provided around 137,834 meals, administered 4,733 medical

services, and taught 30,236 hours of job training and hands-on

experience for Kansas Citians.
In its full century of operation, City

Union Mission has developed an inspired, multifaceted approach that

successfully addresses the needs of Kansas City's most needy.
Our community's most vulnerable are also more at risk of substance

abuse issues and mental health concerns, a harsh reality that the folks

at City Union Mission were sure to recognize.
The Church initially

addressed this problem in 2018 by establishing the L. Minor Care

Center, a safe living facility for men with barriers to care and

special needs, including behavioral health challenges, mental illness,

and emotional struggles.
The L. Minor Care Center is a testament to

City Union Mission's ability and willingness to adapt to the times and

recognize that mental health is just as important as physical health

and is similarly imperiled for those who already face the challenges of

poverty and homelessness.
When I think about City Union Mission Church, I am reminded of

Matthew 22:39: ``Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself,'' as I

believe that City Union Mission embodies it so perfectly.
City Union

Mission has demonstrated unconditional love for its fellow Kansas

Citians and their humanity.
The organization has executed a such

flawless vision for a century now to demonstrate the extent of

Christian charity in its tireless endeavors to serve Kansas City's most

vulnerable.
On behalf of the United States Congress and Missouri's

Fifth District, I applaud City Union Mission Church on 100 years of

faithful service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED CAREERS OF THREE RECENTLY RETIRED KVOA

JOURNALISTS

HON.
RAUL M. GRIJALVA

Mr. GRIJALVA.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize

the remarkable careers of three distinguished journalists who have

recently retired from KVOA, one of Tucson's premier news organizations:

Lupita Murillo, Frank Velasco, and Al Mazeika.
Lupita Murillo joined the KVOA team in 1978 as a general assignment

reporter, specializing in crime reporting.
A pioneer in her field,

Lupita was the first Hispanic female in broadcasting in South Texas

before moving to Tucson.
Her career at KVOA spans an impressive 46

years, during which she has garnered numerous accolades, including

awards from the Arizona Press Club, United Press International, and the

Associated Press.
She has also been honored with several Edward R.

Murrow awards and has received national recognition from the American

Women in Radio and Television.
Lupita's commitment to community service

is exemplified by her involvement with organization such as the Boys &

Girls Clubs of Tucson and Santa Cruz County, the Southern Arizona AIDS

Foundation, and the University of Arizona's Mel and Enid Zuckerman

College of Public Health.
Her dedication extends beyond the newsroom,

making her a cherished member of the Tucson community.
Frank Velasco has been a steadfast presence at KVOA since 1965,

starting with janitorial work and rising to become the station's first

official news photographer in 1973.
Over his extensive career, Frank

has witnessed and adapted to significant technological changes in the

industry.
His passion for videography and production has left an

indelible mark on the station, and his creative contributions have

shaped many of the station's memorable broadcasts.
Frank's deep-rooted

connection to KVOA is evident in his long tenure and his role in

helping the station evolve over decades.
Al Mazeika joined KVOA in 1975, initially as a part-time booth

announcer and eventually transitioning into roles such as audio

technician, technical director, and commercial producer.
With nearly 50

years at the station, Al's versatility and dedication have made him an

integral part of the KVOA family.