JAMES MARTIN

HON.
VICTORIA SPARTZ

Mrs. SPARTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. James Martin, a

Hoosier hero of the Vietnam War who has dedicated so much to our

country and to Indiana.
Drafted into the U.S. Army on St. Patrick's Day

of 1965, Mr. Martin took on multiple roles in the Army, including

mailman, fireman, battery clerk, and supply clerk.
In Vietnam, he was a

critical element to the 2nd Howitzer Battalion, 17th Artillery, within

the notorious 1st Cavalry Division.
Mr. Martin's unit was vital to the war effort, often serving as a

lifeline to fellow soldiers and the South Vietnamese Army via cover and

support.
He and his fellow men were known as ``Shining Star'' by those

they saved in combat.
After returning home in 1967, Mr. Martin continued to serve in a

different way--working in finance with Northwestern National Bank,

which later became Wells Fargo, and eventually shifting to computer

work in the final 20 years of his career.
Since moving to Noblesville in 1998, Mr. Martin has been actively

involved in Memorial Day and Veterans Day services, contributing his

time and passion to honoring fellow veterans.
We are forever thankful to the service of Mr. Martin, and so many

others who answered the call and sacrifice so much for our Nation.
From

me and on behalf of the people of Indiana's 5th District, I thank Mr.

Martin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF KANSAS CITY'S UNION MISSION

CHURCH

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I jubilantly rise today in celebration of

the centennial anniversary of Kansas City's Union Mission Church.
For

the past century, City Union Mission has valiantly and faithfully

dedicated itself to its Godly mission of serving the Fifth

Congressional District's community.
As a public servant, I am eternally

grateful for its tireless work and endless sacrifice in service of our

community.
As a pastor, I am awestruck by the institution's relentless

devotion to God and unwavering faith in His mission.
Please join me as

we take a moment to recognize City Union Mission's one hundred years of

service to the Fifth congressional district and to the Lord.
In 1924, Rev. David Bulkley, an inspired minister and veteran U.S.

Army Chaplin created City Union Mission Church.
Rev. Bulkley served in

France during the First World War and was understandably shaken by the

carnage and human cruelty he witnessed there.
Upon his return, he and

his wife, Beulah, made it their mission to prevent the suffering at

home that David had seen abroad.
The Bulkley family set up shop in

Kansas City's West Bottoms neighborhood and immediately began serving

free meals to the area's poor and houseless.
From there, City Union

Mission only continued to grow, expanding to provide shelter, as well

as food, in the 1930s, and eventually evolving into the citywide

enterprise we know today.
City Union Mission's vision has stayed consistent with its original

purpose: to meet the spiritual, physical, and emotional needs of men,

women, and children who are underserved.
The problem the Bulkley family

observed in our society is still prevalent today; in 2024, around 1,798

Kansas Citians are without a place to sleep on any given night.
As

relentless and persistent as poverty and homelessness have been in

Kansas City, City Union Mission has been equally relentless in fighting

these dire issues.
Last year, the Church provided shelter for 210

people a day on average, providing a total of around 76,899 nights of

safe shelter.
Its work has not stopped there, however; last year, City

Union Mission provided around 137,834 meals, administered 4,733 medical

services, and taught 30,236 hours of job training and hands-on

experience for Kansas Citians.
In its full century of operation, City

Union Mission has developed an inspired, multifaceted approach that

successfully addresses the needs of Kansas City's most needy.