Upon commissioning, Colonel Nielsen moved to Augsburg, Germany, where

she served as a Platoon Leader, Company Executive Officer, and

Operations Officer for the 204th MI Battalion, 66th MI Brigade.
She

then went on to serve in many roles in the United States Military, both

at home and abroad, from 1995 to 2009, including serving in Korea and

Iraq.
Her career at West Point began in 1999 as an Instructor and

Assistant Professor with the Department of Social Sciences.
Colonel

Nielsen assumed the role of Professor and Deputy Head of the Department

of Social Sciences at West Point in 2013 and became the head of the

department in 2016, where she has served since.
Colonel Nielsen has written six books, including her most recent

American National Security, published by Johns Hopkins University Press

in 2018.
Over her distinguished 34-year career, Colonel Nielsen has

proven herself to be a superb Soldier, an inspirational leader, and an

outstanding educator.
As the Head of the Department of Social Sciences

for the past eight years, Colonel Nielsen's leadership has positioned

the department to provide a 21st-century outlook for cadets, faculty,

staff, and the Army.
Colonel Nielsen's unwavering dedication to duty and her lifelong

impact on the careers of faculty members and future Army officers have

contributed immeasurably to the Department of Social Sciences and the

United States Military Academy.
I commend Colonel Nielsen for her life-

long service and wish her all the best as she transitions to civilian

life and continues to serve in new ways.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEPUTY QUINTEN L. MIGHT

HON.
LARRY BUCSHON

Mr. BUCSHON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lifesaving

efforts of Deputy Quinten L. Might of the Gibson County Sheriff's

Office and thank him for his continuing service to his community and

state.
Deputy Might grew up in the community that he serves today, attending

and graduating from Wood Memorial High School in Gibson County.
After

graduation, he enlisted in the United States Army where he served as a

medic.
He continued his record of service when he joined the Gibson

County Sheriff's Office in 2019 as a correctional officer and was sworn

in as a deputy in 2021.
At only 25 years old, Quinten has proven that

he is willing and ready to protect and save the lives of those in his

community, including in four separate incidents since July of 2023.
One of these lifesaving occasions was on May 24, 2024, when Deputy

Might and another deputy responded to a personal injury accident

involving a two-vehicle collision.
Upon arrival, Deputy Might came to

the aid of an individual who was unconscious and not breathing.
Despite

multiple small explosions from the fire of the crash, the two deputies

moved the victim to safety, and hooked up an AED unit and began two-

person CPR until the individual thankfully regained consciousness,

ultimately surviving the incident.
More recently, on August 9, 2024, Deputy Might responded to a

residence call about a two-year old girl who fell into a swimming pool

and was unresponsive.
As soon as he arrived, Deputy Might called an

ambulance and quickly moved the child from the backyard to the front,

during which time he freed up her airway by striking her back, likely

saving her life.
I am grateful that we have law enforcement officers like Deputy

Quinten Might serving our communities today and thank him for his

service and dedication to Gibson County, and the State of Indiana.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
JAMES MARTIN

HON.
VICTORIA SPARTZ

Mrs. SPARTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. James Martin, a

Hoosier hero of the Vietnam War who has dedicated so much to our

country and to Indiana.