Dr. Ortega earned a Masters in Counseling Psychology from Ball State

University, an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from Morgan State University,

and a Ph.D. in Sociology from La Salle University.
Today, she spreads

her love for, and the importance of, education through her role as an

Adjunct Professor at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New

Jersey.
The scope of Dr. Ortega's work has touched so many lives, including

some in my home of Burlington County.
A resident of Marlton, she has

been elected three times as the Democratic Committeewoman representing

Evesham Township, New Jersey in the Burlington County Democratic

Committee.
Dr. Ortega not only excelled at serving her country and community,

but she is a loving wife, mother, and grandmother.
She was married to

her late husband, Julio Ortega, for over 60 years and has four

daughters and nine grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Dr. Sandra Ortega and her

positive impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor her tenure

as a public servant and veteran of the United States Air Force.
We are

lucky to have her inspiration in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MSU MEN'S BASKETBALL COACH TOM IZZO FOR HIS 700 WINS

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a legendary member

of the Michigan State University community: head coach of the men's

basketball team, Tom Izzo.
Now in his

29th year as head coach and his 41st overall year with the team, Coach

Izzo recently added another accomplishment to his already impressive

resume with his 700th career win, all of them with the Spartans.
It was

quite a present for Izzo to reach this milestone on his 69th birthday,

however his dedication to the Spartans, to the MSU community, and to

his home state of Michigan is the gift he continues to offer to us all.
Growing up in Iron Mountain in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, young Tom

Izzo dominated his high school football, track, and basketball teams.
He didn't know it at the time, but his decision to focus on basketball

at Northern Michigan University not only changed his life, but changed

the course of the history of the sport.
A tireless worker from the very

beginning, it's no surprise that Tom Izzo went on to be named an All-

American and established the Wildcat record for most minutes played in

a season.
Northern Michigan University is also where Izzo began his collegiate

coaching journey, serving as an assistant until a position opened up at

Michigan State University.
There, he worked under legendary coach Jud

Heathcoate until his retirement, and in 1994 was officially named head

coach of the Spartans.
His incredible statistics could fill volumes: Izzo led his team to

the 2000 NCAA National Championship, 10 regular-season Big Ten

Championships, six Big Ten Tournament titles, eight Final Four

appearances, eight National Coach of the Year awards and a Big Ten-

record 25 straight NCAA Tournament appearances.
When the Spartans were

selected for the 2023 NCAA Tournament, Izzo became the first men's

basketball head coach in history to lead his team to 25 consecutive

appearances.
He is MSU's all-time winningest coach, with his

accomplishments enshrined in both the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall

of Fame and the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.
And now, he joins an

elite group of fewer than 40 Division 1 coaches to achieve 700 career

wins.
So beloved by students is Tom Izzo that students must camp out to

join the highly coveted ``Izzone'' section of the Breslin Center,

resulting in a sea of green and white tents and a 24-hour revival-style

demonstration of support and love for the section's namesake.
And when

tragedy struck campus one year ago and a gunman claimed the lives of

three students and injured several others, it was Izzo's voice the

community turned to in the hours and days after the shooting.