Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate outgoing

Minnesota Soybean Growers Association (MSGA) President Bob Worth.
Bob has served more than two decades with the Minnesota Soybean

Growers Association in various roles: beginning as a volunteer,

treasurer, secretary and lastly as president.
MSGA is our nation's

longest-running state soybean association, and Bob is the only

Minnesota farmer to have served multiple, two-year terms as president.
Bob also has worked on his father's corn and soybean farm in southwest

Minnesota for more than 50 years with his wife Gail, their son Jon and

Jon's family.
I'm thankful for our strong working relationship during his time with

MSGA.
During his tenure, Bob has become a national spokesperson for

rural mental health awareness; in this role, he's bravely shared his

story and encouraged his fellow rural residents to rally around each

other.
Bob is also a strong advocate and leader in expanding and

protecting renewable biofuels.
Thanks to the hard work from leaders

like Bob, Minnesota became the first state to require biodiesel in our

diesel fuel blends when Bob first served as MSGA president.
In Congress, I am proud to be a co-chair of the bipartisan House

Biofuels Caucus and a strong advocate for renewable biofuels.
In

particular, I have urged the FDA to consider how biofuels can address

climate change and improve emissions factors.
Homegrown biofuels are

tools we have at our fingertips right now to help address climate

change, thanks to leaders like Bob.
I'm grateful for our partnership, and I wish Bob and his family the

best in his next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TIMOTHY ARNADE

HON.
RICK LARSEN

Mr. LARSEN of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, today I would like to

recognize Timothy Arnade for his distinguished career and significant

contributions and accomplishments at the Federal Highway Administration

(FHWA).
After 41 years of federal service, including 29 years with FHWA, Mr.

Arnade retired from FHWA on December 31, 2023.
A dedicated public

servant, Mr. Arnade began his career serving in the Peace Corps.
Throughout his time with FHWA, Mr. Arnade served with distinction and

operated at a consistently exceptional level.
From July 7, 2008,

through his retirement, Mr. Arnade served as Team Leader for

Congressional Affairs in FHWA's Office of Policy and Governmental

Affairs.
In this capacity, Mr. Arnade led a team that responded to all

Congressional requests that came to FHWA.
This included thousands of

requests for technical assistance on individual pieces of legislation,

spanning numerous committees and both authorization and appropriations

law.
Mr. Arnade also played a pivotal role in numerous Federal-aid

Highway Program reauthorizations, including the Moving Ahead for

Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-21); the Fixing America's Surface

Transportation Act (FAST Act); and most recently, the transformational

Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (known as the Bipartisan

Infrastructure Law).
Mr. Arnade is a national expert in the areas of transportation

safety, infrastructure, innovation, and accountability.
All those who

interacted with Mr. Arnade--Congressional and Committee staff, state

and local governmental officials, FHWA and U.S. Department of

Transportation leadership, and his peers in other modal

administrations--readily acknowledge his dedication to the safety and

improvement of our nation's infrastructure and the American people who

use it.
He brought a remarkable ability to communicate in a clear,

effective, and timely manner with Member offices and Congressional

Committees on complex transportation issues.
This ability served him

particularly well in times of infrastructure emergencies when

responsiveness and communication are most critical.
Providing quality customer service is an inherent part of the

responsibilities of any congressional and intergovernmental affairs

specialist.
Mr. Arnade's superior work ethic and professional drive to

deliver high-quality, on-time service to Congress and others was

exemplary among his peers.
Mr. Arnade is well known among his

colleagues for his availability, responsiveness and dedication,

routinely working beyond traditional work hours to respond to

Congressional inquiries.