Title: BOYLE COUNTY FOOTBALL--STATE CHAMPIONS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
29

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BOYLE COUNTY FOOTBALL--STATE CHAMPIONS

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure today to rise and

recognize the Boyle County Rebels, a football powerhouse, in the 1st

Congressional District of Kentucky upon their recent winning of the

state championship.
I am honored to recognize the Boyle County Rebels on their fourth

consecutive state championship.
The hours of hard work that this team

puts in both on and off the field does not go unnoticed as they ended

their undefeated season as champions.
I want to congratulate all the players, staff, faculty, and the

entire community of Boyle County on this great achievement.
This

football program has had historic success, and I have no doubt they

will continue their winning traditions in the future.
I join with the community of Boyle County in celebrating the Rebels

football team in their fourth consecutive 4A state championship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE SWEARING-IN OF JILL DUTTON

HON.
LANCE GOODEN

Mr. GOODEN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

swearing-in of Jill Dutton as State Representative for Texas' 2nd House

District.
Mrs. Dutton is a strong conservative, entrepreneur, and

devoted to the people of Van Zandt County.
I am confident she will be a

determined and effective representative for her constituents.
Mrs. Dutton embodies Texas' highest values.
She is a former school

board member with Van ISD where she fought for parents and students.
When a tornado struck her town, she worked to rebuild the schools and

develop a new Career & Technology Center that now prepares students for

careers after graduation.
She has dedicated herself to serving the

people of Van Zandt County and I look forward to what she will

accomplish for the people of Texas.
I am proud to represent Van Zandt County and am confident that she

will diligently serve them in the Texas Legislature.
I wish her and her

family the very best as she begins her term.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
SANDRA ORTEGA

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

selfless service and incredible accomplishments of Dr. Sandra Ortega, a

United States Air Force Veteran and retired Chief Master Sergeant.
She

was the first African-American woman to join the Air Force in 1958.
Under the direct commission of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, Dr.

Ortega dedicated her military career and life after serving to

improving the lives of countless military families and communities.
It

was in the Air Force where she challenged and broke down racial and

gender stereotypes and barriers.
During her service, Dr. Ortega worked

as the Chief of Social Actions where she implemented programs to help

servicemembers and their families remain as constructive members of

their military community and educate them on drug and alcohol addiction

prevention.
Her service has had ripple effects across New Jersey and

the Nation.
Not only did Dr. Ortega dedicate her life to serving our country, she

has worked to improve the lives of communities around the world.
She

worked to improve education and health infrastructures across Africa,

rebuild and stabilize communities in the former Soviet Union after its

dissolution, and other emergency management and relief efforts in

disaster-stricken communities.
Dr. Ortega earned a Masters in Counseling Psychology from Ball State

University, an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from Morgan State University,

and a Ph.D. in Sociology from La Salle University.
Today, she spreads

her love for, and the importance of, education through her role as an

Adjunct Professor at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New

Jersey.
The scope of Dr. Ortega's work has touched so many lives, including

some in my home of Burlington County.