And now, he joins an

elite group of fewer than 40 Division 1 coaches to achieve 700 career

wins.
So beloved by students is Tom Izzo that students must camp out to

join the highly coveted ``Izzone'' section of the Breslin Center,

resulting in a sea of green and white tents and a 24-hour revival-style

demonstration of support and love for the section's namesake.
And when

tragedy struck campus one year ago and a gunman claimed the lives of

three students and injured several others, it was Izzo's voice the

community turned to in the hours and days after the shooting.
At a

campus-wide vigil, he encouraged each and every Spartan to confront

fear and to stand together.
``We need each other,'' he told us.
``For

40 years I've always believed that at Michigan State, we are at our own

strongest when we are together.''
That night, Tom Izzo described himself as ``just a basketball

coach.''
But he is so much more.
A true leader and teacher, Coach Tom

Izzo has brought so much more than hundreds of basketball wins to

Michigan State University; he has brought stability, unity, and

healing.
Tom Izzo personifies the characteristics of the ancient

Spartans, who were known for being prepared, methodical, jovial, loyal,

and courageous.
His heart beats to the tune of ``Victory for MSU'' and

his blood runs pure Green and White.
With abiding gratitude, it is my

honor to recognize his service here, in the United States House of

Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATHANIEL PALAIA

HON.
MIKE CAREY

Mr. CAREY.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor a bright young man from

Ohio's 15th Congressional District.
Nathaniel Palaia, who attends South-Western Career Academy, was

recently named a 2024 nominee for the U.S. Department of Education

Presidential Scholars Program.
This is one of the highest honors in the nation for a high school

student.
Nathaniel is a dedicated student in the Career Technical

Education field and serves as a member of Ohio State University's Eco-

Car Electric Vehicle Challenge Team.
He also serves as student council president, president of the

Engineering and Robotics Program, team captain of the Autonomous

Vehicle Challenge, and has founded a peer mentoring program.
Nathaniel is also a member of the National Technical Honor Society

and has played varsity football for Grove City High School.
He spends

his summers volunteering with children with special needs.
He manages to excel at all of these things while earning above a 4.0

GPA and challenging himself in new ways academically.
Nathaniel represents the true Buckeye spirit of Ohio.
Among his many

accomplishments, it has been made clear that he is also a caring,

compassionate, and intelligent individual.
He works hard for what he wants, and I have no doubt this will carry

him far in his future career and in life.
I am proud to represent a congressional district where students like

Nathaniel give their time and abilities to make it a better place for

everyone.
It is with great pride that I honor Nathaniel in this great

recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE INCREDIBLE SERVICE OF RAYMOND TREMBLAY

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an incredible

milestone reached by Raymond Tremblay of Vernon, Connecticut, who turns

100 years old on February 14, 2024.
Raymond is the epitome of a

patriotic, service-oriented American and continues to live a full life.
Born on February 14, 1924, to Yvonne and Emile Tremblay in Berlin,

New Hampshire, Raymond has been a devoted American, dedicating his life

and work to bettering our country.
Raymond's life trajectory changed with our Nation's entry into the

Second World War following the attack on Pearl Harbor.
In 1943, he

heeded the call of his Nation to serve the United States in World War

II.