John Derby first came to the Central Valley in the 1950s, studying at

Fresno State and serving in the military toward the end of the Korean

conflict.
In Korea, he picked up the journalism bug when he pursued an

assignment to write about the operations of nine battalions from Seoul

to Panmunjom where the peace talks were held.
Mr. Derby would eventually end up in Merced in 1961 after landing a

reporting job at the Sun-Star.
Over the course of six decades, he

started multiple newspapers across the Central Valley.
Mr. Derby once

wrote, ``Life without being a newspaper man is about the most boring

thing in the world.
The ink really is in my blood . . .
I am here to

stay and do what I have loved to do all my life--and that is to cover

the lives of people in our community in a positive way.''
Last Christmas, he wrote a deeply personal message to some of his top

staffers: ``You are full grown, and capable newspaper people.
You have

learned all the lessons it took me 60 years to learn and more.
Now it

is your duty to teach others the art of good honest journalism . . .
May your ship of life sail true.
May the ocean be wide and the currents

be strong.
May the winds blow hard.
May you sail on, through the fury

of those winds, and come out whole.''
Throughout his six-decade career in journalism, John Morrow Derby

exemplified ``The Power of Positive Press'' with his devotion to his

community and his steadfast dedication to fairness, decency, and truth.
It was an honor to have known him, and upon his passing, I would like

to extend my sincere condolences to his family and express my deepest

sympathies to his beloved Mid-Valley Publications team.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSITION TO H.R. 3202, THE ASSAD REGIME ANTI-NORMALIZATION ACT OF

2023

HON.
AL GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make clear why I

voted in opposition to H.R. 3202--The Assad Regime Anti-Normalization

Act of 2023.
By way of background, I have in my district the family of

journalist Austin Tice, a former Marine Corps Captain who was captured

in Syria in 2012.
Since that time this family has been working with me,

other members of Congress, multiple presidential administrations, and

the Assad regime to secure the release of their son from captivity.
Mr.

Tice was abducted in Syria by an unknown group while reporting on the

conflict as a freelance journalist.
While the Assad regime has not

claimed responsibility, the State Department has indicated that they

believe Tice is being held by the regime or its allies.
My opposition to this legislation stems from the appeal of Austin's

family.
It is their understanding that saving the life of their son

requires engagement with the Assad regime, exactly the kind of

engagement that this legislation would prohibit.
Let me be absolutely

clear, Bashar al-Assad is an illegitimate war criminal who has

brutalized the citizens of Syria and caused immeasurable harm.
I

believe our Nation should take all reasonable steps to stymie the goals

of this regime, saving steps that will harm captives like Marine Corps

Captain Austin Tice and other U.S. nationals held in Syria.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MINNESOTA SOYBEAN GROWERS ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT BOB WORTH

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate outgoing

Minnesota Soybean Growers Association (MSGA) President Bob Worth.
Bob has served more than two decades with the Minnesota Soybean

Growers Association in various roles: beginning as a volunteer,

treasurer, secretary and lastly as president.
MSGA is our nation's

longest-running state soybean association, and Bob is the only

Minnesota farmer to have served multiple, two-year terms as president.