We have heard today about the 1970s.
It is not so long ago that a Conservative Secretary of State stood at the Dispatch Box and said that he was delighted to announce 12% cuts to Birmingham’s budget—the sharpest of any unitary authority.
Does the Minister agree that the one word missing from the shadow Secretary of State’s question was “sorry”?
We have been here repeatedly for questions, statements and even urgent questions in the House, and on not a single occasion has the shadow Secretary of State or shadow Ministers accepted their role, after 14 years of government, in driving councils of all colours to the wall.
We need to bear in mind that commissioners were brought in under the previous Government, and Birmingham had to declare bankruptcy under the previous Government.
The only difference now is that it has a Government on side willing to meet it financially—that is why the recovery grant was so important—but also in spirit and through our actions, which is why we are working in partnership to clean up the streets and get Birmingham clean.
Which legacy is the Minister most proud of: rubbish and rats in Birmingham, or Labour’s breach of its promise to the electorate to freeze council tax?
I am sure that sounded a better question when it was being drafted this morning.
I do not think anyone takes pride in the strike action and the waste that accumulated on the streets.
This is a very serious issue.
It is unacceptable that a major incident had to be declared and that public health concerns were so prevalent.
That is why we took quick action.
It is why the streets have been cleaned to the tune of 26,000 tonnes, and it is why there are more daily collections taking place now in terms of tonnage than there were in routine times—to make sure they catch up and do not slip back—but we recognise that, in the end, the only solution is to deal with the underlying strike action that is causing the disruption.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am a member of Unite, and I am very proud of that; I think four generations of my family have been members.
Not to rise to the provocations of Conservative Members, but there is a difference between having three military advisers and having troops on the streets.
The latter would be seen as an act of provocation and a worsening of the situation.
May I suggest that the Minister or the Secretary of State convenes the meetings between the council and the union to secure progress in the negotiations?
There has been almost daily communication with the council, and the trade unions have made representations, too, but we need to be clear about appropriate roles and responsibilities, and about the lines of accountability.
The council, not the Government, is the employer of the workforce in Birmingham, and it is for the employer and the employees to reach an agreement that both can accept.
We urge both parties to negotiate in good faith.
We believe that the deal on the table is a good deal.
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct to say that workers have the right to make their representations, but the council has to take into account all its workforce, including over 7,000 women, who historically were paid far less than their male counterparts for equivalent roles.
That is the foundational issue at the heart of the dispute.
Despite assurances from the Dispatch Box before the Easter recess, we continue to see piles of rubbish on the streets in Birmingham.
The costs are mounting, and the rats—the squeaky blinders—continue to roam the streets of Britain’s second city freely, so I ask the Minister again: what are his Government and Labour-run Birmingham city council doing to bring an end to the strike?
Enough is enough—residents want an end to the situation.
Work is still taking place.
I should address the question about rodents, because that is a serious issue.
Nobody wants to see rats in the streets, particularly around the accumulated waste.
We welcome the council’s decision to suspend the charge for calling out pest control, so that households that report rodents are not financially disadvantaged.
On the Government’s response to the situation, from day one we said that the accumulated waste was unacceptable and a public health hazard.
The Government stepped in to support the council, to ensure that we could get more trucks out of the depot, increase the amount of waste collected and regularise the number of routine collections.
I am pleased that progress has been made, but what will ultimately resolve the dispute is the trade unions and the council reaching an agreement that brings the strike action to an end.
On the promotion of Leeds United, I call Richard Burgon.
I take that as congratulations from the Speaker of the House of Commons on the promotion of Leeds United, so thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] That seems to be the most popular thing I have said in the House for some time.
I am proud to be a Unite member and a trade union member.
I remember the 2009 Leeds bin strike, when the Conservative and Lib Dem-run council tried to cut the bin workers’ pay by up to £6,000.
A three-month strike followed that was ultimately successful.
Having listened to the points made by Members from across the Chamber, I would say that it is always wrong to castigate trade unions as being the enemy within.
They are an important part of our civil democracy.
It is not union officials who called this strike—or any strike—but trade union members, so here Unite the Union means the bin workers.
It is really important that we do not allow trade unions and trade unionism to be demonised in this dispute, or any other.
We can certainly agree that people have the right to strike, but people also have the right to go to work.
We saw a restriction of the number of bin trucks that could leave the depot, which had a significant impact on the amount of waste that could be collected.
The direct result was the accumulation of tens of thousands of tonnes of waste on the streets.
In the end, we really want Unite, as the negotiating body for the workforce it represents, and Birmingham city council, as the employer, to get around the table on the deal that has been tabled, to iron out the differences, if there are any, and to reach an agreement.
If that will take longer, we strongly encourage Unite to suspend strike action during the negotiations.
Birmingham city council is the largest local authority in the UK by population.
Sadly, for many years it has struggled with severe problems that impact its residents.
The Government have engaged in local government reorganisation across much of the country.
Large parts of the area covered by Birmingham city council may be better administered by bodies elsewhere, outside the boundaries of the city.
Will the Minister look at whether it is time to review the boundaries of Birmingham city council?
The council is so large that it cannot function properly for its residents.