Today, the Justice Secretary is belatedly introducing a Bill to restore fairness in who receives a pre-sentence report, but it will not correct what the pre-sentence report says.
Under brand-new guidance that the Justice Secretary’s Department issued in January, pre-sentence reports must consider the “culture” of an offender and take into account whether they have suffered “intergenerational trauma” from “important  historical events”.
Evidently, the Labour party does not believe in individual responsibility and agency.
Instead of treating people equally, it believes in cultural relativism.
This time the Justice Secretary has nobody else to blame but herself.
Will she change that or is there two-tier justice?
Is that the Labour party’s policy now?
What a load of nonsense.
I am the Lord Chancellor who is rectifying the situation with the proper distinction between matters of policy and matters of independent judicial decision through the Bill that we will debate on Second Reading later today.
I have already dealt with the issues in relation to the immigration guidelines.
The right hon.
Gentleman has made some comments about that which do not bear resemblance to fact, so perhaps he would like to correct the record.
On the bail guidance and on all other guidance that relates to equality before the law, I have said that we are reviewing absolutely everything.
I will ensure that under this Government equality before the law is never a principle that is compromised, although it was compromised under the Conservative Government.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle hyper-prolific offending.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle hyper-prolific offending.
This Government inherited a situation where around 10% of offenders account for over half of all convictions.
We also inherited rising levels of theft and shoplifting.
In February, I announced reforms to the probation service that will focus more of its time on offenders who pose a higher risk of reoffending, and I have asked David Gauke to review how sentences could be reformed to address prolific offending, cut the cycle of reoffending and ultimately make our streets safer.
In my constituency there is a particular problem of hyper-prolific shoplifting.
There are no credible deterrents and it is a scourge on our local communities and shop owners.
Can the Justice Secretary rule out any possibility of allowing career criminals to avoid prison, even for short sentences?
First, in the Crime and Policing Bill this Government have removed the effective immunity from prosecution for thefts relating to values under £200, so we are already taking clear, definitive action to deal with the problems that the hon.
Gentleman sees in his constituency.
I will not pre-empt the findings of the sentencing review.
I am interested in how we ensure that those who he correctly described as career criminals turn their back on a life of crime, because in the end that is the best strategy for cutting crime and making our streets safer.
Tool theft has a devastating impact on tradespeople and their families across the country.
That is why I am pleased to support the shadow Justice  Secretary, Sidcup police, On The Tools, Checkatrade and others in tool-marking initiatives and raids at boot sales where stolen goods are normally sold, but there is more to do across the criminal justice system to tackle this issue.
Will the Government support Conservative amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill and ensure that these prolific offenders face tougher sentences and tradespeople get the justice they finally deserve?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman will welcome efforts on the Labour Back Benches relating to tool trade; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  has introduced a private Member’s Bill.
As I say, I will not pre-empt the findings of the sentencing review, but it is precisely because we take such offending very seriously that I asked the review to consider carefully interventions that will work in ensuring that offenders turn their backs on a life of crime, ultimately helping us to cut the crime that they cause, which creates victims in the process.
I know we all want to ensure that that is the case.
As far as specific amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill are concerned, I am sure that the Ministers responsible will respond in due course.
rose— Following his engagement, I call Alistair Strathern.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—that is very kind.
In less encouraging news, far too many retailers across my towns and villages, including my local Morrisons, are being hit by repeated shoplifting, which is all too often driven by prolific offenders and criminal gangs.
How is the Secretary of State working with the Home Office to ensure that we are finally taking the scourge of shoplifting as seriously as we should?
As I said, we have already removed the effective immunity from prosecution for thefts relating to values under £200, reversing the previous Conservative Government’s policy in this area.
We will legislate to ensure that assault on a retail worker is a new offence in the Crime and Policing Bill, so we are already taking measures to help my hon.
Friend and his constituents with the issues they face.
As I say, it is because we take this type of offending particularly seriously that I asked the sentencing review to consider the specifics of prolific offenders.
Earlier this month, Bovis House in Hartlepool, which hosts a number of businesses, was robbed.
The people who did that were so well known that within minutes of the CCTV footage being put on social media, people were messaging me their names.
These are hyper-prolific offenders; tiny numbers of people are responsible for huge amounts of crime.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that the only solution is to lock them up for longer?
The solutions we pursue have to be shown to work.
In the end, we need solutions that will work, because these people are often locked up for considerable periods of time, and when they come back out they still offend again.
For some of those individuals, the problems will relate partly to addiction issues.
It is  important that we trial and use methods that help people to cut their addiction and usage in order to stop them committing crimes fuelled by that addiction.
As I say, that will need a multi-layered response.
I am determined that we will crack down on the scourge of prolific offenders; that is the only strategy for cutting crime, and we are determined to pursue it.
We want to have measures that work, which is why I asked the sentencing review to consider them specifically.
What steps her Department is taking to support young offenders in Staffordshire.
This year, the Department will provide more than £1 million in funding to the Staffordshire youth offending team to supervise children and support them in turning their back on a life of crime.
At the election, we promised to take action to reduce youth offending, with a network of Young Futures hubs and a crackdown on antisocial behaviour which causes so much pain to my constituents and to people up and down our country.
Criminals must face the full force of the law, and young offenders cannot be a lost cause.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government will do whatever we can to divert young people away from a lifetime of crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
We must do whatever we can to move people away from a life of crime and keep the public safe.
This year, despite the fiscal challenges we inherited, we are investing more than £100 million in youth offending teams across the country to identify children and divert them away from crime.
With turnaround funding, Staffordshire youth offending team delivered skill-building activities for children in antisocial behaviour hotspots during a successful six-week summer programme.
rose— Are we really sure that this question is linked to young people in Staffordshire committing crime?
It might not be about Staffordshire, but we also have young people in Devon.
We have a case in my constituency of a young offender who has been arrested multiple times and put under a court order, but the presumption is against incarceration because of his age.
Local residents tell me that there is a disaster waiting to happen— Order.
The hon.
Member is not linking her question to the original, so we are going to move on.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending among young people.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending among young people.
The Government are determined to reduce youth reoffending as part of our safer streets mission.
Despite the huge fiscal challenges we inherited, we have been able to increase our core funding to youth offending teams across the country, allowing them to support children away from crime.
Constituents across my community of Loughborough, Shepshed and the villages have been facing the scourge of offroad bikes, often ridden by young reoffenders.
That causes havoc for residents, it is dangerous for pedestrians, and can be fatal for those who are on those bikes.
Those young reoffenders often have little else to do, as there are few education, training or employment opportunities, so can the Minister please set out how this Government will end the scourge of offroad bikes and reoffending, and how they will once again be tough on crime and tough on the causes of crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
In the past, antisocial behaviour has been too easily dismissed as low-level, but as he rightly describes, it can cause real distress and misery to our communities.
I am pleased that the new Crime and Policing Bill includes measures to enhance police powers to seize nuisance offroad bikes and other vehicles used in an antisocial manner.
Engineered Learning in Derby teaches welding skills to young people at risk of offending and reoffending.
A qualified, experienced welder can earn more than £50,000, yet we have a national shortage of welders.
Does the Minister agree that preventing reoffending and securing the skills our country needs is a win-win, and will he look at how we can get more young lives back on track, learning trades such as welding?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
What Engineered Learning is doing is a clear win-win, teaching welding skills and moving people away from crime.
The Department will continue funding youth offending teams to work with local education and employment providers to help young people get the skills they need to have productive careers and positive lives.
Aspiration and ambition are drivers of social mobility and help to reduce deprivation and crime.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Education to increase apprenticeships and training, so that these opportunities can be extended to all and we can reduce young offending throughout the UK?
We have regular discussions with the Department for Education on these matters.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the more young people we get into training, education and work, the less crime we should have on our streets.