What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending by people on probation.
I take this opportunity to recognise the excellent work that our probation staff do day in, day out.
Probation is an indispensable part of the criminal justice system, but the service currently faces significant pressures.
That is why we will recruit a further 1,300 probation officers by March 2026, invest £8 million in new technology to reduce administrative tasks for officers and focus efforts on reducing reoffending.
May I take this opportunity to wish you a belated Pask lowen, Mr Speaker?
Reoffenders are among the most socially excluded in society and often experience complex mental health and social issues, including drug and alcohol addiction.
We know that perpetually locking them up does not work and costs a fortune.
Can the Minister reassure me that he is working with both the Home Office and the Department of Health and Social Care to ensure that wraparound detox and rehabilitation support is available, such as that offered by Bosence Farm in Cornwall?
Yes, I can reassure my hon.
Friend.
We work with the Department of Health and Social Care and the Home Office to get offenders into treatment at the earliest opportunity, and have increased the use of drug rehabilitation requirements as well as improved links to ensure that prison leavers stay in treatment on release.
In 2025-26, the DHSC is providing £310 million in additional targeted grants to enable local authorities, including Cornwall, to improve services.
Because our prisons are running at about 98% capacity, not only are existing prisoners more likely to reoffend but, sadly, as we allow more prisoners to be released early, more people on probation will do so.
Apart from the terrible effect on victims, the Ministry itself estimates that this costs a staggering £18 billion a year in England and Wales.
What is the Minister’s policy to help reduce reoffending?
We have only just taken over a system that was struggling under the weight of 14 years of mismanagement, and we are doing our very best to get on top of it.
We have set in train an independent sentencing review, and are committed to appointing 1,300 new probation officers by this time next year.
What recent discussions she has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on trends in levels of prison capacity.
Ministry of Justice officials regularly meet representatives of the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland, as part of the “Five Nations Forum”, to discuss prison capacity.
This allows best practice to be shared and emerging issues to be discussed.
The  Prisons Minister in the other place knows the Northern Ireland prisons system well, and will be going there later this year to compare notes.