That is precisely the issue with the WRCO—waste recycling and collection officer—role that started the strike action to begin with.
An enhanced payment was made for that role that did not stand, when it went through job evaluation, compared with women who were doing similar roles elsewhere in the council.
That cannot stand.
There must be a red line whereby no agreement can be reached if it compromises the council position on equal pay and builds up liability for the future.
I absolutely pay tribute to the community groups and frontline workers who have made sure that the response to the clean-up has been one of co-operation.
Will the Minister make a point of thanking the well-run and cost-effective Conservative councils that have either helped or offered to help clear up this terrible mess?
Will he bear in mind that it is not just the bin strike that my poor, long-suffering constituents in the royal town of Sutton Coldfield have had to endure, but the pending closure of our libraries and the massive hike in council tax?
Does he understand why so many of us want to see a proper judge-led inquiry into how bankrupt Birmingham city council has got Britain’s second city into this mess?
Will he also bear in mind that this is a dispute between two wings of the Labour party?
Whatever I may think of the council that he leads, it is quite wrong that my constituent, the leader of the council, should have had a photograph of his house put on social media by Unite.
Will the Minister condemn that action by Unite?
Let me be clear: over the past few weeks, photographs have been taken of the houses of union officials, and the same trade union has used photographs of the homes of the council leader and cabinet members.
Neither of those things is okay.
This is already a fraught dispute.
It requires the good faith of all parties, and negotiation through being in the same room and talking through the issues in the interests of the workers and the people of the city of Birmingham.
Our hope, and our expectation, is that, although what has happened has happened, a line is drawn and we can move forward in good faith.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The crisis over bin collections in Birmingham has dragged on for far too long, and my constituents have suffered significantly as a result.
While I understand the financial pressures on the council, clearly it is unreasonable to expect any worker to accept a pay cut.
Will the Minister commit to taking all steps possible to encourage good faith negotiations between both parties, so that a fair deal can be reached and this vital service can be restored without any further disruption?
I do not think there is a single example—although I am prepared to be corrected—where equal pay has not had winners and losers on the edges.
That is an element of equal pay that we have to accept.
The envelope is not limited, so the books have to balance.
On the issue of how the WRCO role is being changed and whether workers need to lose pay, the council is offering a sideways move in the street scene division on the same grade 3, which will mean no loss of income.
It is offering workers a move to an equivalent grade 3 role even if training is required, and it will provide that training.
It is also offering LGV driver training, so that loaders can upgrade to being a driver, which carries a higher payment than their current role.
I recall asking the Minister on a previous occasion about getting support from military personnel, and he said that I had gone “from zero to 100” very quickly.
The difficulty with this Government is that they have been very slow to react.
I was out last Thursday picking up bin bags with youth workers from a local organisation who had worked 12-hour shifts and were then spending their evenings cleaning up the streets.
The Minister has failed to raise the fact that thousands of tonnes of recyclable waste have not been collected, encouraging further fly-tipping.
When will this Government intervene and resolve the issue?
Bin workers work hard.
Up to 200 of them will lose up to £8,000, and that needs to be resolved.
I share the hon.
Member’s appreciation of community volunteers who are cleaning up the streets, just as I welcome the hard work of hundreds of frontline council workers who have stepped in.
Their efforts have meant that 26,000 tonnes of accumulated waste has now been cleared.
We can agree on that, at least.
On the question of when it is appropriate for the Government to offer support, it is when a major incident is declared.
As the hon.
Member will know, I have been in Birmingham every week since then.
There have  been daily update calls with the council, and we have been providing essential support to the council to clear up the city.