I support the Lord Chancellor’s decision to commission a full statutory inquiry into the terrible attack in Nottingham.
I know it will be welcomed by the families and everyone in the city and across my home county of Nottinghamshire.
I fully support her welcome decision.
Greg Ó Ceallaigh is a serving immigration judge who decides asylum and deportation appeals.
It took nothing more than a basic Google search to uncover his past comments that the Conservative party should be treated the same way as Nazis and cancer.
As a sitting judge, he has publicly supported Labour’s plans to scrap the Rwanda scheme and for illegal entry into the United Kingdom to be decriminalised.
Does the Lord Chancellor believe this is compatible with judicial impartiality?
If not, what does she intend to do about it?
First, I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his remarks on the new Nottingham inquiry—I am very grateful for his support.
I am sure the whole House will want to see the inquiry come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that when people have a complaint to make about judges, they can do so via the well-placed mechanism of the judicial complaints office.
If he wishes to make a complaint, he can do so, but what I will not do is indulge in, effectively, the doxing of judges, especially not when they are simply doing their job of applying the law in the cases that appear before them.
If there are complaints to be made about judicial conduct, I am sure the shadow Lord Chancellor knows how to go about it.
Order.
Can I just say that we must be careful about what we do here?
We are not meant to criticise judges, and I know that this House would not do so.
I am sure that we will now change the topic.
Mr Speaker, it is important that judges and the manner in which they are appointed are properly scrutinised in this House, and I will not shy away from doing so.
Helen Pitcher was forced to resign in disgrace as the chair of the Criminal Cases Review Commission after a formal panel found that she had failed in her duties during one of the worst miscarriages of justice in recent memory.
But she is still in charge of judicial appointments, despite judges appearing in the media every week for their activism.
Her commission has failed to conduct the most basic checks on potential judges, either out of sheer incompetence, or out of sympathy with their hard-left views on open borders.
The commission is broken and is bringing the independence of the judiciary into disrepute.
How much longer will it take for the Justice Secretary to act and remove the chair of this commission from her position and defend the independence and reputation of the judiciary?
I am afraid that the shadow Chancellor cannot elide the process for the appointment of judges with a wider attack on the independence of the judiciary.
I hope that he will take the admonishment from you, Mr Speaker, and the clear disapprobation of this House to reflect on the way that he is approaching his role.
If there are complaints to be made about judicial conduct, there is already a robust process in place for doing so.
If the shadow Lord Chancellor wishes to avail himself of that, I am sure that, given how active he is, he will be happy to do so.
What is completely improper is to take his position in this House to indulge in a wider attack of the judiciary at a time when we know that judicial security has been compromised— Order.
This is the time for topical questions, and we have other Members to get in.
Tensions are running high, so let us calm everyone down with a question from Warinder Juss.
On a recent visit to Featherstone Prison near Wolverhampton, I came across a number of recalled prisoners who were there for minor technical breaches of their probation—sometimes for up to a year.
Can the Secretary of State please outline what data is collected on the reasons for prison recalls and how that data then informs policy decisions aimed at reducing unnecessary returns to custody?
I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend on the detail of the data collection and remind him that we have a sentencing review in process that will be looking at all of those things.
In a single week in Bradford, we have seen council leaders once again reject my calls for a full rape gangs inquiry.
An ex-police officer has been threatened with arrest for investigating these horrific crimes, and now a judge is blocking the release of official transcripts from a major rape gang trial in Bradford.
Can the Lord Chancellor explain why our justice system is being used to block the truth about these trials?
It is not appropriate in these difficult cases to misrepresent what the correct position is.
The Home Secretary has already set out our position in this House and answered questions on our approach to the grooming gangs issue and the local inquiries.
On court transcripts, we are piloting artificial intelligence technology for accuracy so that hopefully in the future we can produce transcripts.
At the moment, the costs are prohibitive and the accuracy of the technology that is available is just not there.
Restricted patients are mentally disordered offenders who are detained in hospital for treatment and are subject to special controls by the Justice Secretary.
What additional support is my right hon.
Friend’s Department providing to help mental health trusts to treat and rehabilitate these patients, so that they can be released from this secure environment in a timely manner?
My hon.
Friend asks a serious and difficult question.
The Mental Health Bill, introduced to Parliament last November, aims to stop restricted patients from languishing in hospital unnecessarily, while prioritising public protection and managing any risks.
The Department also works closely with clinicians and care teams to make decisions on restricted patients as quickly as possible, in line with the published guidelines.
Release on temporary licence is denied when people say nasty stuff on Twitter but granted for much more serious crimes.
Can the Secretary of State tell me when I can expect a satisfactory reply to an urgent ROTL case that I have already raised with the Prisons Minister and senior civil servants and that affects a grieving family in my constituency?
I will chase that up this afternoon and ensure that the hon.
Member gets a response as quickly as possible.
She will know that release on temporary licence is a mechanism that has governor supervision.
If people follow the rules in prison, they become eligible for release on temporary licence.
If they do not follow the rules, they are not eligible.
Can the Minister give an assessment of the potential merits of restricting triable either-way offences to summary trial, except for sentencing?
At a time when victims are waiting far too long for their day in court, it is right that we look at all options.
We have asked Sir Brian Leveson to consider all options in his review, including the reclassification of some offences to summary only.
We should all be really concerned that the Government have quietly abandoned their pledge to hold five local inquiries into grooming gangs.
The victims still need justice, the public still need answers, and we still need a full inquiry.
In the meantime, can the Minister tell us what specific actions—not just references to AI—her Department is taking to ensure full transparency and public confidence in the cases that do come to court?
Sentencing remarks are already available for some of those cases.
We have a robust judicial system that can handle difficult cases.
I have already dealt with concerns about transcripts.
The cost of full court transcripts is very prohibitive, which is why we are looking at technological solutions—AI in particular.
We have a number of pilots running.
The key thing is that we make sure that the transcripts are accurate so that the information put into the public domain reflects what was said and done in the courtroom.
Although the extra sitting days to reduce court delays announced by the Secretary of State are welcome, does the Minister agree that the state of the court estate needs some attention, as some courts are out of action due to disrepair issues?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The other day I visited the Telford justice centre, where one of the courtrooms was out of use because of mould and a leaky roof.
The Government are making an additional capital investment of £20 million this year to maintain and restore our buildings so that they can be full and active for use.
We are also investing in new court buildings; from Blackpool to the City of London there will be new courts, and they will serve the public well.
The passing of Pope Francis was a profound loss.
Throughout his life, he was a passionate advocate for a justice system that put reconciliation at its heart.
With the publication of the independent sentencing review expected imminently, will the Government take this opportunity to move our justice system towards one that contains, in the words of Pope Francis, a “horizon of hope” and reintegration, and will they commit to restorative justice being placed at the heart of our justice system?
Restorative justice clearly has a role to play, but the principles of our sentencing review, with which I hope Members across the House can agree, are clear: there must always be a prison place available for people who are dangerous and need to be locked up, and we have to do more to help people to turn their back on a life of crime.
Compared with the same period in 2023, 21% more foreign national offenders have been removed since July 2024 when this Government came into office.
May   I congratulate the Lord Chancellor on this achievement and ask what the new funding announced to speed the process up will do to increase the numbers being removed?
We have already got off to a good start in the deportation of foreign national offenders from our prisons.
The new funding will enable more caseworkers to speed up the removal of even more FNOs.
I am very pleased that we have seen a higher number deported this year compared to the previous year, when the Conservatives were in office.
A British mother in my constituency, having fled domestic abuse, faces forced return to Poland to stay with her young children under the Hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction.
With no knowledge of the local language and no source of income there, she risks either dependence on her abuser or homelessness.
That is because the convention ignores the issue of domestic abuse, allowing it to be manipulated by abusers.
Would Ministers support my Bill on the Hague abduction convention and domestic abuse, which I will present soon and which would change the implementation of the Hague convention in UK domestic law to protect mothers from the threat of return in this way?
I will happily meet the hon.
Member to discuss her Bill and tackle this issue head on.