The Minister has mentioned best practice.
The “separated regime” in Northern Ireland prisons gives those who have been committed to prison as a result of paramilitary activities a special kudos, and when they are released they emerge with a certain status.
Can the Minister see the inherent dangers of applying such a policy on a wider scale when dealing with people who may have been radicalised while in prison and may, when released, bring the effects of that into a broader section of society?
The hon.
Member is right to suggest that we need to learn lessons from wherever they can be learned, and he is right to caution against approaches that might bring about results that people do not wish to see.
What steps she is taking to tackle court backlogs.
This Government inherited a record rise in court backlogs.
The last Conservative Government let down victims of crime, businesses, workers and families, all through their neglect and under-investment.
This Government are gripping the crisis: to date we have funded a record high allocation of 110,000 Crown court sitting days for next year, and we are, and intend to be, at or close to the maximum in every jurisdiction.
We are fixing the last Government’s mess.
I recently met representatives of the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre in my constituency.
They support hundreds of survivors every year through counselling, advice, and carrying out vital prevention work in schools and the wider community, but, as they explained to me, their work is being undermined by a justice system that is in crisis.
Trials are routinely delayed, sometimes for up to four years, owing to a chronic shortage of judges, and as a result some victims are considering dropping their cases—not because they do not want justice, but because they cannot cope with such a traumatic experience.
That is a gross injustice.
I am grateful to the Minister for her answer, but will she expand specifically on how the Government will help to prevent re-traumatisation in the court backlog process, and on how they will continue to fund organisations such as RASASC?
We recognise the traumatic impact of delays in our Crown courts on victims of violence against women and girls and, indeed, victims of all crimes.
The best thing we can do for those victims is deliver swifter justice.
We will do that not just by spending extra money—which we have done—but through reform, so we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to propose bold and ambitious measures to deliver the swifter justice for which the hon.
Member has asked.
I recently met, in my constituency, two people whose son and daughter-in-law had been brutally killed in June 2023.
Nearly two years on, the case has yet to  come to court.
It has been delayed five times, and a date in October has now been set.
On each occasion, the delays have caused huge anguish to the family.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss this matter, and can she tell me what steps the Government are taking to ensure that trials are conducted promptly so that justice can be received by such families?
I am desperately sorry to hear about the case that my hon.
Friend describes.
Once again, the best thing that we can do for those families, to ensure that they get swifter justice and get their day in court in a timely fashion, is bear down on the Crown court backlog.
That is why we are waiting for Sir Brian Leveson to report in the spring, and why we will act promptly on his recommendations.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure child safety during private law proceedings.
The welfare of the child must be the paramount consideration for family courts, which should follow the welfare checklist, as set out in the Children Act 1989.
Our new approach to private law proceedings—the pathfinder pilot courts—focuses on problem solving, putting greater emphasis on the voice of the child, but we are acutely aware that more needs to be done.
The previous Government’s harm panel report stated that there is a crisis in family courts and that they are too pro-parental contact, despite there being concerns about the child’s safety.
As with many things under the previous Government, the Conservatives did nothing about the report.
Will this Government and the Minister commit to reversing the parental presumption where there are concerns about child abuse?
As I have stated, the child’s welfare must be the court’s paramount consideration.
The presumption of parental involvement states that a court should “presume, unless the contrary is shown, that involvement of that parent in the life of the child will further the child’s welfare.”
I take this opportunity to state, however, that that applies only if the parent does not put the child at risk of harm.
We will publish our review of the presumption in due course.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the standard determinate sentences 40% early release scheme.
The last Government left our prisons in crisis.
We came within days of running out of space entirely, and the emergency release programme was designed to stop that crisis happening.
Numbers are rising again, which is why this Government are committed to building 14,000 prison places by 2031,  compared with the 500 that the last Conservative Government added in 14 years, and to reforming sentencing so that we never run out of prison places again.
Last month, the Prisons Minister said that the longest time that an early-released prisoner had been left to wander the streets without an electronic tag was 53 days.
However, just over a week ago, it was reported that prisoners have not been tagged for up to 78 days.
Can the Secretary of State please clarify this apparent inconsistency?
We were transparent with the House about the problems with tagging during the second tranche of emergency releases last year.
I will ensure that we publish the correct information, and I can write to the hon.
Lady with the exact figures, but we have been holding Serco to account, because its performance on its contract has been unacceptable.
We have levied fines, and we have said that all options are on the table for any further action that we might need to take.