We have a case in my constituency of a young offender, well below 16, who is causing havoc—he has been arrested many times—and is not complying with a court order.
The assumption is against incarceration because of his age.
Will the Minister explain what work the Government are doing to crack down on prolific offending by young people well below 16 who are causing stress and fear in their local communities?
I am very happy to answer queries about that particular issue, if the hon.
Lady wishes to write to me.
The Government have increased the youth offending team budget this year and continue to invest in the turnaround programme.
As I said before, it has been shown that young people who are engaged in that programme have only a 5% chance of reoffending.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the disruption to waste collection and the deployment of the military in Birmingham.
Before I start, may I recognise, on his passing, the significant contribution of Pope Francis?
Also, as the Minister for Local Government in England, I wish everyone a happy St George’s day for tomorrow.
Members across the House will be aware of the continuing disruption caused by industrial action in Birmingham.
The Government have repeatedly called for Unite to call off the strikes and accept the fair deal that is on the table.
The commissioners and the council are undertaking the necessary reforms in the context of a challenging financial situation, with the legacy of equal pay, when women workers were systematically paid less than their male counterparts in similar roles.
Though the council must chart that course itself, our actions speak to our determination to ensure the welfare of the citizens of Birmingham.
We have been providing intensive support to the council in its efforts to address the backlog of waste that has been building up on the city’s streets, and significant progress has been made in the last fortnight through a concerted effort and with the assistance of other councils, private operators and the endeavour of many hundreds of determined workers, who have worked extremely long hours.
The result is that 26,000 tonnes of excess waste have been removed and levels are now approaching normal.
More than 100 bin trucks are out every day and regular bin collections have resumed.
The council continues to monitor the situation closely to ensure that waste does not build up again.
This is a Government who stand up for working people.
The industrial action is in no one’s interest because the deal on the table is a good deal.
The council has worked hard to offer routes to maintain pay through transferring workers to comparable roles and, in some cases, to upskill those workers in scope.
There may of course be details to iron out, but that is why talks are so important.
As we have repeatedly made clear, Unite should suspend the strike, accept the deal and bring the dispute to an end.
The Government will continue to be on the side of the people of Birmingham and to support the council in creating the sustainable, fair and reliable waste service that its residents deserve.
It is astounding that the Secretary of State, having had to resort to calling in the Army to cover her blushes for her failure to resolve the situation, was not intending to make an oral statement to the House and had to be dragged before it by means of this urgent question.
She is failing—failing to stand up to the unions, failing to protect the residents of the UK’s second city and failing to protect the reputation of our nation—and now resorting to being bailed out by our brave armed forces, which I note the Minister did not even mention.
It is a national embarrassment.
I realise that the Minister and the Secretary of State were not born until 1980, but many in this House and in the wider country remember very well the 1970s and the winter of discontent.
It is clear that with this Government we risk going back to those days.
To prevent that from happening, I offer the Minister and the Secretary of State our support, if the Minister will clarify and confirm the following.
What is the projected cost to the taxpayer of the military’s involvement?
Will he rule out the humiliation of service personnel ever having to collect refuse?
Will he commit to using provisions in the Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Act 2023 to ensure that residents receive a basic level of service, and to reinstate legislation that would allow the council to commission agency workers to clean up the city until the strike is resolved?
Finally, will he abandon provisions in the Employment Rights Bill that give unions access to every single workplace in this country, that lower the threshold for union recognition, and that make it much easier for unions to call strikes?
Do that now, and the Minister will have our support.
However, if he and the Secretary of State duck the tough decisions to please her union paymasters, the tail may once again wag the dog in this country, which could take it back to the 1970s.
If that is a dog, it is more like a Bichon Frisé attack on the Government I’m afraid—it really did not land.
What do people in Birmingham want?
In the context of an unacceptable situation, where rubbish is accumulating, the people of Birmingham want it to be resolved.
What they have in this Government is a Government who do not pray in aid party politics or councils’ rows in the way the previous Government did.
What we do is work together in partnership for the end that is important—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members have been carping from the sidelines—they have been doing this for weeks now—and they have offered every criticism but not a single solution.
We would be forgiven for believing that they had not been in power for 14 years, when Birmingham was sent to the wall.
We are, of course, appreciative of our colleagues in the MOD for the support that they have offered, and the three logistics advisers have made a difference.
However, as they themselves have said, Birmingham is more than capable of making sure that the rounds are collected, and the trucks are on the road as of this week.
That mutual support is important.
I need to pull up  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  on a comment that he made earlier.
He spoke about the “humiliation” of collecting waste from the streets, and the “humiliation” of decent working-class people going out to provide a public service to millions of people across England.
It is not a humiliation; it is a public service, and one that is critical to our nation’s interests.
To say that the job is a humiliation— I would say that working-class people, the bin collectors across this country, take pride in their work, and they deserve more respect from the bloody Opposition.