If she will have discussions with the HM Prison and Probation Service on the potential merits of reviewing its guidelines on bail.
Equality before the law is a cornerstone of our justice system, and my position on this is clear.
Later today, this House will debate legislation to overturn guidelines that the last Conservative Government welcomed, and I am not stopping there.
I am reviewing current policy, and this guidance is being redrafted as we speak, including on the approach to bail information for courts.
After the conviction of eight men for a string of horrendous child rape offences in Keighley, I wish I could stand here and say that justice has been fully served, but I cannot, because two of these men—dual nationals—absconded during their trial, are still evading justice and are known to be abroad.
Does the Secretary of State agree that in such serious cases, where dual or foreign nationals are charged with the most grotesque and serious sexual crimes against children, the court should be under a duty to impose stricter bail conditions, including surrendering passports and electronic monitoring, or even to provide no bail conditions, to stop them fleeing the country and evading justice?
First, I share the hon.
Member’s outrage over the crimes that were committed in his community, and the fact that two of those individuals have been able to leave the country, and therefore evade the full force of the law and serving their sentence here.
He will know that the decision to remand an individual in custody or on bail is solely a matter for the independent judiciary, and courts are already required to consider the likelihood to abscond as part of that decision.
More broadly, courts have the power to impose a broad range of robust bail conditions, including the surrender of passports, electronically monitored exclusion zones and curfews.
He knows that I cannot comment on the specifics, because that is a matter for the independent   judge who sat on that case and made that decision, but those are the rules that apply, and I would be happy to discuss that further with him if he wishes.
What steps her Department is taking to reform the prison system.
We inherited a system in crisis from the previous Government.
With prisons over 99% full, we took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.
We are building 14,000 new prison places, and we published our 10-year capacity strategy in December.
However, we know that we cannot build our way out of this crisis, which is why we have also launched an independent sentencing review to ensure that we will never run out of places again.
As Ministers will know from previous questions about Parc Prison, parents in Newport East have very serious concerns about the welfare of family members there, with worrying reports continuing to emerge in recent months.
Can the Minister give an update on any progress being made on prison safety, mental health support and drug interception since Parc has been receiving targeted support?
Safety in prisons is a key priority, and we are working hard to make prisons as safe as possible.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the concerns at Parc.
I have recently visited HMP Parc, as has the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Prisons Minister in the other place.
On that visit, I saw how seriously the director is taking these issues and engaging closely with families on their very real concerns.
The catastrophic security failure at HMP Frankland has exposed the danger that terrorist prisoners can pose to prison officers and other inmates across the prison estate.
Will the independent review also examine the culture of gang-related violence and intimidation that have contributed to such incidents in our prisons?
There is an ongoing audit of all the review’s recommendations.
Our thoughts remain with our brave prison officers who were attacked, and with the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing and their families, who are understandably concerned by the shocking events in HMP Frankland.
My right hon.
Friend the Lord Chancellor took immediate action to set a review in place.