If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The House will be aware of the attack at HMP Frankland on  12 April .
The bravery of the officers involved undoubtedly saved lives, and my thoughts are with them as they recover.
I think also of the victims of the Manchester arena bombing and their families, who are understandably outraged.
Since the attack, I have suspended access to kitchens in separation centres and close supervision centres.
An independent review will ascertain how the incident was able to happen, what more must be done to protect prison staff and, more widely, how separation centres are run, and the prison service will also conduct a snap review of the use of protective body armour.
In addition, I can today announce that His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service will trial the use of tasers in our prisons.
Wherever we can strengthen our defences to better protect our staff and the public, we will do so.
The horrific attacks in Nottingham on  13 June 2023  cost Barnaby Webber, Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates their lives.
I pay tribute to their families and the survivors, many of whom are in the Public Gallery today.
The Prime Minister promised that we would heed their calls for a public inquiry, and I can today announce that a full statutory inquiry will take place, chaired by Her Honour Deborah Taylor and with the power to compel witnesses.
I will place its full terms of reference in the Libraries of both Houses at the earliest opportunity.
The inquiry must be thorough in its assessment of the facts and unsparing in its recommendations—that is the very least that we owe those who have lost so much and fought so hard for this moment.
I am sure that this House, so often divided, will be united on that at least today.
I associate myself with the Lord Chancellor’s comments and extend my sympathies to the families of those who were attacked.
In Bordon, the release of a sex offender to a property near the Hogmoor inclosure—frequently used by young people, families and children—has caused consternation in my constituency.
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to ensure that people who have been convicted of sex offences are properly monitored when released into the community?
Do our national and local agencies have the resources and powers to ensure that these risks are monitored and the public are kept safe?
We have robust processes in place to ensure that those offenders can be monitored effectively at both national and local levels and that those monitoring mechanisms are as robust as possible.
I will happily look into the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises and ensure that he gets a ministerial response.
The Conservatives presided over 14 years of total failure in our justice system.
Let me be topical.
To restore justice in this country and keep my constituents safe, we cannot just do more of the same; we need more transparency about the time criminals spend in jail, and common-sense sentencing must mean exactly that.
How does the Secretary of State think technology can help to make that possible?
I must caution Conservatives Members against groaning.
I appreciate that they might not be proud of their record—I would not be if that was the record I had left behind after leaving government—but groaning shows the contempt in which they hold the public, who have had to suffer the consequences of a truly dire Conservative party legacy.
My hon.
Friend is right that technology can—and we hope will—provide better solutions to the management and supervision of offenders in the community.
I look forward to the sentencing review’s findings in that regard.