There is no greater threat to our Union than the feeling that workers in one nation matter less than those in another.
People in and around Port Talbot feel that they have had a rotten deal.
Can the Minister explain why, under the deal that her Government did with Tata, workers who had been at the company for longer than 25 years did not have that service reflected in their redundancy payments, and why workers wishing to access the retraining elements had to forgo their rights to the enhanced redundancy payment?
Is it true that, as has been reported, as of February, only three people had applied for that scheme?
Tata made the decision to close the blast furnaces in January 2024, six months before the general election.
It closed the coke ovens in March 2024, when an agreement on the grant for the electric arc furnace  had already been made.
The hon.
Gentleman might remember that blast furnace 5 closed down on polling day.
The timeline was fixed for that electric arc furnace to be delivered.
In 10 weeks, we negotiated a better deal, with better terms and protections for the whole workforce at Port Talbot.
There were no immediate compulsory redundancies.
We saw the best voluntary redundancy package ever offered by Tata to its UK workforce.
We saved 5,000 jobs, and 385 acres of land are being released for development, regeneration and future opportunities at the site.
All in all, this was £1.3 billion investment deal.
That is very different from the situation in Scunthorpe.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 30 April.
Yesterday evening, Royal Air Force Typhoons successfully conducted strikes against Houthi military targets in Yemen in a joint operation with our US allies.
This action was in line with the long-standing policy of the UK Government to defend freedom of navigation in the Red sea, after Houthi attacks fuelled regional instability and risked economic security for families in the UK.
I am pleased to say that all UK aircraft and personnel returned safely, and I pay tribute to the professionalism and bravery of all our servicemen and servicewomen.
The Defence Secretary will make a statement about this immediately after Prime Minister’s questions.
I congratulate Prime Minister Mark Carney on his election in Canada.
Our two countries are the closest of Commonwealth allies, partners and friends.
We will work together to deepen our economic relationship to benefit working people here in the UK.
May I also congratulate everyone across the House, including Members and those in the Press Gallery, who ran marathons in London and Manchester?
In particular, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Gordon and Buchan (Harriet Cross)  on running the fastest time of any female MP.
Of course, I also congratulate the shadow Justice Secretary, who I am reliably informed is still running.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the remarks of the Prime Minister about the professionalism of our armed forces, and I too congratulate Mark Carney on being elected Prime Minister of Canada.
I also congratulate everybody who took part in the London marathon.
Both my daughters have done it, but it is sadly something I cannot do any more.
Later today, I will introduce a Bill to guarantee that Parliament has the final say on any trade deal, including any agreement with President Trump.
This idea is not new; it is exactly what Labour promised to do in an official policy paper put forward in 2001, so I am asking this Government to keep their promise.[Official Report,  1 May 2025 ; Vol. 766, c. 3WC.]
(Correction) Currently, Members of Parliament have no vote or voice on trade deals.
Will the Prime Minister— Order.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is on a marathon himself.
I call the Prime Minister.
I extend my congratulations to the hon.
Member’s daughters for running the marathon.
The Government retain the right to strike trade deals to deliver growth, jobs and opportunities for working people.
We clearly set that out in our manifesto, and that is exactly what we are doing.
As he knows, Parliament has a well-established role in scrutinising and ratifying trade deals, and as he references, that was strengthened under the last Labour Government.
Mr Speaker, “there is going to have to be a coming together of Reform and the Conservative party in some way”— a deal, a pact or a merger.
Those are not my words, but the words of the most senior Tory in elected public office in the country, the Mayor of the Tees Valley.
If senior Tories are plotting it, and the Leader of the Opposition will not deny it, is not the only way to stop the plot to vote Labour tomorrow?
Order.
There is no need to answer that, Prime Minister; you have no responsibility for any of that.
On Monday, the Prime Minister’s safeguarding Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) —admitted on the Floor of the House that there was a cover-up of the child rape gang scandal.
Does the Prime Minister think we should expose this cover-up?
This is obviously a serious issue.
I oversaw the first grooming gang prosecution, which was in Rochdale, more than a decade ago.
There is a contrast here, because when the Leader of the Opposition was Minister for children and Minister for Women and Equalities, she never raised this issue in the House in three years.
The shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , held 352 external meetings during 20 months.
How many were on this issue?
Not one.
Of course, the Conservatives failed to implement a single recommendation from the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
My position is absolutely clear: where there is evidence, the police should investigate and there should be appropriate prosecutions.
That is route No. 1.
Route No. 2 is that we should implement existing recommendations, which did expose what went wrong.
Those recommendations were not implemented by the last Government; they are being implemented by this Government.
We are providing for local inquiries.
We are investing more in delivering truth and justice for victims than the Conservative party did in 14 long years.
In the last year of the Conservative Government, we had a gangs taskforce that found 500 perpetrators, protecting thousands of victims.
We launched the inquiry that the Prime Minister is talking about, but more still needs to be done.
It is now four months since I asked him for a full national inquiry.
Instead, he promised five local inquiries.
There will be one in Oldham.
Will he now name where the other four will be?
We are providing for local inquiries—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members have got so much to say now; why did they not implement a single recommendation in the 14 years they had in office?
There are recommendations already in place about the change that needs to be made.
They sat on a shelf under the last Government; we are acting on them.
We are providing for local inquiries, and we are investing more in delivering truth than the last Government ever did.