My hon.
Friend puts the argument very well.
This is a matter of freedom of navigation and a matter of international law, but it is also a matter of economic self-interest for Britain, because the price for the disruption to world shipping on this essential trade route through the Red sea is paid by ordinary people in the food and goods they depend on.
That is in part why we took this action last night.
I, too, pay tribute to the professionalism of our armed forces, and I am thankful for their safe return.
Is the Secretary of State confident about the appropriate security for our military personnel, given that the previous leaks  from the Trump Administration on Signal gave details of such attacks before they happened, and what reassurances has he had from the United States on that?
I am confident.
We handle secure communications in secure ways, and we do that consistently here in the UK.
I join my right hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the armed forces personnel who took part in last night’s action.
The fact that it is the UK that is supporting the USA in this action really does emphasise our close relationship.
However, this morning’s newspapers suggest that our desire to do a trade deal with America has been pushed back to a second tranche of countries, or maybe even a third.
Does he share my disappointment at that decision, and would he ask the Trump Administration to return to that issue and to consider our close relationship in defence and intelligence?
I gently urge my hon.
Friend not necessarily to believe everything he reads in the newspapers.
He is very experienced and has a very good insight into the political world.
Just to reassure him, we are pulling out all the stops behind the scenes to try to settle a trade deal with the US, just as we are to reinforce the special depth of the relationship on security and defence matters between the UK and the US.
I very much welcome the statement and the action, which I fully support, and I am very pleased to hear of the level of engagement by the US.
The Secretary of State will recall that the humanitarian situation in Yemen was the subject of frequent debate and discussion during the previous Parliament, but it appears to have fallen off the agenda, partly because of atrocious conflicts elsewhere.
I was pleased to hear what he said about the FCDO’s approach, but as the FCDO has more constrained resources, will he ensure that the humanitarian situation in Yemen remains a priority?
I am confident that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has that in mind.
He will be conscious, as is the right hon.
Gentleman, that the UK acts not just as the third-largest donor to the Yemen humanitarian programme, but as the penholder for Yemen at the United Nations.