I pay tribute to my hon.
and gallant Friend for his service to his country.
He understands that our national security and economic security go hand in hand.
It is vital that defence investment creates more jobs, apprenticeships and opportunities in the Black Country and across the United Kingdom.
That is why we have launched a new hub to give up to 12,000 small firms better access to defence contracts.
We are raising defence spending, with the highest sustained increase since the cold war—something that the Conservatives failed to do in 14 years in office.
I wish to make a statement to update the House on the action we took last night against a Houthi military target.
We did so in collective self-defence and to uphold the freedom of navigation, as Britain has always done.
Yesterday, UK forces conducted a joint operation with US allies against a Houthi military facility in Yemen.
Our intelligence analysis identified a cluster of buildings 15 miles south of Sanaa used by the Houthis to manufacture drones of the type used to attack ships in the Red sea and in the gulf of Aden.
Royal Air Force Typhoon FGR4s, with air refuelling support from RAF Voyager tankers, struck a number of those buildings with Paveway IV precision bombs last night.
This action was limited, targeted and devised to minimise the risk to civilian life.
Everyone involved in the UK operation has returned to base safely.
On behalf of the House, I thank all members of our armed forces involved in this operation and pay tribute to them for their total professionalism and courage.
Yesterday’s operation was carried out alongside the US, our closest security ally.
It was conducted in line with both the UN charter and the established UK policy of this Government and the last; you will remember, Mr Speaker, that when Labour was in opposition, it backed the Government when they conducted five separate strikes with the US against Houthi targets.
Yesterday’s attack aligns with four broad objectives.
The first is to restore freedom of navigation in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden, the second is to degrade Houthi capability and prevent future attacks, the third is to reinforce regional security alongside allies and partners, and the fourth is to protect our economic security at home.
First thing this morning, the Government briefed the shadow Defence Secretary,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) ; the Speakers of both Houses; the Liberal Democrats’ defence spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) ; and the Chair of the House of Commons Defence Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) .
I can now tell the House that our initial assessment is that the planned targets were all successfully hit, and we have seen no evidence of civilian casualties.
Since November 2023, the Houthis have been waging a campaign of aggression against international shipping in the Red sea.
To date, there have been over 320 attacks; those attacks are illegal and deadly, and we totally condemn them.
Maritime routes have been disrupted, sailors have been killed, and commercial ships have been hit and sunk.
The Houthis have even targeted aid vessels destined for Yemen itself, as well as military vessels of our allies and partners.
Both the Royal Navy and the US navy have been forced into action in the Red sea—last September, I met the crew of HMS Diamond, who shot down a ballistic missile and multiple drones in self-defence during their deployment in the Red sea.
Make no mistake: the Houthis act as an agent of instability across the region.
They continue to receive both military and financial backing from Iran, and even Russia has attempted to support the Houthi operations.
The aggression in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden is yet another example of how our adversaries are increasingly  working together against our interests.
As such, I want to be clear that this Government reject any Houthi claims that attacking ships in the Red sea is somehow supporting Gaza.
The Houthis were targeting tankers and seizing ships well before the war in Gaza began, and their attacks since have targeted vessels of all nations, so hear me when I say that these attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people or the push for a lasting peace.
An estimated 12% of global trade and 30% of container traffic passes through the Red sea every year, but the Houthi threat has led to a drastic fall.
Levels are down by 55% on what they were in November 2023; the majority of ships now take a 5,000-mile diversion around the Cape of Good Hope, adding a full fortnight to a journey between Asia and Europe and pushing up prices for the goods that British people and others rely on.
This cannot continue.
In opposition, I argued that, for what is now 80 years, “the lion’s share of the responsibility for protecting international freedom of navigation in the Red sea is being shouldered by the Americans, just as the US has been doing across the world”—[Official Report,  24 January 2024 ; Vol. 744, c. 355.]
Since last month, the US has been conducting a sustained campaign, targeting the Houthis in Yemen to restore freedom of navigation.
It moved two carriers into the region, and its recent strikes have destroyed multiple command and control centres, air defence systems, advanced weapons manufacturing sites and advanced weapons storage sites.
The US military says that its operations have now degraded the effectiveness of the Houthi attack, reporting that ballistic missile launches have dropped by 69% and one-way drone attacks are down by 55%.
The US continues to be the UK’s closest security ally.
It is stepping up in the Red sea, and we are alongside it.
Yesterday’s joint operation builds on the broader support that we have provided to the US in the region in recent months.
That includes air-to-air refuelling; the use of our important military base, Diego Garcia, for regional security operations; and RAF Typhoons to support the defence of the US carrier strike group, which has been coming under near-daily attack from Houthi missiles and drones.
This Government will always act in the interests of our national and economic security.
The UK is stepping up and encouraging allies to do more to protect our common security, just as we are with the eight-month deployment of our carrier strike group to the Mediterranean and the Indo-Pacific, which started last week.
The UK has a long and proud history of taking action to protect freedom of navigation.
This illegal Houthi aggression does not just disrupt shipping and destabilise the region; it hits our economy here at home.
That is why the Government took this decision.
It is why the UK has taken this action to help protect freedom of navigation, reinforce regional stability and strengthen economic security for families across the country.
We are determined that we will keep Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for early sight of his statement and to the Minister for the Armed Forces for the briefing he extended to me and other parliamentarians  earlier today.
As far as His Majesty’s Opposition are concerned, the rationale for these actions has not changed since we undertook similar operations in government in the months leading up to the general election, with the support of the then Opposition.
We agree that this action is effectively an act of self-defence on behalf of ourselves and our closest allies.
With the main target for RAF Typhoons being a Houthi drone factory, we should remember that drones were used by the Houthis to target our own naval ships, such as the attempted drone attack on HMS Diamond in January last year.
While HMS Diamond was able to take effective action in response on that occasion, we know that this capability can be produced in very large numbers and that the threat remains a clear and present danger.
Indeed, we understand that the US navy continues to be subject to Houthi aggression, including from drones.
In our view, it is therefore entirely legitimate to support the defence of our close ally, the US, and to prevent future potential attacks on our own fleet and international shipping by attacking the Houthi drone threat at source.
The Houthis’ actions are not just a threat to ourselves and our allies; as the Secretary of State said, they are illegal and completely counter to international humanitarian priorities, given that their attacks have imperilled aid deliveries to the Yemeni people, while undermining a crucial shipping route for grain en route to some of the poorest people in the world.
The Government therefore have our full support for this latest operation, and the Opposition are grateful to the brave and highly skilled personnel of the Royal Air Force who conducted the mission, including the Typhoon crews and those supporting the air-to-air refuelling mission.
In particular, we welcome their safe return and the completion of what appears to be a successful operation in degrading Houthi drone capability.
The US has been undertaking its own self-defence against Houthi attacks, and we very much welcome the close working with US allies, as was the case when we were in government working with the previous Administration in the US.
That underlines the continuity of our most important strategic military partnership, and it is right that we work as closely as possible with the US to address threats to freedom of navigation.
That being said, freedom of navigation is vital to the ships of many nations, not just the UK and the US.
The whole world benefits from action taken to keep international shipping flowing, which supports the wider economy.
Can the Secretary of State update us on what talks he has had with other allies, including NATO members, on providing direct military support against the Houthi threat in future?
After all, it is not only a threat to many other nations, but involves other hostile states, notably Iran, with its long-running support not just for the Houthis, but for Hezbollah, Hamas and other armed groups in Iraq and elsewhere.
How will the UK dock in to the approach being taken by the new US Administration towards Iran?