I start by congratulating Truro City football club, who have gone from homelessness to league champions in one season.
In Cornwall, clean energy is a huge opportunity.
We are fortunate to have vast natural resources, with onshore and offshore wind, geothermal and tidal.
We have a strategically vital port and a workforce ready to step up.
I welcome that Falmouth community hospital will be getting new solar panels and benefiting from those first investments made by GB Energy.
As we pursue our clean power plan, will the Prime Minister confirm that this is just the beginning of that investment in renewables in Cornwall?
Can I add my congratulations to Truro?
Clean energy investments are powering our plan for change, and that is just the beginning.
We will go further: 200 schools and hundreds of NHS sites across the country will benefit from GB Energy’s first solar projects, including Falmouth community hospital in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Hospitals will save £45,000 a year off their energy bills, with that money going back to the frontline services.
That is the better future we are building: good for patients and good for jobs, growth and our energy security.
To date so far this year, 10,000 young undocumented males have illegally crossed the English channel into our country—a 40% increase on this time last year—many coming from cultures that are somewhat alien to ours.
They are being housed at a cost of many billions of pounds a year in hotels and, increasingly, in private rented homes.
The effect on communities is one of a sense of deep unfairness, bordering on resentment.
In Runcorn alone, there are 750 of these young men just in one community.
Is it not time to admit that “smash the gangs” was nothing more than an election slogan, not a policy, and is it not time to declare a national emergency and to act accordingly?
We are passing a borders Bill with extensive powers to smash the gangs.
These are anti-terrorist-like powers that give powers to the police to intercept where they think the suspects are committing people smuggling, which is a vile trade, and we must take back control of our borders after the last Government lost control.
But what did the hon.
Gentleman and his party do?
Did they support those extra measures to actually smash the gangs?
No.
They went into the Lobby to vote against them with the Conservatives in their new coalition.
And let us be clear what a vote for his party means.
It means a vote to charge for the NHS, a pro-Putin foreign policy and a vote against workers’ rights.
And now we hear that he has recruited Liz Truss as his new top adviser, just as he was cheering on the mini-Budget.
For  years, my constituents in Orrell have suffered from a lack of local health provision, but next month that will begin to change, thanks to a new partnership that I have built with our local NHS, Wigan Athletic and Wigan Warriors at a centre for excellence in women’s sport.
This will be a shining example of shifting healthcare from hospitals into communities.
Can I urge the Prime Minister to continue with our plan for change and to ignore the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), who for decades has pushed to dismantle our NHS so that my constituents would have to pay to see their doctor?
I see  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  complaining, but what did he say?
His words were, “we’re going to have to move to an insurance-based system of healthcare” and: “If you can afford it, you pay” —not under our watch.
While he is busy taking Liz Truss’s advice and fawning over Putin, we are driving down waiting lists, with 3 million extra appointments delivered and waiting lists slashed in the most deprived areas.
That is six times that the waiting lists have come down, including during the winter period.
We are rebuilding our NHS, rebuilding our country’s future and delivering for working people.
Just before Christmas, thousands of my constituents were left without water after yet another incident involving Southern Water—the latest in a long series of issues, including outages and sewage dumping in our precious chalk stream, the River Itchen.
Yet this month, my constituents face water bill hikes of 47%.
Does the Prime Minister understand why my constituents are so angry about that, and what reassurances can he give them that Southern Water and Ofwat will be held to account?