Attacking the Welsh hospitality sector with the Welsh Government’s disastrous tourism tax is supposedly a good plan, yet their impact assessment warns of a potential loss of over a quarter of a billion pounds of taxpayers’ money.
Meanwhile, last week Labour pulled the plug on funding for the western gateway, a vital scheme focused on boosting the Welsh economy.
Can the Secretary of State now explain to taxpayers what the £205 million will actually do for Cardiff airport, and does she regret both Governments’ decisions?
Today, the chief executive officer of Bristol airport has openly voiced huge concerns about the Welsh Labour Government’s decision to spend the money on Cardiff airport, with no obvious benefit or transparency—a move costing each Welsh household an additional £300.
Investment in Cardiff airport is a matter for the Welsh Government.
I recognise the importance of Cardiff airport to the economy of the South Wales region, with thousands of jobs stemming from the airport and the economic ecosystem supported by it.
Airlines such as Tui and Vueling have recently added several new destinations and extra flights from Cardiff airport.
In the light of the Welsh Government’s sustained support for Welsh tourism, I am delighted to welcome today’s news that Tui is expanding its services at Cardiff, with more new routes and an increase in flights to places such as Tenerife and Mallorca.
Yesterday, Wales lost a musical icon with the passing of Mike Peters from The Alarm.
Mike had an extraordinary relationship with his fans, and he brought thousands of visitors from across the world into the area for his annual event, the Gathering.
Mike Peters, his warmth and his music put north Wales on the map for visitors from far and wide.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to Mike and to the power of music to bring people together like nothing else?
Order.
I am sure that the answer will be about the impact of the levy.
Music tourism is a huge part of the Welsh visitor economy, and I was very sad to hear about Mike Peters’ death.
Mike and The Alarm were the sounds of my teenage years when I was growing up in north Wales.
He was a proud Welshman, a hugely talented musician and a man of incredible resilience.
As well as bringing music tourism to north Wales, he dedicated much of his life to charitable work to support blood cancer patients, and I know he will be missed.
Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of creating a new offence of domestic abuse to help tackle violence against women and girls in Wales.
I know that this is a deeply personal matter for the hon.
Member, and I commend him for his committed campaigning on this vital subject.
This Labour Government agree that more must be done to tackle violence against women and girls, which is why we have introduced a pilot this week in Wales that will enable victims and their friends, families and support workers to apply for a domestic abuse protection order.
We have commissioned David Gauke, a former Justice Secretary, to conduct an independent review to examine how sentencing guidelines can best address crimes of violence against women and girls in the future.
I asked the Government via a written parliamentary question how many domestic abusers there are in prison in Wales, and what their reoffending rate is.
The response was: “It is not possible to robustly calculate the number of domestic abusers in prison or their reoffending rate…because these crimes are recorded under the specific offences for which they are prosecuted”.
There is no specific offence of domestic abuse in law, which means we are not recording this comprehensively, we are not rehabilitating comprehensively and we are not protecting victims comprehensively.
If the Government do not create an offence, as I have proposed, what will they do to protect the victims and survivors and to better identify these abusers?
I understand that the hon.
Member is bringing forward a private Member’s Bill on domestic abuse.
We recognise that being able to identify domestic abuse offenders is critical, but the Government are not convinced that the Bill provides a solution to that challenge.
However, the Ministry of Justice will continue to consider how it can make improvements to how we identify offenders.