This week, thanks to this Labour Government, hundreds of free breakfast clubs have opened across our country.
Will the Prime Minister join me in sending good wishes to the staff and pupils at Castle Carrock, Yewdale, Longtown, Inglewood, Brook Street, Blackford, Hallbankgate and Bishop Harvey Goodwin schools in my constituency, which are among the first to benefit from this important scheme?
Will he confirm that this is just the start of Labour’s plan for change to deliver for working parents?
Let me pay tribute to all the staff in her constituency working in the breakfast clubs, which of course deliver free breakfasts and 30 minutes of free childcare, saving working parents £450 a year.
We have opened the first 750 across the country, and there will be many more to come.
We of course also are saving parents £50 a year by making school uniforms cheaper—something the Leader of the Opposition ordered all her troops to vote against.
The playing of music and loud videos without headphones on public transport is becoming increasingly common.
The various byelaws outlawing such antisocial behaviour are clearly not working, and the planned cuts to the British Transport Police are bound to make matters worse.
Will the Prime Minister back the Lib Dem plan to introduce effective enforcement and a publicity campaign to persuade people to plug in their headphones?
You never know, Mr Speaker; after that, we could perhaps encourage the uncivil minority to take their feet off the seats.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important question about antisocial behaviour.
[Interruption.]
The Conservatives are laughing about it; that really sums up what they did in the past 14 years.
He knows that there are already strict rules in place to prevent antisocial behaviour, including fines of up to £1,000.
We are focused on tackling antisocial behaviour.
It is not low-level; it affects people, their communities, their sense of safety and what they can do with their own lives.
That is why an additional £1.2 billion has been set aside for policing—13,000 new neighbourhood police officers, new respect orders and a named officer in every community.
We take this seriously; the Conservatives laugh about it.
Rents in my constituency are becoming exceedingly unaffordable.
The most recent Office for  National Statistics data estimates that the average rent has risen by 10% in the past year, while the average wage has not risen at the same rate.
Several metro mayors are calling for the power to control rents in their region in order to tackle the issue.
The steps taken in the Renters’ Rights Bill to cap rents at the market rate are positive, but as it is landlords who set the market rate, renters in my constituency fear that those steps will not be enough to protect them from rising rents.
What steps are the Government taking to bring down rental prices?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this important issue.
Communities across the country face the consequences of the Conservatives’ utter failure to build enough homes.
Our Renters’ Rights Bill improves the system for 11 million private renters, blocking demands for multiple months of rent in advance, and finally abolishing no-fault evictions—something that the Conservatives said over and over again they would do, but, as usual, never got around to doing.
That work is backed up by major planning reforms, our new homes accelerator and £600 million to deliver 300,000 homes in London, as part of the 1.5 million homes that we will build across the country, which are desperately needed.[Official Report,  1 May 2025 ; Vol. 766, c. 4WC.]
(Correction) Does the Prime Minister recall from our history that, even during the blitz, concert pianist Dame Myra Hess continued performing her piano recitals at the National Gallery, including the performance of German music such as JS Bach’s “Jesu, Joy Of Man’s Desiring”?
As a trustee of the Parliament choir and a singer, may I ask him to lend his support to Parliament’s own VE Day celebration, which will take place next Wednesday evening in Westminster Hall?
We will perform, in the presence of His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent and the Speakers of both Houses, not only that Bach chorale, but the music of our allies and some British music, too.
Tickets are still available.
I wish the hon.
Gentleman the very best of luck.
It will be a fantastic event—just one of the many important celebrations taking place to commemorate VE Day.
I encourage the whole House to buy those remaining tickets and go along to the concert in Westminster Hall, as well as to the many street parties and other events across the country.
I look forward to paying my own tributes on VE Day, but I wish him luck.