The Minister seems to have no grasp whatsoever of the constant struggle facing our family farms in Wales and across the United Kingdom, because of the lack of support in both Labour’s spring statement and Labour’s family farm tax.
Farming families are not multimillionaires—they are striving to make a profit, with many earning less than the minimum wage.
Will the Minister finally accept that farms are crucial to the UK’s food security, and that the Government should support them and scrap the vindictive family farm tax?
We applaud the work that farmers do—they are vital to our food security.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, there are many ways in which we have supported farmers, including the £337 million given to them in the Budget this year and passed on by Welsh Government Ministers to our farmers in Wales.
He brings up inheritance tax.
I remind him that we are maintaining significant levels of relief from inheritance tax beyond what is available to others and compared to the position before 1992.
Where inheritance tax is due, those liable for a charge can pay any liability on relevant assets over 10 annual instalments, interest free.
The Welsh Government’s budget contained over £300 million to support Welsh farmers.
Is it not the case that Plaid Cymru and the Tories put Welsh farmers’ livelihoods at risk by voting against the Welsh Government’s recent budget?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on the economy in Wales.
We are negotiating a new partnership with the EU and believe that securing a broad-based security partnership, bringing closer co-operation on law and order and tackling  barriers to trade will boost our economies, keep us safe and improve families’ finances.
Since coming into government, I have worked with UK and Welsh Government colleagues to drive more than £1.5 billion in private investment into Wales from the likes of Eren Holding and Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners, creating hundreds of jobs and laying the groundwork for thousands more.
Only this Government can deliver cold comfort and warm words all in the same sentence.
The fact of the matter is that, after the Labour-Tory hard Brexit, the Welsh economy suffered by £4 billion, trade has gone down by £1 billion and Wales has lost £1 billion in European structural and development funding.
On top of that, the Labour Budget has kicked Wales even further down the track.
When will the Secretary of State stand up to her Westminster masters and finally do something in the interests of the people of Wales?
Welsh businesses both large and small tell us time and again that they are being held back by red tape.
We need to tackle the barriers to trade in order to help drive investment, jobs and growth for both the UK and EU economies.
Nationalists can continue their obsession with the constitution, putting up borders instead of breaking down barriers, and raising taxes on working people, as they have done in Scotland.
Closer collaboration between the UK and the EU on defence and defence spending is an important part of strengthening our relationship and will be important for the Welsh economy, including for companies such as EnerSys, which I visited recently, which produce specialist batteries for defence and other applications.
Will the Secretary of State say a bit more about how increased defence spending will aid the Welsh economy and companies such as EnerSys, particularly in advanced manufacturing and supply chains?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the potential for growth.
This Government’s commitment to increase defence spending means that our strong defence manufacturing base in Wales and the skilled jobs it supports has real potential for growth.
The top five suppliers to the Ministry of Defence all have a footprint in Wales, and alongside that is a strong supply chain.
The forthcoming industrial strategy will set out more details as to how that advanced manufacturing base will get Government support.
Reports of a new UK-EU strategic partnership to reduce trade barriers will, at last, be a welcome boost to Wales’s food and drinks producers, given that 75% of the sector’s exports go to the EU.
All producers from farm to fork of our wonderful Welsh produce make a vital contribution to Wales’s economy.
Will the Secretary of State join me in celebrating all Wales’s food producers and farmers, especially those at Sioe Nefyn—Nefyn Show—on Monday, and even more so those from Sir Gâr, or Carmarthenshire, here today?
I am delighted to support the Welsh food and farming industry, and I absolutely concur with the right hon.
Lady’s comments.
On another note, Policy in Practice shows that nearly half of the 10 UK local authority areas worst hit by Labour’s welfare cuts are in Wales—that is 190,000 people affected in Wales, hitting our post-industrial quarrying and coalmining communities hard.
How does the Secretary of State explain to Welsh colleagues why the communities where Labour used to be strongest should now suffer so much because of her Government’s cruel welfare cuts?
As the right hon.
Lady might know, none of those reforms has actually gone into effect yet, so nobody has been affected by them.
We inherited a Tory welfare system that is the worst of all worlds: it provides the wrong incentives, discouraging people from working, while the people who really need a safety net are still not getting the dignity and support they need and deserve, with the taxpayer funding an ever-spiralling bill.
It is unsustainable, indefensible and unfair.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
In Wales, the partnership between our two Labour Governments is delivering on the people’s priorities.
NHS waiting lists have fallen for three consecutive months.
We are creating tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of Wales through our freeports, investment zones, support for steelworkers, inward investments and thriving green industries.
Supporting people into work is the right thing to do, not just economically but morally.
I therefore welcome the recently announced UK Trailblazer programme in north Wales, which will do away with the one-size-fits-all approach and will instead meet people where they are, giving them a greater chance to secure stable and good employment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this shows the power of the partnership that we now have, and our commitment that no one, on either side of the M4, will be left behind?
Also, will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Wrexham football team on their historic back-to-back-to-back promotion this weekend to the English football league championship?
Many congratulations to Wrexham.
I am delighted to see them promoted, and very sad to see Cardiff relegated.
My hon.
Friend is right: the Government understand that work is crucial not just to our health and wellbeing, but to improving our living standards.
That is why we announced last week a £10 million pilot in Blaenau Gwent, Neath Port Talbot and Denbighshire to support people back into work.
We will not sit by and let the Tories’ broken welfare system continue, which has condemned people to a life without work.
These Trailblazer projects will help more people in Wales back into secure, well-paid jobs.
Since this UK Labour Government were elected, more than 2 million extra GP appointments have been delivered in England, and thanks to a record- breaking £21 billion Budget settlement, waiting lists in  Wales have gone down three months in a row.
Does the Secretary of State agree that our NHS and our country are safer and stronger when we have two Governments working together to make devolution work, not to tear our Union apart?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
Driving down NHS waiting lists is a shared priority for both the UK and the Welsh Labour Governments.
As she says, waiting list have fallen for three consecutive months as a result of our two Governments working together.
Meanwhile, the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru voted against an extra £600 million for the Welsh NHS, and Reform would sell off the NHS to the highest bidder.
Does the Secretary of State think that the imposition from tomorrow of a parcels border between Great Britain and Northern Ireland will strengthen the Union, given that parcels, business to business, from Wales or any other part of the UK to Northern Ireland, will now be subject to EU customs declarations and checks?
How does that strengthen the Union?