The House will be as horrified as I was to learn from a shocking report in The Times that a Labour-led local authority apparently showed teenagers a PowerPoint in which they were urged to seek consent from their partner before choking them during sex.
It is abhorrent to even attempt to normalise strangling in a loving relationship—indeed, in any relationship.
It is important to note that the council in question did not categorically deny this at first, but did so after there was, rightly, a backlash.
Does the Minister agree that even considering showing such appalling content to pupils in Welsh schools is totally unacceptable, and will she undertake to hold her colleagues to account on this part of the so-called Welsh curriculum?
It is very distressing to hear what the hon.
Member has said, but I would say to her that the independent pornography review was a wide-ranging and thorough piece of work that assessed the effectiveness of pornography legislation, regulation and enforcement.
The review’s final report was published on  27 February , and its findings continue to be assessed by the Government.
It is right that the Government take the time to understand this complex and deeply important topic, and a further  update will be provided in due course.
If I may, I would just stress the point that the review recommends making non-fatal strangulation pornography clearly and explicitly illegal to possess, distribute and publish.
I think we can all agree that violence against women and girls is an all-too-frequent occurrence.
The Office for National Statistics has published data revealing that, shockingly, 4.3% of women aged between 16 and 59 in England and Wales suffered a sexual assault in 2023-24, up from 3.4% in 2009-10.
Women and girls will only truly be safe if we rid society of the appalling rape gangs, and a Welsh rape gang survivor has publicly called for an inquiry into this.
Has the Minister met the safeguarding Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) —to reflect on this and to deliver for victims in Wales?
If not, on behalf of the women and girls who want answers, who want to be heard and who want to see action in Wales and more widely, may I again ask if she will push the Welsh Government to use the Inquiries Act 2005 to ensure that Welsh victims gets justice?
The previous Government sat on their hands and failed to deliver on the recommendations of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, whereas this Government have already announced a comprehensive set of plans to implement all the recommendations to prevent the horror of child sexual abuse, including: the introduction of mandatory reporting; the creation of a new child protection authority; and the removal of the three-year statute of limitation period for personal injury claims brought by victims of child sexual abuse.
I will just stress that this is a reserved matter and that my Government colleagues have frequent discussions with colleagues in the Welsh Government.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the spring statement 2025 on family farms in Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the spring statement 2025 on family farms in Wales.
Just this morning I had the pleasure of visiting the Carmarthenshire Day exhibition in the Jubilee Room, which I strongly recommend as a real display of Welsh farming and food produce.
The Government are steadfastly committed to the farming sector.
We protected the farm budget at its current level and allocated £337 million to the Welsh Government at the autumn Budget.
The Welsh Government, in their budget, have used that to maintain the basic payment scheme, providing much-needed support for farmers across Wales—a budget that, as the hon.
Lady knows, Tory and Plaid Cymru Senedd Members tried to block.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Not only is Labour’s family farm tax threatening the future of farming in Wales; it is also a direct attack on farmers right across the UK.
In England, the sustainable farming incentive scheme was closed with no notice.
Meanwhile, in Labour’s spring statement the Government brought forward: increases in national insurance, hitting all farmers once again; their tax on double cab pick-ups; plus changes to furnished holiday lets, penalising farmers who have actively diversified.
Can the Minister explain to the Welsh agricultural sector why the Government are carrying out an all-out assault on its way of life?
Just picking up on the point about national insurance contributions, as the hon.
Lady will know, many farmers employ one or two people, so they will come under the category of some of the smallest businesses.
We have made sure that we protect them by doubling the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that over half of small and microbusinesses will pay less or no national insurance contributions at all.
Her Senedd colleagues voted against the budget for Welsh farmers in the Senedd only a few weeks ago.