It will indeed.
The AUKUS programme is a good example of how big defence commitments provide not just long-term deterrent commitments to our own security and that of our allies but an important economic boost, showing how defence can be a driver of economic growth.
My hon.
Friend, who has the privilege of representing the town of Barrow and its royal shipyard, will know better than anyone how important that combination is.
It is hardwired into the approach that this Government take.
The brutal oppression of the Palestinians in Gaza will not be helped one iota by the bombing of merchant shipping and drone strikes against the merchant marine, so we are supportive of the action that has been taken.
It seems to be an operation that has the appearance of something which may endure into a more strategic affair.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, notwithstanding the general consensus in the Chamber on the action that was taken, a broader debate in Parliament would be desirable—not to discuss operational imperatives, plans or anything of that nature, but to further reinforce the will of the House?
While he celebrates the actions of aircrew, will he further acknowledge that the aircrew would not be able to do their tremendous work if it was not for all the other trades that keep them mobilised?
Well said.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to say that standing behind our armed forces and the ultimate professionalism that they display is a large cadre of civilian and military personnel who make operations successful and possible.
He would be wrong to say that this is a sustained campaign.
This is the first UK strike on Houthi positions since May last year, and Parliament will be kept informed in the event of any future military interventions like this.
Freedom of navigation in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden is essential to the global economic system, and anything that impinges on it impacts the global economy, increases the cost to the environment and impacts the poorest people in the world.
It is for this reason that I am proud  to be the former commander of the expeditionary air wing whose Typhoons and Voyagers were launched last night to carry out these strikes.
Does the Defence Secretary agree that this action forms part of the joined-up international strategy to end the attacks and defend freedom of navigation?
I do indeed.
It is part of a longer-term programme to degrade the ability of the Houthis to hit international shipping, to defend and protect freedom of navigation, and to recognise that conflicts in the middle east have a big impact on business and prosperity in this country.
The British Chambers of Commerce recently published a survey that said 50% of businesses in Britain report that they have now been impacted by conflicts in the middle east.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, and congratulate all involved on a very successful joint operation.
Matters like this are likely to attract retaliation from Iran and its proxies.
What is being done to support our allies in the region against possible attacks?
As Carrier Strike Group 25 prepares to transit and exercise in the region on Operation Highmast, will he assure the House—without going into specifics—that all is being done to protect our men and women?
The right hon.
Gentleman, who I think served as a Defence Minister under two Administrations, will know that Defence Ministers and Secretaries, including me, give the highest priority to our forces’ protection.
My hon.
Friend the Armed Forces Minister and I went over that matter in detail with military planners and chiefs before the carrier group set sail, and I was briefed on that again when the Prime Minister and I visited the carrier last week.
In general terms, the operation last night was designed to prevent further escalation.
It was designed to prevent further Houthi attacks by taking out the major weapons manufacturing site that we struck last night.