I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend meets the Health Secretary.
We have got waiting lists down for six months in a row now, delivering  3 million extra appointments.
The Further Faster 20 programme is doubling the rate at which waiting lists are falling, including in her trust.
Of course, earlier this week we froze prescription charges at under £10.
A lot has been done and there is a lot more to do, but our plan for change is working to get the NHS back on its feet.
These are the words of a victim who suffered intolerable sexual misconduct in her workplace: “The non-disclosure agreement was entirely one-sided—gagging me, but not the men or the execs involved.
It covered not just business matters but everything painful I endured.
I ended up in hospital.”
Does the Prime Minister agree with me and Members across the House that the misuse of NDAs in cases like this are totally unacceptable?
If so, will he help us to amend the Employment Rights Bill, currently going through the Lords, to stop this pervasive practice once and for all?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight this issue.
I do not think anybody would countenance the misuse of NDAs, particularly in a case as serious as the one she cited, which is why we are looking at whatever we can do to ensure that they are not misused.
After 14 years of a Conservative Government who let fly-tipping increase to record levels across the country, my constituents in Ealing Southall will welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement today that fly-tippers will now face tough action, new technology for enforcement and up to five years in prison.
Will the Prime Minister set out what other steps he is taking to help councils to tackle fly-tipping and the difference that will make to communities like Ealing Southall?
Under the last Government, we saw 1 million incidents of fly-tipping.
Under Conservative councils, we see enforcement down and fly-tipping up: look at Tory-led Northumberland, where instances of fly-tipping are up 76%.
We are introducing tough powers to seize and crush the vehicles of commercial fly-tippers, who now face up to five years in prison for operating illegally.
That is a Labour Government clearing up the mess left by the Conservatives.
A week tomorrow, the whole nation will come together to commemorate VE Day.
Those who fought in world war two, including my own father, would often attest that no one did more to maintain their morale in adversity than Dame Vera Lynn, the forces’ sweetheart.
For several years, a doughty band of campaigners has been trying to create a national memorial in her honour.
I am pleased to tell the House that they now have a stunning design, that they have a site—appropriately, at Dover—and that they have already raised over three quarters of the funding that they would need.
At this very special time, will the Prime Minister lend his support in principle to this noble endeavour, and will he accept a personal briefing on the campaign—in which case I suspect that he and I will meet again?
It is always a pleasure.
I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on the campaign; it is really important and many people will be delighted to join it.
Dame Vera is sewn into our nation’s soul as providing the soundtrack for our greatest generation.
It is particularly timely, so I will support the campaign that he has done so much to promote.
Whether it is crevasse on the island outside Asda in Long Eaton or the array of tyre poppers on Quarry Hill Road in Ilkeston, every day my inbox is filled with complaints about potholes that Conservative-led Derbyshire county council has failed to fix.
Given that the Government have poured £1.6 billion of extra funding into road repairs and that the Derbyshire county council elections are tomorrow, does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is high time that Erewash and wider Derbyshire got themselves a Labour council that will actually repair the roads?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Conservative Derbyshire county council is home to more potholes than anywhere else in the country and drivers are paying the price.
Our plan for change has committed enough funding to fix 7 million extra potholes this year.
For the first time, councils like Derbyshire must publish how many potholes they have actually repaired in order to get the cash.
The Conservative party left Britain’s roads crumbling—we are fixing them.
The blackouts in Spain have caused chaos.
There is a realisation among many Back Benchers in the Prime Minister’s own party that thousands of jobs are being lost in Scotland in the oil industry.
Businesses face energy costs that are making them uncompetitive, and consumers are being plunged into fuel poverty.
Does the Prime Minister not recognise that his net-zero policy is not only bad, but mad?
Indeed, a former leader of his party now accepts this.
Will the Prime Minister accept advice from someone in his own party, if he will not accept advice from those on the Opposition Benches?
In many years on the Opposition Benches, I learned when asking questions at PMQs not just to read the headline on a Wednesday morning, but to look at some of the detail.
What Tony Blair said is that we should have more carbon capture.
We have invested in carbon capture—that is many jobs across different parts of the country.
He said that AI should be used, and we agree with that: we have invested huge amounts in AI and the jobs of the future.
He also said that we need domestic targets so that businesses have certainty.
If the right hon.
Gentleman looks at the detail of what Tony Blair said, he will see that Tony Blair is absolutely aligned with what we are doing here.
These are the jobs and the security of the future.
I will also say that we should not weaponise the difficult position that people in Spain and other countries find themselves in at a very difficult time.