Its work across the Bay Area--including in

Antioch, Martinez, and Richmond--helps ensure that every child, no

matter where they live, can enjoy the countless benefits of team

sports.
TLC for Kids Sports is active in community outreach and frequently

collaborates with local businesses and neighborhood volunteers, uniting

participants in working toward the common goal of building a better

future for our youth.
Since its founding, over 5,000 volunteers have

worked with TLC for Kids Sports to support communities in need and

create safe environments where children can thrive.
The fields built and restored by TLC for Kids Sports are places where

our youth can learn sportsmanship, hard work, and confidence,

empowering them with the knowledge and skills to build their future.
TLC for Kids Sports plays a vital role in improving our communities,

supporting our children, and giving youth the resources and space to

grow.
On behalf of the constituents of California's Eighth Congressional

District, I would like to congratulate TLC for Kids Sports upon its

15th anniversary and extend my sincere gratitude for its years of

service to the Bay Area community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WORK OF THE JUSTICE LEAGUE OF GREATER LANSING

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a Lansing, Michigan-

based organization that is creating innovative partnerships to improve

the future for Black residents by assisting them with the cost of

higher education, starting a small business, or purchasing a home.
Officially launched in 2022, the Justice League of Greater Lansing

has worked tirelessly to engage the faith community in the area in

dialogue over the historic harms done to African Americans through the

institution of slavery in this country, and to foster greater

understanding of its structural and systematic aftermath.
Since the program's launch, ten churches in Greater Lansing have

either committed a percentage of their endowment funds, a lump sum

donation, or regular contributions from the congregation as a whole

and/or individual members to the effort.
To date, the League has

received more than $350,000, making it one of the most successful

programs of its kind in the nation.
That money will be used to provide

scholarships for college-bound students, home loans for first-time

buyers, and financial assistance for local entrepreneurs.
Among the churches the League has successfully engaged, many of whom

have been involved since the organization's infancy, are First

Presbyterian Church of Lansing; Edgewood United Church of Christ, East

Lansing; All Saints Episcopal Church, East Lansing; First Presbyterian

Church, Holt; and Red Cedar Friends Meeting, Lansing.
I have had the pleasure of attending meetings of the Justice League

of Greater Lansing, and its board members regularly participate in

roundtables I host for faith leaders on gun violence prevention and on

many other topics related to the betterment of the community.
I applaud

this organization's commitment to justice, equality, and positive

change through meaningful dialogue and mutual understanding.
At a time

where so many look to further tear the fabric of our society, I am very

grateful for their thoughtful efforts to repair and strengthen it.
I

look forward to seeing how this project will continue to take root in

the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOSH GOTTHEIMER

Mr. GOTTHEIMER.
Mr. Speaker, I missed the following Roll Call votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
560; YEA

on Roll Call No.
561; YEA on Roll Call No.
562; and NO on Roll Call No.
563.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF DENNIS, GARTLAND, & NIERGARTH

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate Dennis,

Gartland & Niergarth of Traverse City on their 50th Anniversary.