His scouting journey is marked with countless hours of

community service, numerous leadership positions, and endless outdoor

adventures.
For his Eagle Scout Project, he built a gaga pit for a

local park, a project which he planned and executed himself from

beginning to end.
His scouting experience has shaped him into a fine

young man, emphasizing leadership, a strong moral compass, and a

dedication to positive societal influence.
Thomas's achievements are a

source of pride for his family and his community, and I congratulate

him on everything he has accomplished.
God Bless Thomas and God Bless

the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING FATIMA SOFTBALL TEAM ON THEIR CLASS 3 STATE CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating Fatima High School on their victory in

Missouri's Class 3 Softball State Championship.
The team claimed the Class 3 title for the second consecutive year by

beating St. Francis Borgia 12-2.
Senior Taylor Baumhoer led the way in

the circle to finish her season with a sub-1.00 ERA as Fatima cruised

in five innings.
The Lady Comets have now won 68 of their 75 games in

the past two seasons.
The team should be commended for all their hard

work throughout the past year and for bringing home another state

championship to their school and community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Fatima softball team

for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DECLARING IT IS THE POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES THAT A NUCLEAR ISLAMIC

REPUBLIC OF IRAN IS NOT ACCEPTABLE

speech of

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, while I strongly oppose a nuclear Iran, I

will vote against this Resolution because it states that U.S. policy is

``to use all means necessary to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear

weapon.''
That language allows for an open-ended war authorization,

using all means necessary, which I deem inappropriate.
I believe that

America's military commitments must be tied to clearly defined

strategies, and vague war authorizations have, unfortunately, been used

as justifications for unwarranted military actions in recent history.
I

will vote against this Resolution, the majority of which I agree with,

because I do not want to see foreign policy mistakes mirrored.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DOGS OF HONOR GRADUATION

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, this month, I had the honor of attending

the New Jersey Dogs of Honor Graduation ceremony.
The New Jersey Dogs

of Honor is a nonprofit program founded in 2018 with a noble mission:

to provide rescue service dogs, who faced the prospect of euthanasia,

to military veterans diagnosed with Post-Traumatic Stress.
This

initiative is a collaborative effort involving Maurice River Township

Firefighters, Ted's Pet Country Club, Veterans Affairs, local

businesses, and individuals who hold a deep appreciation for the

courageous men and women who have served our nation.
During the recent

graduation ceremony on October 14th, we had the honor of witnessing the

bond between these veterans and their loyal canine companions.
On this

day, we celebrated Roger Asher with his dog Gunny, Diana Pitman with

Finn, Thomas Huck with Sasha, David Clemenko with Milo, William Hannum

with Bailey, and Mario Bellasci with Tucker.
These veterans and their

dogs represent the spirit of resilience, hope, and companionship.
As we

commemorate this occasion, let us recognize the significance of such

initiatives in supporting our veterans as they navigate the challenges

of Post-Traumatic Stress.
God Bless the Dogs of Honor and God Bless the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALFRED PONCIA

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Alfred Poncia,

who passed away at the age of 83 on August 28, 2023.