Title: AUTOS DRIVE AMERICA 2023 DRIVE-IN; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
181

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

AUTOS DRIVE AMERICA 2023 DRIVE-IN

HON.
A. DREW FERGUSON IV

Mr. FERGUSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the career

opportunities and economic contributions international automakers

operating in my home state of Georgia have made to the state and local

community.
Auto workers from KIA and Hyundai that build vehicles in

Georgia have come to Washington, D.C., advocating for policies that

enable their employers to continue investing in their communities and

American operations.
These hard-working men and women are sharing their

stories with us--how their jobs are more important than ever as our

Nation rises to meet the challenges of a 21st century economy--and how

American workers employed by international automakers are driving

growth and innovation.
But that leadership takes investment in American workers.
Last year's

economic impact report from Autos Drive America found that, nationwide,

international automakers employ more than 156,000 Americans, with two-

thirds of those jobs in manufacturing.
In Georgia, these companies

employ more than 6,000 Georgians across 30 facilities, in jobs like

production, engineering, technical training, and many other career

areas.
In fact, 45 percent of all cars and trucks made in the United

States today are built by international automakers, who have increased

their U.S. production by more than 85 percent in the last 25 years

alone.
Mr. Speaker, as we recognized Manufacturing Month in October, let's

ensure we are doing all we can in this Chamber to enable international

automakers to continue to invest in the United States and create 8,888

careers in automotive manufacturing that has changed the lives and

communities of those in my state.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BAPS TEMPLE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, today, I share an inspiring tale of

dedication and unity surrounding the construction of a magnificent

Hindu temple in central New Jersey, embodying the values of seva and

bhakti.
This temple, now celebrated as the largest Hindu temple outside

India in the modern era, stands as a tribute to these enduring values.
Crafted from marble and limestone, it required about 4.7 million hours

of meticulous hand-carving by artisans and volunteers.
These stones,

originating from Italy and Bulgaria, traveled 8,000 miles to find their

place in New Jersey.
The Robbinsville temple is one of many built by

the BAPS, a worldwide religious and civic organization within the

Swaminarayan sect.
This project exemplifies volunteerism, personal

growth, and universal values that transcend religious boundaries.
It

symbolizes unity, service, and devotion, reflecting the core principles

shared by people worldwide.
May it serve as a reminder of the common

values that bind humanity together, inspiring us to embrace unity,

service, and devotion in our own lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING THOMAS POULTON

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Thomas Poulton for his

achievement of the rank of Eagle Scout.
Thomas is a senior at Kingsway

Regional High School, and he has future plans to pursue a degree in

business management.
Thomas's academic journey has been marked by

excellence, with a particular passion for history, earning college

credits through AP History classes.
Outside the classroom, Thomas has

been an active participant in sports, contributing to his school's

cross country, winter track, and tennis teams for three years.
Thomas's

impressive 12-year scouting journey culminated in achieving the rank of

Eagle Scout.
His scouting journey is marked with countless hours of

community service, numerous leadership positions, and endless outdoor

adventures.
For his Eagle Scout Project, he built a gaga pit for a

local park, a project which he planned and executed himself from

beginning to end.
His scouting experience has shaped him into a fine

young man, emphasizing leadership, a strong moral compass, and a

dedication to positive societal influence.