Let us have another reality check.
Information provided to us by the Department for Transport confirms that Conservative expenditure on Welsh rail exceeded £5 billion over our time in office, underpinned by our plans to  deliver the north Wales main line.
Yet in a January sitting of the Welsh Affairs Committee, the Welsh Secretary roundly criticised Welsh rail before claiming: “That is a direct consequence, I am afraid, of the last 14 years of underfunding”.
As usual, this Government’s words and beliefs and the reality are poles apart.
This Labour Government are now offering peanuts—just a miserable £400 million over an entire decade.
Will the Secretary of State retract her past claims to the Welsh Affairs Committee and the similar ones that have been made on the Wales Office Government social media accounts?
No, I will not.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the classification of the Oxford to Cambridge rail line as an England and Wales transport project on Wales.
The hon.
Member will know that that was an error made under the previous Conservative Government.
Heavy rail infrastructure is reserved in Wales and, like every heavy rail project in England, Barnett consequentials do not apply.
The UK Government’s rail network enhancements pipeline funds East West Rail—or Ox-Cam rail, as it is more commonly known—and also directly funds projects in Wales, such as the historic at least £445 million investment in rail in Wales that was announced in the June spending review.
The Government have claimed that listing the Oxford to Cambridge rail line as “England-only” on past documents was just an accounting error by the Conservative Government and that the project has not been reclassified to deprive Wales of funding, but four separate Government documents list it as “England-only”, and over £1 million in Barnett consequentials were already paid to Wales on that basis.
Does the Secretary of State honestly stand by her claim that it has just been reclassified and that this is not intended to deprive Wales of fair funding?
As I have just explained, an error was made by the previous Conservative Government.
Heavy rail was and always is reserved.
The Welsh Government will not be required to re-pay any Barnett consequentials provided to them as a result of any error that took place under the Conservative Government.
The Welsh Government allocated over £1 billion to transport in their recent Budget.
This investment comes after 14 years of critical under-investment by the Conservatives, and it should hopefully provide funding to stations such as Ely Mill in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State tell me why the Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru voted against this investment, which would mean extra funding to fix our roads, build new trains and improve our buses?
The Opposition’s decision to vote against the additional funding was inexplicable, as was their decision to vote against extra money for the NHS, for   education and for businesses—I could go on.
They stand here and criticise this Government while they vote against extra money for Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on family farms in Wales.
The Government are steadfastly committed to family farms in Wales, which is why we protected the farm budget at its current level and allocated £337 million to the Welsh Government at the autumn Budget.
Furthermore, at the UK-EU summit on  19 May  the Prime Minister announced that the UK would deliver a new agrifood deal with the European Union.
Routine sanitary and phytosanitary border checks will be eliminated, with less paperwork and fewer costs.
British goods such as dairy, fish, eggs and red meat currently subject to 100% documentary checks and up to 30% physical checks will see those removed entirely.
Although the aims of the sustainable farming scheme are laudable, many farmers across Wales are expressing real concern about its complexity, the potential reduction in food production and the adequacy of the financial support on offer.
What assurances can the Minister give that the scheme will be simplified, sufficiently funded and implemented in a way that supports both the environmental goals and the economic viability of Welsh farming communities?
The scheme will have a transition period, with the basic payment scheme available for those not in the SFS, although that will be reduced by 40% next year.
The Welsh Government are prioritising their money on the SFS to encourage farmers to join the scheme and start benefiting from it.
The Farming Union of Wales has said that the plan provides “workable payment rates and much needed stability for the sector.”
The Welsh Government’s budget contains over £300 million to support Welsh farmers.
Is it not the case that Plaid Cymru and the Tories put Welsh farmers’ livelihoods at risk by voting against that crucial money?
Indeed, it is absolutely shocking that Plaid Cymru and the Tories in the Senedd voted against a budget that is giving that money to Welsh farmers.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for offshore wind in Wales.
In June, the Crown Estate announced that it will partner with Equinor and Gwynt Glas to develop floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Those projects will create over 5,000 new jobs and will leverage £1.4 billion in private investment.
This will deliver generational  change in Wales.
We are supporting the industry with an £80 million investment in Port Talbot port and a £1 billion clean energy supply chain fund to support offshore wind across the UK.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker—or should I say “Diolch yn fawr”?
The proposed floating offshore wind farms in the Celtic sea lie between the two ancient Celtic nations of Wales and Cornwall.
The Celtic sea not only will be a valuable source of renewable energy but has the potential to create thousands of jobs across south Wales and Cornwall.
Does the Secretary of State agree that local funding for economic development is essential to realise that potential and that, working hand in hand with Cornwall, Wales will play a key role in helping to unleash the Cornish Celtic tiger?
My hon.
Friend is right that floating offshore wind presents significant opportunities for Wales and the UK.
In the leasing round that just took place we had a first-mover advantage in this technology of the future.
Earlier this month, the Energy Secretary granted development consent for the Mona offshore wind farm, which will bolster north Wales’s offshore wind industry.
All of that is contributing to securing our energy independence and bringing down bills for people in Cornwall, Wales and the rest of the UK.