The ongoing war in Sudan is the world’s largest humanitarian catastrophe and the biggest since aid began.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, but I regret that in the past seven months there has been only one statement on Sudan from the Government.
Local and community-led emergency response rooms are central to the on-the-ground response.
Will the Minister outline how the UK is increasing support to those ERRs?
Since the London conference, what bilateral conversations have the Government had with regional actors and the US about Sudan?
War crimes are being committed on an almost daily basis.
The two principal warring parties oppose a democratic Sudan, so what are the Government doing to support Sudanese civilian groups and civil society fighting for the democratic future?
Since 2023, The New York Times has repeatedly reported that the United Arab Emirates is funnelling weapons to the Rapid Support Forces, and the UN’s expert panel on Sudan deemed those allegations credible.
What are the Government doing to address the proliferation of outside weapons in Sudan, and to uphold and expand the arms embargo?
How are they clamping down on the illicit international trade in Sudanese gold, which is financing this war?
Finally, what assessment have the Government made of the American judgment that chemical weapons are being used in Sudan?
The hon.
Lady quite rightly pushes us to say more in this House.
There have been lots of questions from Members when the Foreign Secretary has been answering broader questions, such as on G7 or NATO meetings, so Members across the House have asked questions under the umbrella of international affairs and the Foreign Secretary has replied to them, but we can always do more.
As the hon.
Lady is aware, we need to keep up the momentum from the London Sudan conference.
She asks who we are working with.
We are of course working with the African Union.
This is, first and foremost, a  question of promoting leadership of African countries to deal with issues in Africa.
The Foreign Secretary has redoubled his efforts as a well-respected Foreign Secretary within the African Union dialogues, and recently joined the EU-convened consultative group on Sudan in June, which I know the hon.
Lady will appreciate and think is a worthwhile forum for us to be in.
As mentioned, the friends of Sudan group in Geneva will also advance the work to protect civilians.
The hon.
Lady mentions the UAE.
Our message to any partners who may have an element of involvement in the conflict is clear: we need to press for a peaceful solution.
All those supporting behind the scenes need to come together in the spirit of the London Sudan conference and talk about a peaceful solution for all.
On the hon.
Lady’s last question, which was about gold in Sudan, I shall have to write to her.
In response to an urgent question in April, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer)  confirmed that the London Sudan conference included a commitment from the UK Government to provide a further £120 million of aid for 2025-26 to support 650,000 people, which the Minister referenced earlier.
With that in mind, can the Minister today confirm to the House what progress has been made in the intervening few months to ensure that the additional aid reaches the most vulnerable people in Sudan fleeing conflict, sexual violence and famine?
My hon.
Friend raises the most important point.
It is not just about money; it is about access, our diplomatic heft and knocking heads together so we can get that aid through to the people most in need.
He mentions the £120 million for this financial year.
A portion of that uplift provides support to local responders, both through the Sudan Humanitarian Fund, which supports the emergency response rooms, and the Mercy Corps-led Cash Consortium of Sudan, which provides direct cash assistance to mutual aid groups on the ground.
The reason for that is that there is often a de-banking situation in conflict zones—formal banking collapses.
That is why it is so important that the UK is able to assist the smaller groups on the ground to get that vital aid in.
Such an enormous civilian price is being paid in Sudan, but one of the greatest horrors is the use of rape and sexual violence against women and children as a weapon of war—and it is being used systematically as a weapon of war.
I appreciate that the Minister has limited options, but I urge her to look at every single way that we can be more robust and stronger, and really lead the charge to ensure that vital aid—not only to combat hunger but to help people who have been raped and who have suffered so much—is delivered as quickly as possible.
Let us please lead the way.