Turning to the middle east, the world is looking on in horror at the scenes from Gaza, and now Netanyahu’s Ministers want to lock the whole population of Gaza into what is effectively a giant prison—a plan that would clearly amount to ethnic cleansing, as former Israeli Prime Minister Olmert has said.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that is utterly abhorrent and unacceptable?
Will he make it clear to the Israeli Government that the UK will not stand idly by and will act, starting by sanctioning Prime Minister Netanyahu himself?
I am appalled by the suggestions in relation to Gaza, just as I am appalled by the reports of yet more civilians being killed while trying to access aid.
On both fronts, I am appalled by what we are seeing and hearing, and we raise that regularly, as the right hon.
Gentleman would expect.
In relation to the civilians being killed, I would expect that to be fully and transparently investigated, with full accountability for any failings.
Israel must clearly put in place measures that properly protect civilians, in line with international law, and that is the case that we are pressing repeatedly.
Alongside that, we want to see an immediate ceasefire, so that the remaining hostages can be brought out, aid can be got in at volume and at speed, and a political process can be opened, which in my view is the only way in which we are going to get a lasting solution.
Last week, four-year-old Eli Testa was killed in Rawtenstall cemetery when a memorial stone fell on him.
All of Rossendale was shocked by this tragedy, so I hope the Prime Minister will join me in offering his deepest condolences to Eli’s parents and family.
Families in Rossendale are also deeply concerned about reports that Reform-led Lancashire county council is considering cuts to nursery funding, which would raise costs for working parents and might force some nurseries to close.
If this is an example of the sort of efficiencies that Reform is considering, then all of Lancashire—indeed, all of us—should be worried.
Will the Prime Minister join me in asking Lancashire county council to think again?
I send my deepest condolences to Eli’s friends and family.
I join my hon.
Friend in urging the new Reform council to think again and change its mind on damaging cuts that hit children and young families.
My hon.
Friend is doing a much better job than his predecessor, the Conservative party chairman under Liz Truss, who has now joined Reform.
That proves once again that if people vote Tory they get Reform, and if they vote Reform they get the Tories.
While both parties are cutting services at home, we support families with free school meals and free breakfast clubs, and by extending free childcare.
Jack Straw told us that the Human Rights Act 1998 places on us no expectation that we will   remedy a declaration of incompatibility issued by a court, so the Prime Minister is wrong to say that the legacy Act is struck down.
His own proposals, which open the door to compensation to Gerry Adams and place in jeopardy our own servicemen, present enormous difficulty to those of us who have served—that is increasingly the case on the Prime Minister’s own Benches.
Will he consider that?
The failed legacy Act was struck down by the courts in Northern Ireland, and that leaves veterans exposed.
We are creating a secure, transparent system that protects veterans from unjustified persecution, but that also gives victims, families and survivors the confidence that they need in the process.
Workers in Rochdale on the minimum wage received a much needed pay rise this summer, thanks to this Government, but honest businesses are being undermined by the menace of illegal working, particularly by illegal migrants from Iran and Iraq in bogus barber shops and fake vape shops.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we need to speed up the roll-out of digital IDs, particularly to help our police and immigration staff crack down on this grey market that ruins our high streets and undercuts the pay of British workers?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for Rochdale and, I know, a strong supporter of his local police and trading standards teams.
Since we came to power, we have ramped up enforcement raids on illegal working.
Arrests have gone up by 50%, and we are tightening the law on delivery drivers.
Digital ID will help us to tackle illegal working, and we are rolling out the use of e-visas to have digital records of immigration status and allowing on-the-spot checks of anybody’s right to work.
Severe  pregnancy sickness—hyperemesis gravidarum, or HG—can mean vomiting more than 20 times a day.
It causes physical discomfort, acute malnutrition and severe dehydration, which often leads to hospitalisation.
It has profound and long-lasting mental health consequences.
It was recently reported that a woman took her own life after being denied access to the only licensed treatment, Xonvea—tragically, her unborn child died too.
The drug is licensed and available, yet women face a cruel postcode lottery to access it.
Will the Prime Minister work urgently with the Department of Health and Social Care to end this scandal, so that every woman who needs Xonvea can get it, wherever she lives?
Will he meet with me and campaigners to look at this as a matter of urgency?