Government plans for English devolution and NHS reform suggest that integrated care boards should align with new strategic authorities.
The Government’s plan for Bedfordshire will not currently achieve that, so what assurances can the Prime Minister provide that local NHS reorganisation will be good value for money, improve local accountability and deliver the healthcare services that are needed to serve my constituents in rural Mid Bedfordshire, including the much-needed GP surgery in Wixams?
The hon.
Gentleman’s points about good value for money and accountability are really important.
They are embedded in the work we are doing with the NHS at the moment, which is improving on our watch—not only the waiting lists, but in other respects.
The 10-year plan for the NHS, which is intended to ensure that the NHS is fit for the future, has a number of principles, including the principle of local accountability.
On 11 June, Alexander Dennis announced that it was planning to stop bus manufacturing in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) and I have met the workers, the trade unions, the company and both UK and Scottish Government Ministers to see how closure can be averted.
Alexander Dennis needs commitments to orders for 2025 and 2026, and elected mayors are ideally placed to do this.
Our industrial strategy is right when it says that where things are made, and by whom, matters.
As such, can the Prime Minister assure Alexander Dennis and the workers that he believes bus manufacturing should have a future in Larbert and Falkirk?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
It is a deeply concerning time for the workers and their families in Falkirk.
I agree with him, and we are working with mayors and local leaders to develop a pipeline of future orders for zero emission buses, which is an important aspect of this issue.
The Minister for local transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , is hosting an urgent meeting of the bus manufacturing expert panel.
While Labour mayors in England are ordering Scottish buses, the SNP is ordering buses from China, just like it ordered ships from Turkey and Poland, not from Scottish shipyards.
The SNP should be backing Scottish workers.
I begin by warmly congratulating the Prime Minister on his first year in office.
I acknowledge that the Labour manifesto was beautifully written, deeply moving and, like that other great blockbuster of hope and redemption, “The Salt Path”, a total pack of lies.
With joblessness, inflation and debt ballooning, with  his personal ratings collapsing, and with his Back Benchers on a work to rule, could the Prime Minister recommend— Order.
Come on—let us get on with the question.
Could the Prime Minister recommend a summer recess read, in order to take all our minds off the calamitous journey on which he and the Chancellor have embarked?
From looking at the Opposition Benches, I think most Conservative Back Benchers are already on their summer recess.
We are very proud of our manifesto—it was a very successful manifesto, giving us a landslide victory—and now we are very proud to be implementing it.
Let us be clear in this House: Israel is starving Palestinian children.
That is a war crime.
Israel is killing Palestinian children as they queue for food.
That is a war crime.
Our Government have quite rightly imposed thousands of sanctions on Russia for its war crimes in Ukraine.
How many more horrors must we witness before the Prime Minister acts with the same scale of sanctions against Israel to stop this genocide?
Do Palestinian lives not matter?
As I said earlier, I am appalled by reports of more civilians being killed in Gaza, particularly when they are trying to access aid.
Each of those incidents needs to be fully and transparently investigated, with accountability for any failings.
That, of course, has to happen alongside the ceasefire that is desperately needed and that we are working hard with others to achieve, in order to release all of the hostages who remain, but also to protect civilians and get much more aid into Gaza at speed and at volume.
I can see why you call these sessions Prime Minister’s questions and not Prime Minister’s answers, Mr Speaker.
More!
Order.
If this carries on, there will be no more.
Come on, Lincoln Jopp.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Following the magnificent success of the England cricket team earlier this week and the triumphal return of Mr Jofra Archer, does the Prime Minister agree that what he needs from his Ministers over the next 12 months is more pace and less spin?
My Ministers have delivered on the NHS, on the economy, on rail, etc.
The hon.
Gentleman needs a break.
Successive Conservative Governments failed to invest in the transport infrastructure of the north-east, but the Labour Government are already changing that with the £1.8 billion that was recently secured for the region.
Upgrading Moor Farm and Seaton Burn roundabouts can build on that, unlocking growth, and is supported by local people and businesses.
Does the Prime Minister share my disappointment that rather than supporting my campaign for upgrades, the Conservative leadership in Northumberland county council is actively undermining my lobbying efforts to deliver this game changer for the north-east?
My hon.
Friend is doing a superb job for Northumberland, and I am happy to set out what we have delivered.
We have delivered more than £400 million of funding for Northumberland county council this year—a 5.8% increase—as well as an 80% increase in the number of homes on which construction has started in my hon.
Friend’s area, a near £13 million increase in funding for Northumbria police, and 14 free breakfast clubs in Northumberland, supporting more than 3,000 children.
That is the difference that a Labour Government makes.
During my meetings with guests who are in my constituency under the Homes for Ukraine scheme, they have told me that they are worried about their visas running out, even with the 18-month extension.
They see reports of Ukrainians being refused asylum in the United Kingdom because it is said to be safe to return to Ukraine, even while Putin’s missiles explode in record numbers in Ukrainian cities.
Some of their children are working through two or three-year education courses, and are frightened of having to leave.
Will the Prime Minister meet them, and me, to hear about their plight and offer them some hope in this uncertain and dangerous world?