I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell)  for pursuing this matter.
The situation in Sudan is dire.
We are deeply concerned by the International Criminal Court’s findings last week that there are reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may be being committed in Darfur.
The humanitarian situation continues to deteriorate, with the UN warning on  30 June  of drastic cuts to life-saving food aid for Sudanese refugees fleeing to neighbouring countries.
Sudan has been identified as the global hunger hotspot of highest concern, and without immediate humanitarian assistance, the risk is terrible.
With recent attacks on UN aid convoys, can the Minister provide her latest assessment of the situation and the extent of aid blocking?
How is she ensuring that UK aid—including the £120 million announced at the April Sudan conference—will reach those who need it, and that aid workers are protected?
More broadly, what new measures are the Government taking to compel the warring parties into a ceasefire, to allow more aid in and to facilitate deconfliction for its delivery in the meantime?
How has the Minister supported Sudanese civilian and political forces to engage in constructive dialogue processes such as the Cairo conference, and what is her assessment of the effectiveness of these processes?
Despite the spending review, we are yet to  understand what the 0.3% figure means for bilateral aid, so will she confirm the bilateral spend for Sudan this year?
Sudan matters.
It is not in the UK’s national interests for the crossing of red lines in this conflict to persist, to have the displacement of people on this scale, nor to see the further destabilisation of this region of Africa.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the last week’s ICC finding.
We acknowledge the ICC Office of the Prosecutor’s critical findings that there are reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may have well been committed, and are continuing to be committed, in Darfur.
This is an important milestone in the ICC’s investigation into crimes committed in Darfur, and the UK remains steadfast in its commitment to ensure that international humanitarian law is respected and breaches are called out and investigated.
The UK remains committed to securing accountability for those responsible for atrocity crimes.
This includes reporting the fact-finding mission’s mandate and the ICC’s ongoing investigation.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned the attack on El Fasher and the targeting of aid workers.
That is an absolute disgrace and a clear violation of international law, and we condemn it.
She asked what more we have been doing recently.
We attended the important consultative group on Sudan in Brussels on  26 June , and contributed to discussions with the UN Secretary-General’s personal envoy on Sudan, Ramtane Lamamra, on his plans to convene proximity talks with the warring parties, including on protection issues.
Finally, the right hon.
Lady raised the important question of the spending review.
As I am sure she is aware, we have a lot of lessons to learn from last time the aid budget was reduced, because the National Audit Office criticised the way those reductions were made in-year, without consultation, and questioned whether that was value for money.
Instead, the Government will take a long-term look at this, and have a glide principle over the three remaining years of this Parliament.
That this urgent question could have been relevant at any time in the past 20 years is a damning indictment of the failure of the international community.
This morning, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Huddersfield (Harpreet Uppal)  and I hosted Sudanese community voices alongside Médecins Sans Frontières, the British Medical Association and others, and we heard harrowing stories about what is happening on the ground.
Medical centres and hospitals are becoming battlegrounds and, as ever, women and children are bearing the brunt of the devastation.
The United Nations has called what is going on the “world’s largest humanitarian crisis”.
There are credible allegations of genocide, backed by both the US and the UN, and there are well-documented cases of war crime.
This is a war on civilians.
The UK, in its role as the UN penholder, must lead by example and convene international actors and leaders to urgent, concrete action.
Will the Minister set out what urgent action she plans to take in the next week, particularly given that Parliament will not be sitting again until September, by which time many more lives will have been devastatingly lost?