The Prime Minister is talking about what he has achieved, but we have just heard that inflation is up again—the worst in the G7.
We left him with 2% inflation.
We have borrowing up, unemployment up and taxes up under his Government.
The fact is that the Prime Minister does not get it, so let me tell him.
His Budget last year had high taxes.
That is why the economy is contracting.
The Government have said that they will not put up taxes for people on modest incomes, but they also seem incapable of explaining who is in that category, so can the Prime Minister clear up the confusion and tell us what he thinks a modest income is?
I think of the working people across this country who put in every day and do not get back what they deserve.
That is who we are working for, and that is who we are fixing the country for.
They are the sort of people that work hard but have not necessarily got the savings to buy themselves out of problems.
That is who we are working for, and that is why we put the national living wage up, with an extra £1,400.
The national minimum wage is up, with an extra £2,500 a year.
The triple lock means pensions went up by £470.
And of course, we are extending childcare, opening free breakfast clubs and extending free school meals.
We know exactly who we are working for.
The right hon.
Lady comes here every week and just talks the country down.
I am not talking of the country down; I am talking the Prime Minister down.
I asked him what a modest income was.
He answered with what a working person is.
He does not know what a modest income is, and they cannot even define who working people are.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury said that working people are people who get a payslip, but millions of self-employed people do not get a payslip, so are the self-employed next in line for a Labour tax raise?
The self-employed were the very people who suffered repeatedly under the Conservatives’ watch, particularly during covid, as I remember, when they did not get the support that they needed.
The right hon.
Lady talks the country down and she cherry-picks.
Since we have been in government, we have created 380,000 jobs, the employment rate is up and inactivity is down—the complete opposite of what we inherited.
I do not know where these 3,000 jobs are coming from.
Unemployment has gone up every month under his Government.
Perhaps the Prime Minister  should speak to farmers and small business people and find out what those working people think about his Government.
But that is not all, because we know that the Chancellor is launching a review into pension contributions.
It is as clear as day why this is.
It is because the Government are considering taxing them.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that a tax on pension contributions is a tax on working people?
We made absolutely clear manifesto commitments, which the right hon.
Lady asked me about last week, and we are keeping to them.
I am not going to write the Budget months out from the Budget.
I am proud of the decisions that we took to invest in our NHS and to invest in our public services—all decisions that the Conservatives opposed.
It is no wonder that after the first year of a Labour Government, business confidence is at a nine-year high.
That is longer than she has been in government—[Hon.
Members: “Withdraw!”
] I am not withdrawing that; I am going to repeat it.
Business confidence is at a nine-year high.