The UK Government say that Wales is getting record-breaking funding to tackle NHS waiting lists, but for my constituent Melanie Walker, the reality is the opposite.
After waiting 59 weeks for a hip operation, she has now been told she must wait another 45, because Powys Teaching Health Board is artificially extending waiting times for patients treated in Shropshire and  Herefordshire to match lower Welsh averages—a cost-cutting move driven by the Welsh Government.
Does the Secretary of State think that is fair to Melanie or consistent with her Government’s pledge to reduce waiting times?
I am very sorry to hear about Melanie’s situation.
However, I would say to the hon.
Gentleman that his party were in government with the Conservatives during the coalition years.
That Government delivered horrible austerity on Wales, which lead to public services in Wales being degraded.
His party was the architect of that.
The Chancellor says that cutting red tape for bankers will trickle down to households.
[Interruption.]
The 2008 financial crash taught us that that is utter nonsense.
[Interruption.]
The Secretary of State has just mentioned things that happened in the past; in 2023, she said: “12 years of ‘trickle-down’ and ‘trickle-out’ growth strategies have failed to deliver for Britain.”
Does she stand by what she said in opposition, or does she now toe the line for the sake of the Chancellor’s friends in the City?
I apologise to the right hon.
Lady; I am afraid I did not hear the start of her question.
On tax and what the Chancellor has talked about, we stand by our manifesto commitment not to increase income tax, employee national insurance contributions or VAT.
The Chancellor has said that it would be irresponsible to write future Budgets months in advance, especially given the global situation.
There are clearly costs and implications to every decision this Parliament makes, but we remain focused on growing our economy in Wales and across the UK.
That is one way of avoiding answering the question, Mr Speaker.
My point is that Labour’s skewed sense of fairness does not stop at prioritising the interests of the banks over others; it is also hitting our farmers and rural communities.
The Farmers Union of Wales has warned that Labour’s planned reforms to agricultural property relief will do irreversible damage to the Welsh family farm.
Looking ahead to next week’s Royal Welsh Show, will the Secretary of State agree at last that what we really need is a tax on extreme wealth, instead of a tax on those who feed us and sustain our rural economies?
At the autumn Budget, we demonstrated our commitment to our fiscal rules while maintaining high levels of investment to rebuild our public services—an investment in farming as well—after the mess that the Tories left behind.
We have repeatedly said that those with the broadest shoulders should bear the greatest burden, and that has been reflected in the decisions that we have taken so far.
Tax changes, as the right hon.
Member knows, are a matter for the Chancellor.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the industrial strategy, published on 23 June 2025, on Wales.
Our industrial strategy will unlock growth right across Wales and support tens of thousands of new jobs.
We will target areas of strength from aerospace in north Wales to the world’s first compound semiconductor cluster in south Wales.
We have announced a new centre for doctoral training in compound semiconductors led by Swansea university, plus a new defence growth deal and £30 million for a local innovation partnership fund—to name just a few developments.
Like many Members in this House, I welcome the Government’s industrial strategy and its focus on growth for our local communities.
Across Wales, we have a number of former mining towns, which face the challenge of retraining and upskilling their local workforce.
My constituency of Tamworth, a former mining town, faces similar challenges.
Will the Minister tell me how the industrial strategy will support former mining towns across Wales and in my constituency of Tamworth?
There are many job opportunities coming to Wales through the industrial strategy.
We are also ensuring that local communities have the money available to secure the safety of the coal tips, which is the industrial legacy of those communities.
That means £118 million of additional funding on top of the £25 million that we have already dedicated to those areas.
As my hon.
Friend will know, we are also forging ahead with the industrial zones and freeports in Wales and also the supply chains for the various industries that I mentioned in my previous answer, and they will include, I know, industries in Tamworth.