As the hon.
Gentleman will know, Great British Energy Nuclear has confirmed that, subject to final Government approvals and contract signature, it has selected Rolls-Royce SMR to build the UK’s first small modular reactors.
No decisions have yet been taken on siting.
We will be setting out our plans in due course.
Further to that, as I have already mentioned, the project at Sizewell C will create enough power for 6 million homes and in the peak of construction support 10,000 jobs.
It will boost supply chains across the UK.
Some 70% of the construction value is predicted to go to 3,500 British suppliers, including companies such as William Hare Group in south Wales, supporting new jobs in construction, welding and hospitality.
I was thrilled to hear that Boccard will today be opening its new nuclear manufacturing facility in north Wales.
Does the Minister agree that north Wales has the skills and the sites to realise the economic potential of our nuclear industry, and two Labour Governments ready to deliver on it?
Absolutely; I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I am very pleased indeed today that Boccard is opening its new nuclear manufacturing facility in Deeside.
This is an example of the UK Government and the Welsh Government working together to onshore our nuclear supply chain, thus safeguarding 59 jobs in this instance and creating in excess of 150 new positions.
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the spending review 2025 on Wales.
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the spending review 2025 on Wales.
Through the spending review, we are providing a record £22.4 billion per year on average for the Welsh Government; investing at least £445 million in Welsh rail; investing £211 million a year in local growth funding; and providing £118 million of new funding for coal tip safety.
This Labour Government are investing in Wales’s economy, public services and people.
We have ended Conservative austerity.
I was pleased to see funding for a number of transport projects in Wales in the spending review, not least because my city of Edinburgh is now linked directly by rail to the Secretary of State’s city of Cardiff.
Lumo, which runs services in Scotland through open access, is hoping to begin a service through south Wales.
Does the Minister agree with me that the spending review presents a fantastic opportunity for such projects, which create jobs, strengthen the Union and boost the UK’s economy?
I very much agree with the hon.
Lady about the benefits to the Union of the significant investment that this Government are making in transport.
I am very happy to take away her comment on Lumo and open access, and talk to the Rail Minister on her behalf.
I was pleased to hear the Secretary of State explain in evidence to the Welsh Affairs Committee last week that Wales will receive a Barnett consequential of some £200 million as a result of transport announcements for English mayoral combined authority areas made in the lead up to the spending review.
Could the Secretary of State clarify whether she was referring to the transport for city regions funding, which was announced on  4 June ?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury stated in an answer to a written question that it was not possible to identify the specific Barnett consequential arising from that programme.
My understanding is that the just over £200 million figure that I referred to in my evidence to the Welsh Affairs Committee relates to the combined mayoral authority announcements that were made prior to the spending review.