There are a number of partners; she has mentioned some of them.
The participants at the London Sudan conference included Egypt, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar, South Sudan, Chad, Kenya, Ethiopia and Uganda, and of course the like-mindeds: Norway, Canada, the USA and Switzerland.
It was a perfect moment and the hon.
Lady asks how we can continue that.
We will redouble our efforts to work with the multilaterals such as the UN and the League of Arab States.
There is quite a lot on their agenda at the moment, but it is very important that Sudan is not brought down the agenda just because it is in Africa.
That is a fear, which is why it is so good to see the reporting in the Financial Times, The Guardian, and many of our other mainstream newspapers, to keep it in the spotlight.
We will ensure that we work bilaterally with the countries we work with in normal times, and on a multilateral level to maintain our leadership role.
The humanitarian situation in Sudan is horrific, with the growing perpetration of atrocity crimes against civilians.
This is part of a growing pattern of mass atrocity crimes being perpetrated across the world, but the UK Government’s strategy on prevention of and  response to mass atrocity crimes has not been updated since 2019.
Does the Minister agree that it is time for a fresh approach to this vital issue?
My hon.
Friend knows of what she speaks, with her role before she came to this place.
I shall take that as an action from today’s dialogue.
Will the Minister explain to the House what, in practical terms, the Security Council could do, even if all its members were neutral on the question of backing one side over the other?
If two sides are determined to fight one another and neither is dependent on outside military assistance to pursue the conflict, is there anything practical that the Security Council could do, even if it was united and in agreement on the need for an intervention?
The UN Security Council is not just about military intervention, in terms of the security; as the right hon.
Gentleman is aware, it is also about the impact of the diplomatic solutions.
As the penholder, the UK has the most important role to try to bring everybody together around the table, which is why we had the London Sudan conference.
There were some who threw their hands up and said, “We haven’t achieved anything,” but I think the important thing was that we laid down a marker, and that we are now following up with other partners and being seen as leaders in the area.
It is by using the UN Security Council leadership role that we will eventually get to a solution.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman is quite right to say that there are a lot of fingers in the pie.
What is happening in Sudan—in Darfur, in particular—is one of the world’s deepest and longest-running humanitarian crises.
Unfortunately, we are seeing rising tensions and military action in neighbouring South Sudan, particularly in the Upper Nile region.
The Ugandan army has recently entered South Sudan, and there is a real risk of regional conflict and civil war, which would create a much deeper humanitarian crisis across the whole region.
What is the UK doing to de-escalate that potential conflict, such as talking to Uganda and South Sudan?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to say that the longer the war lasts, the greater its ripple effect.
We should give credit to countries like Egypt, Chad and South Sudan, alongside others nearby, for managing this crisis and for taking so many people in.
There has also been aid from countries like the UK, but the impact within the region is devastating.
I will certainly take back to the Minister for Africa my hon.
Friend’s point about the impact on South Sudan and reply in writing with what we are going to do this month—not waiting until September, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran)  said.
As a former aid worker and resident of Darfur, I feel deeply for the people of Sudan.
Will the Minister say whether there are plans to increase the amount of spend for the emergency response rooms?
They are clearly doing very valuable work at the moment.