In 2017 I led a Select Committee inquiry that warned of an emerging disaster in special educational needs and disability services.
Those warnings went unheeded by the Conservatives, who left behind a broken system, which even they have since admitted is, “Lose, lose, lose.”
Can the Prime Minister confirm that this Labour Government’s rebuilt SEND system will be shaped by listening to the needs of SEN families, never again ignored but served in the best traditions of a Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I think there is general agreement across the House that the system is broken, just like almost everything the Conservatives touched at the end of 14 miserable years.
It does not work for parents and it lets children down, and we will reform it.
We are already investing an additional £1 billion, but we need a system that truly supports every child.
We are developing proposals, and I want to work across the House in order to secure the right outcome.
For the final question, I call Pippa Heylings.
Yet again, we are suffering record-breaking heatwaves and drought.
That is worrying people in my constituency, which is both the fastest-growing and the most water-stressed area in the country.
The proposed fens reservoir is important, but will provide water only for the already ambitious house building plans, not the thousands of new homes that the Government propose.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the water crisis in Greater Cambridge is a deal-breaker for the Government’s growth plans, and will he, as a matter of urgency, help me to convene a ministerial roundtable with the Cambridge water scarcity group?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the drought and, more generally, the question of reservoirs.
It is shocking that a new reservoir has not been built for a very, very long time—none at all in the previous 14 years.
We are building now, and we are doing that alongside the infrastructure and housing that we also need to build.
We will work across the House on that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if she will make a statement on Britain’s response to the worsening situation in Sudan.
Sudan is the worst humanitarian crisis on record.
Over 30 million people need aid, and 12 million people have been displaced.
Famine is spreading fast, and new reports confirm that the situation will deteriorate in the next three months.
Cholera is also now widespread.
Lifesaving assistance continues to be blocked by the parties.
Last month, five aid workers were killed in an appalling attack on a UN convoy that was delivering lifesaving aid to those fleeing violence in El Fasher.
The deliberate targeting of aid workers clearly violates international law.
As the United Nations Security Council penholder on Sudan, the UK led calls for accountability for such attacks, including through the UK-penned press statement on  12 June .
Last week, the International Criminal Court’s Office of the Prosecutor found reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may well have been, and continue to be, committed in Darfur.
The perpetrators must be held to account.
The UK continues to play a leading role in ensuring that aid gets to where it is most needed.
In April, the Foreign Secretary brought together a broad coalition of partners to build consensus on strengthening humanitarian access.
The co-chairs’ statement called on the parties to facilitate humanitarian access in accordance with their commitments in the Jeddah declaration.
Over £810 million of funding for Sudan was announced, including £120 million of UK aid, which will support over 650,000 people this year.
In the absence of a ceasefire, the humanitarian situation will only worsen.
We continue to call on the warring parties to place the interests of the Sudanese people over their pursuit of a military victory.
The UK is working with our international partners to push the warring parties to return to the negotiating table and commit to a meaningful, sustainable ceasefire.
Any process that follows must be inclusive.
We underline the importance of a return to civilian rule that is democratic and representative of the whole country.
Moves by the Sudanese Armed Forces and the Rapid Support Forces to establish their own parallel Governments will only exacerbate de facto splits, and could lead to the permanent partition of Sudan.
That is in no one’s interests.
We will continue to use all diplomatic tools at our disposal to protect civilians, get aid to those who need it most, and support a Sudanese-led peace process with civilians at its heart.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question today.
I make no apologies for raising the dire and desperate straits of the Sudanese people again in this House, not least because Britain leads on the Sudanese situation at the United Nations on behalf of all other nations.
As the Minister said, the people of Sudan are in the throes  of the worst humanitarian catastrophe in the world and the situation is worsening, even if such things can hardly be imagined.
Earlier this month, the United Nations and international organisations reported the mass displacement of tens of thousands of people following the combatant forces advancing across the Kordofan states.
There have been months of increased mobilisation of fighters, including the recruitment of children from across Darfur.
As fighting expands, the Kordofan states are the next deadly front.
In the recent and welcome ministerial conference hosted by the Foreign Secretary, much-needed money was raised, but the goal of a high-level contact group to drive political efforts towards achieving a ceasefire and protecting Sudanese civilians met with an impasse.
We must accept that despite our efforts the past two years have been a story of faltering international endeavour where world events have cast Sudan into the shadows as its people have faced only deepening peril.
I ask the Minister three questions.
First, what lessons have the Government learned from the siege of El Fasher and the overwhelming of the camp for displaced people at Zamzam to prepare for and protect civilians from the spread of violence across the Kordofan states?
How are the Government supporting the local emergency response rooms?
Secondly, can she confirm that the prevention of atrocities remains a key pillar of British policy and is unaffected by the recent cuts in the development budget?
Thirdly, and finally, what are the Government doing to advance international efforts to protect civilians alongside their pursuit of a ceasefire?
Are we to assume the Jeddah process is dead?
What discussions has she had with her counterparts in the United States over recent weeks?