The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 16 July.
There has always been support across this House for the United Kingdom fulfilling our obligations to Afghans who served alongside British forces.
We warned in opposition about Conservative management of this policy, and yesterday the Defence Secretary set out the full extent of the failings that we inherited: a major data breach, a super-injunction and a secret route that had already cost hundreds of millions of pounds.
Ministers who served in the Conservative Government have serious questions to answer about how this was ever allowed to happen.
The Chair of the Defence Committee has indicated that he intends to hold further inquiries.
I welcome that
and I hope that those who were in office at the time will welcome that scrutiny.
President Macron’s state visit last week saw us secure historic agreements: co-ordinating our nuclear deterrents; a major investment in Sizewell C; and a landmark returns deal, which is a crucial next step in restoring order to our immigration system.
Tomorrow I will host Chancellor Merz for further talks on our security and the economy.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Families in Burton and Uttoxeter are watching their smart meters like hawks, and dreading the moment when their energy bill lands on the doormat.
I therefore welcome Labour’s warm home discount, which will mean £150 off energy bills for millions of people across this country, providing meaningful support in these difficult times.
Will the Prime Minister set out how that will help support families in my constituency and across the country?
I met my hon.
Friend’s constituent Nicola in her kitchen, and she told me how hard she is working to support her three children, but that the past decade has let her down, with false promises and public services a wreck.
She told me about the difference the warm home discount will make, and that £150 off her energy bills—she had a meter in her kitchen, if I recall, recording how much energy she was using—would make all the difference to her.
I promised Nicola and my hon.
Friend that there is much more to come.