There is also interesting work going on with family hubs.
Indeed, the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom), who has responsibility for start for life, is leading on that.
The family hubs and start for life programme will deliver a step change in outcomes for babies, children and parents in 75 local authorities in England with high deprivation.
We believe strongly that if we can give the best start in life to our babies and children, it will bode extremely well for their future years.
A report that is to be published shortly by the all-party parliamentary group for diagnostics, which I chair, has highlighted that community diagnostic centres are essential for tackling health inequalities.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to her new role.
Will she honour her predecessor’s commitment to meet the all-party group to discuss the benefits of diagnostics in general and the preventive role that they can play in reducing health inequalities across the country?
Not only am I delighted to accept my hon.
Friend’s kind invitation, but I am also extremely grateful for her work in that area.
Of course, we think that community diagnostic centres are an important and exciting part of healthcare in this country.
We have 136 centres operational at the moment, and we know that they have provided 5 million additional tests since July 2021.
That is the future and we very much support it.
We know that socioeconomic inequalities drive health inequalities and that poverty increases adverse health effects.
Research by the Trussell Trust shows that one in seven people faces hunger across the UK because they simply do not have enough money.
Will the Secretary of State raise with her Cabinet colleagues the Trussell Trust joint campaign with the Joseph Rowntree Foundation calling for an essentials guarantee in universal credit to ensure that the basic rate at least covers life’s essentials so as to ensure that people can afford essentials such as food and heating and to mitigate against health inequalities?
Of course, conversations continue between Ministers across Government in terms of helping not just with health inequalities but with inequality of opportunity.
That is why I very much hope that the hon.
Lady and her colleagues will welcome the thoughtful focus that both the Chancellor and the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions have put into the back to work plan.
We know that getting people into work can have enormous benefits, not just financially but, importantly, for their wellbeing.
The idea behind the back to work plan is that we do it by working with people to draw out their full potential and help them to lead healthy lives.
If she will review the provision of health services for people living with (a) Ehlers-Danlos syndromes and (b) hypermobility spectrum disorder.
We recognise that body-wide symptoms associated with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and hypermobility spectrum disorder can be disabling and can affect all aspects of life.
General rheumatology services, which support people with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and hypermobility spectrum disorder, are locally commissioned by integrated care boards, which are best placed to make decisions according to local need.
The major conditions strategy will focus on six groups of conditions, including musculoskeletal disorders such as these syndromes and disorders.
That is all very well, but I do not think that will convince my constituents or the one in 500 people who suffer from that awful disease.
This wonderful talented group of people on the Treasury Bench obviously inhabit an alternate universe.
My GP said that these days there is no training or research, and that we do not have the capacity to look into these things.
People with EDS have to be assessed by uptrained GPs, but they are not there.
Our GP and medical services are on their knees.
When will the Minister wake up to that fact?
With respect, the hon.
Gentleman is as wrong as usual.
NHS England is taking forward work to improve the ways in which services for rare diseases are commissioned, putting patients’ voices at the centre of service delivery and ensuring co-ordinated access to specialist care, treatment, drugs, social care, mental health and special educational support.
We will continue to work to improve services in this area.
What steps she is taking to improve maternity services.
Since 2021, we have invested an additional £165 million a year to improve maternity neonatal care; next year, that figure will rise to £186 million.
That investment is leading to progress on outcomes: stillbirths have reduced by 23%, and neonatal mortality rates are down by 30%.
Women continue to be failed by maternity services across England, as has been highlighted by a string of scandals including East Kent, Nottingham and Morecambe Bay.
The Care Quality Commission’s maternity inspections over the past year downgraded many maternity units, branding two thirds of them as dangerously substandard and highlighting shortages of staff, among other problems.
What additional steps is the Minister taking to ensure that a woman can go into maternity services knowing that she and her baby will come out alive, and can she tell us whether the recommendations of the Kirkup and Ockenden reviews have been fully implemented?
The hon.
Lady has touched on three inquiries.
The Ockenden inquiry covered the period from 2000 to 2019, the Kirkup review covered the period from 2009 to 2020 and the Morecambe Bay inquiry covered the period from 2004 to 2013, so the Labour Government were also responsible for parts of all those periods.
We are introducing radical changes.
We are increasing the number of midwives, which is up 14% since 2010, and the number of midwifery training places has increased by 3,650.
We have introduced the maternity disparities taskforce to improve outcomes for those women who face the poorest outcomes, and have also introduced a maternity support programme for those trusts that do badly in CQC inspections—32 trusts are going through that improvement programme right now.
Those are some of the things we are doing to improve maternity services.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for birth trauma, I recently commissioned a survey of mums across the UK via Mumsnet on this issue.
I was shocked to discover that one in five mothers was not being offered a six-week GP check post-birth.
That means that many women with physical injuries or mental health problems are unfortunately not being diagnosed or offered support, which is very troubling.
Will my hon.
Friend include birth trauma in the future update to the women’s health strategy, and ensure that all mums receive a post-birth six-week check-up  with their GP?
That check-up must include both the physical and mental health of the mum, not just focus on the baby.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work in this place.
She will be pleased to know that we are rolling out perinatal pelvic health services in every part of England, which should be in place by the end of March next year.
In addition, we are rolling out obstetric anal sphincter injury bundles, which my hon.
Friend raised in her debate on birth trauma; those have the potential to reduce the number of tears by 20%.
She is absolutely right to be driving this issue forward.
It will be covered in the women’s health strategy, but we are not waiting for the second year: we are already making progress in this place.