Over the weekend, I was rather pleased to see the Leader of the Opposition’s damascene conversion to the Conservative cause.
As the shadow Secretary of State is on his world tour investigating what other health systems are doing, the Labour party may wish to bear in mind the words of wisdom from the great lady herself: “The problem with socialism is that at some point you run out of other people’s money.”
What recent steps she has taken to help prepare for a future pandemic.
Lessons from covid-19 have been incorporated into our planning for any future pandemics across a range of areas.
That includes the need to prepare for infections through all five routes of transmission, and for the health and social care sectors to have flexible capabilities that can adapt to a range of health threats.
My hon.
Friend may have heard that news is emerging from China of yet another respiratory disease spreading through that country.
What mechanisms are in place to learn from the covid inquiry when it  finishes its work, so that if mistakes were made, we do not make them again in the event that, God forbid, we have another pandemic?
First, early indications show that the respiratory illnesses in China are likely to be due to increasing levels of endemic infection.
These are normal infections but at a higher level.
Secondly, we are not waiting for the covid inquiry before we implement lessons learned.
One of the key changes we have already made is the introduction of the UK Health Security Agency, which carries out surveillance on both national and international threats.
A good example of its work is last year’s strep
A outbreak, which it managed and contained very well.
This year, the identification of a new covid variant—not a variant of concern—meant we brought forward our autumn vaccination roll-out.
For all of us who lost loved ones, covid-19 is still very raw.
I have been following the covid inquiry, and two recommendations have so far come forward.
The first is that the lockdown should have been earlier, and the second is that those with covid should not have been sent to care homes—covid went through care homes and cast death everywhere.
Has the Minister taken those two lessons on board?
I know the hon.
Gentleman had a personal loss to covid, and he is absolutely right to highlight those lessons learned.
We are learning lessons, but each pandemic or increase in infection is different.
It may have been appropriate to have lockdowns for covid-19, but lockdowns may not be appropriate for other infections, such as strep A or other respiratory illnesses.
We set up the UKHSA to provide expert advice.
We are learning lessons from the covid inquiry, and we are already taking action.
What progress her Department has made on discharging patients from hospitals and moving them into social care.
When someone no longer needs to be in hospital, it is better for them and better for the NHS for them to go home.
That is why we have been working hard to reduce delayed discharges, and we have been making good progress.
In England, delayed discharges are down 13% since January, meaning thousands fewer people waiting in hospital and freeing up nearly 2,000 hospital beds every day.
In my constituency of North East Fife, an average of 14% of social care and social work roles are filled when first advertised, but yesterday the Home Secretary announced plans to make it harder to recruit care workers from overseas.
What assessment has the Minister made of the effect of that announcement on hospitals’ ability to discharge patients and free up hospital beds for those who need them?
The hon.
Member refers to yesterday’s announcement on migration.
First, I am very grateful to all the international workers who come here to help in our health and social care system and to care for our  loved ones.
Clearly, we must get the balance right between migration and making sure that our health and care system has the workforce that it needs.
That is what we are doing, both with the migration changes announced yesterday and with our reforms to the social care workforce to ensure that working in social care is appealing to home-grown talent.