To clarify the record on the two ships that my right hon.
Friend mentions, HMS Lancaster was already there and HMS Diamond is there now, and there are two Royal Fleet Auxiliary ships, which I sent right at the beginning of this conflict.
In answer to his broader question, for security, making sure that our personnel are kept safe is always at the heart of what we do.
I appreciate his concern, and I know that he will understand that I cannot go into the detail of how we ensure that protection, but it is very much upmost in our minds wherever and whenever we deploy.
Yesterday I asked the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Aldershot (Leo Docherty) , whether the UK Government were in a position to contribute to the International Criminal Court’s call for evidence in its investigation of potential breaches of international humanitarian law.
He said: “Not at this stage, but we will continue to take note.”—[Official
Report,  4 December 2023 ; Vol. 742, c. 34.]
Surely, if the UK Government are actively collecting drone and surveillance images of the war zone, the answer to that question should have been yes?
I would have thought that the No. 1 concern would be to locate the British hostages, and  that is where the surveillance work will focus.
The FCDO will be best placed to answer the hon.
Gentleman’s specific question.
I am grateful to the Defence Secretary for confirming that the MOD is currently rightly focused on regional security and containment but, inasmuch as the UK has a responsibility to Israel, we also have a responsibility to the people of Gaza.
Can he therefore reassure me that His Majesty’s forces will not become involved in any military action unless it is in direct support of British interests or British nationals?
Yes.
The right hon.
Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  mentioned future arrangements.
Can the Secretary of State give the House an assurance that there will be no deployment of British troops on the ground in Gaza, Israel or the west bank without the approval of this House?
There simply is not going to be a deployment, so that will not be required.
The Houthis, who are attacking British and American cargo ships, and Hamas are basically two sides of the same coin.
They are Iranian-funded, Iranian-trained and, of course, Iranian-guided terrorist groups that are publicly committed to the destruction of Israel.
Does the Defence Secretary agree that using UK military assets in support of our ally is crucial to deterring further escalation?
None of us wants further escalation.
I particularly welcome the UK’s deployment of drones to help locate hostages, including British hostages.
In the days after  7 October , the Defence Secretary said: “No nation should stand alone in the face of such evil”.
Will he repeat that crucial support today and in the difficult days ahead?
I thank him for his support.
I clarify again that these are not necessarily only drones.
Some will be piloted or will be unarmed.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right that no nation should stand alone.
It is easy to forget how this all began, when the Hamas terrorist group thought it was a plan to go into Israel to butcher men, women and children, cut off heads and rape people.
One of the keys to securing and sustaining any ceasefire, pending a wider political solution, may be a UN, or UN-authorised, peacekeeping or monitoring presence on the ground.
For various reasons, historical and otherwise, such a presence may have to be led by the Arab states.
Does the Secretary of State foresee any situation in which the MOD could provide back-up support to such a presence?
Is any planning being done for such a scenario?
As the hon.
Gentleman can imagine—and this was included in my conversations in the States last week—there is a huge amount of international work about what happens afterwards and how it will be structured.
It is rather too soon, I am afraid, to predict  exactly how it will look, but I do not think he is too far off the mark to think that this needs to be a truly global response.
It will need to involve Arab partners.
We will do whatever we can to support that, but I see no circumstances in which British troops would be on the ground.
Can my right hon.
Friend elaborate on the efforts the Government are making to de-escalate the conflict, in the hope that this would reduce civilian casualties?
Of course, the single biggest thing that could happen to escalate this conflict would be for it to turn into a regional conflict.
I am thinking, in particular, of Hezbollah on the northern border with Lebanon, as well as what could happen from Syria, from Iranian-backed terrorists in Iraq and, of course, from the Houthis.
This could get worse in a variety of places, which is why sending ships and military for deterrent purposes has been so vital and has been our primary approach to preventing this conflict from turning into a bigger regional conflict.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what role the RAF base in Cyprus is currently playing in this situation?
Is any military matériel being moved through that base?
The hon.
Lady will know that the RAF bases in Cyprus are a very useful asset.
They are being used, for example, to provide support to our military in the area.
To answer her specific question, I can assure her that we have provided no offensive military weapons to Israel during this conflict.
In fact, our military exports to Israel are quite low.
Last year’s figure was something like £48 million, which is not a very significant amount of money.
During the conflict, we would provide only defensive matériel, or matériel that might help with the recovery of hostages.
I applaud the decisive actions of my right hon.
Friend and the Government to defend our strategic ally, Israel, against Hamas, but the grim reality on the ground right now is that Hamas continue to fire dozens of rockets at Israeli towns and cities.
The Iran-backed terror group have fired more than 10,000 rockets since  7 October  and show no sign of stopping their violent attacks against Israel.
Will my right hon.
Friend not only commit to continuing his support for Israel in defending itself against Hamas, but reassure the House that every possible step is being taken to counter Iran’s links across the region, which are causing instability?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point that the conflict would be over immediately if hostages were released and Hamas stopped firing rockets into Israel—there would not be a cause for conflict.
Indeed, that is the policy Israel followed for many years, hoping that, even though rocket attacks continued, Hamas would not take advantage of their own population by using them as human shields and building infrastructure under hospitals, schools and homes.
Unfortunately, that is not the Hamas way.
That is what they have done, and my hon.
Friend is absolutely right to identify Iran as being behind this whole evil business.