My hon.
Friend will know that we have a number of capabilities for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance.
The Rivet Joint, which he mentioned, has been involved in carrying out missions elsewhere, and—as I think he hinted—has attracted unprofessional behaviour from other air forces.
We have the P-8 available as well, along with the Shadow R1 and others.
Exactly which aircraft and machinery perform these roles will depend on operational circumstances, but I can confirm that we have not had to pull resources away from other urgent work to provide this cover.
It is important to repeat the denunciation of the death cult known as Hamas.
Given the war of attrition that is now taking place in south Gaza, let me reiterate from the SNP Benches the call for an immediate ceasefire, because I am afraid that a pause will not suffice.
The view from here, at least, is that without a ceasefire we will see yet another graveyard from which fundamentalism will rise.
Let me ask a specific question.
The Secretary of State mentioned reconnaissance missions looking, rightfully, for UK citizens being held by Hamas.
Does he agree that any information coming out of those reconnaissance missions that sees illegal activity under international law should be handed over to the International Criminal Court for its ongoing investigation into the operations in Gaza?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to stress the abominable, disgraceful, disgusting behaviour of Hamas.
He calls for a permanent ceasefire; I suggest that that would be a heck of a lot easier if Hamas released the hostages they are holding right now.
As I stressed earlier, we will be in charge of the reconnaissance information, which will focus exclusively on hostage recovery and will be passed only to the appropriate authorities.
Those on both Front Benches seem to agree that Hamas must not remain in control in Gaza.
Is any thought being given to how, once they have been removed, they can be prevented from coming back?
There will need to be policing, and a moderate major Arab neighbour of Israel has said that a two-state solution can happen only if it is enforced.
Will we have a hand in that enforcement?
If not, how can it possibly happen?
My right hon.
Friend is an expert on these matters, and he is right: there has to be an international outcome to this, and a solution.
I am afraid that in recent decades there has not been sufficient global focus on a two-state solution because it seemed to be an unsolvable problem, and it has slipped into the background.
My right hon.
Friend is also right to say that there must be a global coalition which will need to include Arab states.
A huge amount of work is being undertaken for what some people call “the day after”.
May I ask a slightly wider question?
What are the Government doing specifically to prevent escalation and promote regional stability?
I think that if on  7 October  we had projected forward eight weeks and known what we know now, we would have been very concerned about this leading to a widescale regional escalation.
It is a credit to the United Kingdom and the professionalism of our services that, after the United States, we have deployed the most military assistance to the area.
I have been told by a fair number of the Arab states that they appreciate the deterrent that that has placed on Iran and its many proxies in the area.
Certainly the fact that eight weeks later we have not seen that expand is a credit to the British laydown.
In recent weeks we have seen Houthi rebel attacks on shipping in the Red sea, and back in June there were reports of harassment of shipping in the strait of Hormuz by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Iranian attempts to consolidate control of contested islands.
What action is the UK taking with our allies to protect freedom of navigation?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
We have seen the Houthi, out of Yemen, try to take advantage of the situation and, for the first time in a very long period, we have seen Somali pirates becoming involved.
That is why I have sent HMS Diamond to the Gulf, and it is why HMS Lancaster is there as well.
Let me reassure my right hon.
Friend: I am working very closely with our international partners on how we can dissuade people from engaging in activity of this kind in what are international shipping waters.
That includes the  conversations that I had in the United States last week with my opposite number, the American Defence Secretary, Lloyd Austin.
How can the Secretary of State reassure me that the defence resources and attention now been focused on the middle east will not in any way reduce what we are able to commit to in support of our friends in Ukraine?
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will know of my personal interest in and dedication to Ukraine.
I can absolutely reassure him that this is not defocusing that work in any way, shape or form.
We are ensuring that we continue to provide daily support to our Ukrainian friends, and I have a very close relationship with the Ukrainian Defence Secretary Umerov, Deputy Prime Minister Kubrakov, President Zelensky and many others within their system.
It is important that Israel abides by the law of armed conflict, but in that context I welcome the deployment of these assets, not least to try to locate the British hostages.
The Secretary of State will know that, ultimately, Hamas and Hezbollah are funded and trained by Iran, so what discussions has he had with our new Foreign Secretary about when,
oh when, we will finally declare that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps should be banned?
The IRGC and its position are kept under constant review.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is constantly looking at the region.
He has been out there already and will be weighing up the advantages of things such as being able to have a post in-country against what it would mean to carry out such a ban.
I also know that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  will know how to take that up with the Foreign Secretary.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Martin Docherty-Hughes) , with the International Criminal Court stepping up its work in Gaza and the Government again confirming their surveillance flights over Gaza, will the Government hand over any and all evidence of war crimes to the ICC, whether they are committed by Hamas following the  7 October  atrocities or in the ongoing massacre of Gazan civilians, particularly children, by the Israel Defence Forces?
The easiest way to bring this to an end, as I hinted earlier, would be for Hamas, a terrorist organisation, to release the hostages that they have, to stop firing rockets into Israel in a completely indiscriminate way, which I think the whole House should condemn, and to allow this thing to be brought to a close.
As I have said repeatedly, it is important that Israel should adhere to international humanitarian law.
I will be making that point publicly and have made that point all along to my Israeli counterpart, Minister Gallant.
I wonder why, however, the concern is not about the hostages who are being held and how this situation could be brought to a conclusion much faster if they were released.
I am pleased to hear that contingency planning is taking place.
Would the Secretary of State consider tasking the aircraft carrier to the region as well?
Behind Hamas sits Iran, behind Iran sits Russia, and behind Russia sits China.
We are seeing new alliances forming, and the world’s ability to deal with these challenges is being severely tested, as are our own armed forces, who are now increasingly overstretched.
What conversations is he having now with the Chancellor about increasing the defence spend in the Budget in the spring?
I will go for the last of my right hon.
Friend’s many good questions.
This Government are committed to 2.5%, as conditions allow.
I know that he will be making his own representations to the Chancellor.
I have previously talked about my own belief that we need to reach not just that 2.5% but 3% and higher.
It was reassuring last week, in answer to my question, to hear the Minister for Armed Forces,  the right hon.
Member for Wells (James Heappey)  telling us that UK surveillance flights would not involve the use of intelligence for target acquisition.
I also welcome the Secretary of State talking today about how information that would be helpful to hostage recovery will be passed to the so-called appropriate authorities.
We have now heard two questions about the International Criminal Court.
Will the UK pass any evidence that it gathers of any breaches of international humanitarian law by combatants in Gaza to the ICC?
As the hon.
Gentleman says, that question has been asked, and I have answered it a couple of times.
The intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance—ISR—flights are to look for British hostages and indeed other hostages.
That is the information that will be gathered from those flights.
Of course, if we saw anything else, we would most certainly alert our partners, but the purpose is to find our hostages and bring them home.
We all ultimately want peace in the region, and we all want to see humanitarian aid getting through.
I welcome what my right hon.
Friend has said about HMS Diamond joining HMS Lancaster, because does that not send a signal to Iran that its support for terror groups is not acceptable and must not continue, and that through this action we will prevent further bloodshed in the region?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is important that we send that deterrent message, and it is working.
I have called on all parties not to think that this is an opportunity to get involved and cause further regional escalation, and so far, I am pleased to say that our deterrent has helped to keep a lid on that.
This conflict has already cost over 15,000 Palestinian civilian lives and over 1,200 Israeli lives.
The US Defence Secretary has said: “You replace a tactical victory with a strategic defeat…I have repeatedly made clear to Israel’s leaders that protecting civilians in Gaza is both a moral responsibility and a strategic imperative.”
We know that regional escalation is a real threat.
What will the Secretary of State be doing to work with Arab states and the US to apply pressure on the warring parties to bring an end to this war so that we do not see other countries, including our own and the US, becoming engulfed in a wider regional conflict?
I was actually with Lloyd Austin, the US Defence Secretary, when he spoke those words, I believe, and we agree entirely.
To make it absolutely clear, Israel needs to comply with international humanitarian law.
It needs to go out of its way to warn people when it goes after the terrorists, who use those people as human shields as a matter of routine.
The hon.
Lady rightly asks what we are doing with our Arab partners in the region.
This will be my second visit to the region and I speak to my Arab counterparts all the time.
They have welcomed our deterrents, but they also want us to work with the international community on making sure that, on the following day, when this is complete, the solution is not left to chance as it was before and that we are all working together to bring about a safer, more peaceful middle east for Israel and for Gaza.