I absolutely join my hon.
Friend.
They are the most remarkable people, often operating in very difficult circumstances.
I am very much looking forward to meeting some of them in the region this week.
We have seen increased bombardment in southern Gaza after the pause.
We are also seeing increased violence in the west bank, supported by extremist settler Ministers.
What talks is the Secretary of State having with Israel to stop the increase in settler violence in the west bank?
I certainly will not be pulling my punches when I speak to my Israeli counterparts.
The violence in the west bank is unacceptable and it must be controlled—stopped, in fact.
None of that, in any way, shape or form, separates us from our utter condemnation of how this whole thing was started in the first place with Hamas, but the hon.
Lady is right about that settler violence.
Medical Aid for Palestinians has warned that Israel’s indiscriminate bombing and siege is making it impossible to sustain human life in Gaza.
With 1.8 million civilians displaced and a lack of clean water and sanitation, it is just a matter of time before a cholera outbreak kills many thousands more.
The Secretary of State has been  unequivocal that the main purpose of surveillance is to help find hostages, which is fine, but for the fifth time of asking: if clear evidence is found of breaches of humanitarian law, will the UK Government share that evidence with the International Criminal Court?
The simple answer is that we will always follow international humanitarian law and its requirements.
I want to say, with reference to the aid picture on the ground, that one of the primary reasons for my visit this coming week is to work on ensuring that the international community can get more aid into Gaza, and the United Kingdom will be leading on that point.
I very much thank the Secretary of State and the Government for the stance they have taken.
It is one that I and my constituents very much support, as we do finding a solution.
May I also thank the Government for working tirelessly with partners abroad to bring home British nationals trapped in Gaza?
Will the Secretary of State perhaps provide assurances that surveillance flights will continue to fly over the eastern Mediterranean as long as there are still risks to British nationals remaining in Gaza?
I can certainly provide an assurance that we will always do whatever we are able to do in the circumstances.
During the recent pause, for example, part of the deal was that surveillance flights were not flown, but we would always ensure that we are trying to assist.
In particular, given that this entire episode began with something of a surveillance failure, the UK has always been keen to help; from the very early days of this conflict we have provided additional intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance over the eastern Mediterranean.
What is new now is for that to be over Gaza, relating to the hostages specifically.
It is absolutely right that innocent hostages should be released, and that steps should be taken to release them.
It is absolutely right that those responsible for the crimes of Hamas are held to account in international law.
But why is the Secretary of State so reluctant to give a clear, simple “yes” to the question whether the Government will provide any evidence of war crimes to the International Criminal Court?
Is it because he has already seen such evidence?
Is it because Israel has asked him to promise not to share such evidence?
What is the reason?
I have already said that the United Kingdom is bound by, and would always observe, international humanitarian law.
I beg to move,