He dedicated his

life to those in need: the sick, the poor, the young, and the elderly.
Reverend Lawrence's impact cannot be understated and his work in

service of others left a lasting mark.
Over the years, Calvary Episcopal Church has undergone numerous

restorations and expansions, including the construction of a parish

hall and other facilities that have supported its mission.
The current

church building, completed in 1921, was designed by the renowned Gothic

architect Ralph Adams Cram and stands as a testament to the strength of

faith and service of the Calvary Episcopal Church congregation.
Today,

the church continues to be a beacon of faith and service in the

community.
Calvary Episcopal Church is and will remain a model of

inclusion and benevolence.
Calvary Episcopal Church endures today because the mission of the

church shall never die.
Faith, service, duty, and humility continue to

shape the congregation of Calvary Episcopal Church.
Romans 12:1 tells

us, ``I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye

present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God,

which is your reasonable service.''
The Lord calls upon his people to

live their service to him.
In doing so, the faithful heal the sick,

clothe and provide safe harbor for the poor, and ensure hope need not

be a luxury for those who have much at the expense of those who have

little.
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and

me, along with the more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second

Congressional District in recognizing and honoring Calvary Episcopal

Church on its 160th anniversary.
May their faith and actions continue

to inspire others and make positive change in the Southwest Georgia

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE INAUGURAL CLASS OF THE BETHEL HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC HALL OF

FAME

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

members of the Inaugural Class of the Bethel High School Athletic Hall

of Fame.
The honorees have distinguished themselves for their

commitment to sportsmanship and their contributions to the sports

community.
To acknowledge their many accomplishments, the Bethel High

School Athletic Hall of Fame will have an Induction Ceremony on

Saturday, August 31, 2024.
Bethel High School, home to the Bruins, is an institution that has a

rich legacy of success with its athletic programs.
Throughout its

fifty-five-year existence, the school has fielded numerous teams that

have successfully won district and state championships in multiple

sports.
In addition, several former students have gone on to make

significant contributions as collegiate and professional athletes.
Mr. Speaker, the inaugural class of the Bethel Athletic Hall of Fame

includes figures who have, simply put, helped Bethel High School

establish its identity.
Inductee Allen Iverson, a 2016 Basketball Hall

of Fame Inductee, was a member of the Bethel basketball team.
As the

starting point guard, he joined Inductee Tony Rutland on the 1993 State

Championship Basketball team.
Mr. Iverson played on for Georgetown

University en route to his Hall of Fame Professional Basketball career.
Mr. Rutland went on to be a successful collegiate basketball player

with Wake Forest University, where the Men's Basketball team won back-

to-back Atlantic Coast Conference Championships in the 1996 and 1997

seasons.
Inductee Mike Bailey coached the Boys' Varsity Basketball team

from 1985-1994.
He coached the team to regular season, tournament and

playoff championships, including the 1993 AAA State Championship.
Bethel's Football team has also been revered in the City of Hampton

for its sustained excellence on the gridiron.
Coached by Inductee

Dennis Kozlowski, the program won three state championships during his

twenty-five-year tenure.
Inductee Mike Dunn was the starting

quarterback and safety on the 1974 AAA State Championship team.
Inductee Allen Iverson was the starting quarterback, defensive back and

kick returner on the 1992 Division 5 championship team.