Coached by Inductee

Dennis Kozlowski, the program won three state championships during his

twenty-five-year tenure.
Inductee Mike Dunn was the starting

quarterback and safety on the 1974 AAA State Championship team.
Inductee Allen Iverson was the starting quarterback, defensive back and

kick returner on the 1992 Division 5 championship team.
Mr. Speaker, the Bethel Track and Field program has enjoyed

tremendous success for several generations.
Coached by Inductee Eddie

Williams, the program amassed fourteen state championships between the

boys' and girls' teams.
One of his most prominent athletes was Inductee

Francena McCorory, who broke national indoor track records in the 300-

meter and 400-meter races.
Ms McCorory later won an Olympic Gold Medal

as a member of the 4x400 Relay team during the Games of the XXX

Olympiad in London, England.
Inductee Glenn ``Skeeter'' Heath, II, was a standout member of the

boys' golf team as a student-athlete at Bethel High School.
He won the

Group AAA State High School Individual Championship en route to being

named an All-American on the collegiate level at East Tennessee State

University.
He later enjoyed a professional golf career on the PGA

Tour.
Inductee Stephen Forbes was the first State Championship wrestler in

Bethel High School history.
He went on to wrestle on the collegiate

level with the College of William and Mary.
Mr. Speaker, lastly, Liberty Baptist Church, a prominent church in

the Bethel neighborhood, is also being inducted for its various

contributions to the Bethel High School Athletic program.
Mr. Speaker, as the Inductees' family, friends and supporters gather

for the Induction Ceremony, I join them in thanking them for all they

have done for the Bethel High School family, the City of Hampton, and

their legions of fans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST NUCLEAR TESTS

HON.
DINA TITUS

Ms. TITUS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to mark the 15th annual International

Day Against Nuclear Tests on August 29, and to commend the Republic of

Kazakhstan for its role in working collaboratively with the United

States to pursue nuclear disarmament and our shared nonproliferation

goals.
In doing so, our two countries have preserved peace, stability,

and a world free from the ever-present threat of nuclear conflict.
When the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, it left behind 35,000

nuclear weapons at sites across the Eurasian landmass.
With thousands

of nuclear-armed ICBMs in places like Belarus and Ukraine, the newly-

formed Republic of Kazakhstan inherited the world's fourth-largest

nuclear arsenal, which was also home of the Semipalatinsk nuclear test

site.
From Semipalatinsk's establishment in 1946 to its decommission in

1995, Soviet authorities carried out 468 nuclear tests at the test

site.
The total impact of these tests between 1949 and 1963 was 2,500

times more powerful than the atomic bomb the U.S. dropped on Hiroshima.
The toxic radioactive fallout these tests yielded caused irreparable

damage to more than 1.3 million people in Kazakhstan and severe

ecological harm to the area surrounding the test site.
In 1989, before the dissolution of the Soviet Union, anti-nuclear war

activists in Kazakhstan established the Nevada-Semipalatinsk Movement.
This grassroots initiative supported by victims of Nevada's own nuclear

legacy sought the closure of Semipalatinsk and the cessation of nuclear

testing.
Of the 18 planned detonations in 1989, 11 were stopped thanks

to the group's committed advocacy and resilience.
The Nevada-

Semipalatinsk Movement underscores the bond and shared history between

Nevadans and Kazakhs.
Despite any strategic advantage that retention of the Soviet Union's

arsenal may have provided to Kazakhstan, its leadership understood the

potential political, humanitarian, and environmental ramifications of

its development.
On August 29, 1991, Kazakhstan made the historic and

noble decision to close the Semipalatinsk test site.
In its place, the

National Nuclear Center of Kazakhstan was established to assist in

eliminating the infrastructure for the storage and use of nuclear

weapons.
It would also provide scientific and technical support for the

peaceful use of atomic energy.