He attended Our Lady of Victory Academy in

Plattsburgh where he played varsity basketball, football, and baseball.
After graduation, Donald enlisted in the United States Army in 1962.
He

achieved the rank of Staff Sergeant during his six-year career, serving

at Fort Bragg, Fort Benning, Fort Jackson, and on the Korean Peninsula.
Upon the culmination of his military service in 1968, First Sergeant

Yetman was awarded the Army Service Ribbon, the Navy/Marine Corps

Outstanding Performance Defense Ribbon with three Bronze Stars, the Air

Force Commendation Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Air

Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal, and multiple Army Commendation

Medals.
After his honorable discharge from the U.S. Army, Donald served in

the National Guard while also working as a U.S. Postmaster in East

Greenbush, New York.
He supervised delivery service and played a role

in implementing the ``Zip-plus-four'' system in New York State (NYS)

while increasing mail efficiency in the city.
After twenty-three years,

he retired from both positions and was honorably named a First Sergeant

of the National Guard, earning the NYS Military Commendation Medal, the

NYS Exercise Support Ribbon, the NYS Humane Service Medal, and multiple

NYS Aid to Civil Authority Medals.
Donald married his wife Ann Ellen Bernier in 1966 and proudly raised

their three sons, Robert, Aaron, and Peter.
A stalwart member of his

community, Donald joined the East Greenbush Fire Company Couse Corners

Station, the Elks Lodge, the Knights of Columbus, local Little League

and Pop Warner teams, and served as Chairman of Boy Scouts Troop 54.
Donald enjoyed hunting, reading, and watching football games with his

family.
Most of all, he loved to watch his son's automobile races.
First Sergeant Donald Yetman's dedication and service to the United

States is truly remarkable.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am

honored to recognize his extraordinary life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 160TH ANNIVERSARY OF CALVARY EPISCOPAL CHURCH

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the 160th

anniversary of Calvary Episcopal Church in Americus, Georgia.
Established in 1864 during the Civil War, this historic church has been

a cornerstone of faith and community in Southwest Georgia.
The

congregation celebrated this momentous occasion on Wednesday, August

28, 2024, in Americus.
The history of the Episcopal Church in Americus began in 1858, with

the first service officiated by Bishop Stephen Elliott.
Despite the

bloody and bitter challenges of the Civil War, the parish was

reestablished in 1864 as Calvary Episcopal Church, symbolizing hope and

resilience during a time of great turmoil.
Rising from the ashes of

hate and division--not succumbing to fear, anger, and distrust--is not

only part of the legacy of Calvary Episcopal Church, but a hallmark of

faith and service to the Lord.
Overcoming hardship makes the faithful

stronger, equipping one with the full armor of God.
Reverend James Bolan Lawrence, who served as rector from 1905 to

1947, played a pivotal role in the church's development and in the

spread of the Episcopal faith throughout the region.
Reverend Lawrence

founded several churches across Southwest Georgia and was recognized as

a saint by the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia in 1999 for his

extraordinary contributions.
Reverend Lawrence spearheaded the

construction of the present church and had a significant impact on the

church members he served and the community at-large.
He dedicated his

life to those in need: the sick, the poor, the young, and the elderly.
Reverend Lawrence's impact cannot be understated and his work in

service of others left a lasting mark.
Over the years, Calvary Episcopal Church has undergone numerous

restorations and expansions, including the construction of a parish

hall and other facilities that have supported its mission.