Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing this milestone for my dear

friends, Larry and Betty Deason and wishing them a happy 50th

anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BURBANK TOURNAMENT OF ROSES

ASSOCIATION AND THE 110TH ANNIVERSARY OF BURBANK, CALIFORNIA'S FIRST

FLOAT ENTERED INTO THE ROSE PARADE

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 75th

anniversary of the Burbank Tournament of Roses Association and 110th

anniversary of the City of Burbank's first float in the Pasadena

Tournament of Roses Parade.
The City of Burbank has been represented in the Rose Parade since

1914, when the City

of Burbank, the Burbank Chamber of Commerce, and other civic

organizations entered Burbank's first float.
That float, entitled

``Goddess of Plenty,'' featured an intricate dragon's head and a large

cornucopia filled with assorted vegetables, and was awarded a silver

cup trophy.
Since that time, Burbank has participated in the parade

intermittently, including a few years where decorated automobiles were

entered instead of floats.
From 1935 to 1940, the Burbank city schools

took responsibility for the floats, and after a few years' hiatus

during World War II, the city sponsored floats, including an Isabella

Coleman-designed float, made by professional float building companies,

in 1947 and 1948.
When the City Council decided that funds would be better used for

infrastructure and announced that Burbank would not participate in the

1949 Rose Parade, Burbank resident Esther Klein led the effort to

privately finance a float.
After gaining widespread community support

for a hometown-built float, Mrs Klein brought a self-designed model of

the proposed entry and exploratory plans for a permanent Burbank

Tournament of Roses committee to the Burbank City Council, and

subsequently received the council's approval.
Thanks to the very first

and newly elected Burbank Tournament of Roses Association President

Esther Klein's stellar leadership, and against many odds, the

association members and the Burbank community raised funds and

mobilized volunteers to design, build, and decorate the 1949 float

entitled ``First Love,'' which won First Prize for its division.
Over 75 years, Burbank's float has won thirty-three major awards

including three Sweepstakes Awards for Best Float Entry.
Burbank's

annual float entry in this emblematic New Year's Day tradition is a

product of the unwavering dedication, hard work and local civic pride

demonstrated by the Burbank Tournament of Roses Association and

countless other civic organizations and community volunteers.
I ask all Members to join me today in recognizing the 75th

anniversary of the Burbank Tournament of Roses Association and the

110th anniversary of Burbank's first float in the Pasadena Tournament

of Roses Parade.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE BOERNE ALL-STARS AND THEIR HISTORIC RUN IN THE 2024

LITTLE LEAGUE WORLD SERIES

HON.
CHIP ROY-

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Boerne All-

Stars and their historic run in the 2024 Little League World Series.
After going undefeated in local and regional games all summer long,

the Boerne All-Stars punched their ticket to Williamsport,

Pennsylvania.
Representing the Southwest Region in the Little League World Series

this year for the first time ever, the Boerne Little Leaguers came in

fourth place in this year's tournament and came out of the winner's

bracket undefeated.
Led by Coach Jonathan Collins, Coach Bert Munoz, and Team Manager

Justin Newson, the 12-strong team showed the entire world the grit and

excellence that Boerne has to offer.
This team is truly exceptional.
One teammate, Kole Newson, underwent

open heart surgery four years ago and still showed out to display what

makes Texas so great.
This entire team is full of amazing players.
They

went

undefeated in the winner's bracket and they all should be proud of

their efforts.