One teammate, Kole Newson, underwent

open heart surgery four years ago and still showed out to display what

makes Texas so great.
This entire team is full of amazing players.
They

went

undefeated in the winner's bracket and they all should be proud of

their efforts.
All these boys, Kaleb Christ, Jett Matthews, Doc Mogford, Gray

Collins, Dylan Burke, Aiden Munoz, Gage Steubing, Kole Newson, Julian

Hurst, Ben Burkhart, Cooper Hastings, and Caden Guffey have performed

an amazing feat.
The coaches, parents, and everyone in Boerne who

mentored these boys, built them up, and supported them have done a

great job and should be proud of what these boys did.
I extend my heartfelt congratulations to the Boerne All-Stars; you

have made all of Texas proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LOVELADY FAMILY AWARDED ALABAMA'S OUTSTANDING YOUNG

FARM FAMILY

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House's attention

today to recognize Whit and Amanda Lovelady and their children

Annagrace and John Luke for being named Alabama's Outstanding Young

Farm Family.
The Talladega County farmers received the honor during the

Alabama Farmers Federation Farm & Land Conference on August 3rd in

Montgomery, Alabama.
The Lovelady family raise cattle and hay and have built their farm

from the ground up over the last decade.
They annually bale 10,000

rolls of hay while managing Angus, Charolais and commercial cattle

herds at Cedar Roost Ranch.
The Loveladys make every acre of their farm

count.
In addition to the cattle and hay, they custom bale and

fertilize fields for their neighbors, sell freezer beef and pork and

use a forestry mulcher to make land more productive.
These young

farmers are working diligently to expand these operations.
Their two young children have seen Whit and Amanda model a love for

farming and are already deeply invested in life on the farm.
Whit was

influenced by his late grandfather Windle Batchelor and Amanda by her

late father O.E. Williams, Jr.

Their passion for agriculture runs deep, and they have encouraged

younger generations to be involved in Alabama's No.
1 industry.
They

are leaders in the Alabama Farmers Federation and their community.
Whit

also serves as Talladega County Cattlemen's Association President.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing this young family on this

great honor.
Congratulations to the Loveladys.