Title: CELEBRATING 60 YEARS OF R.A.I.N.; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
135

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 60 YEARS OF R.A.I.N.

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate R.A.I.N.

(Regional Aid for Interim Needs) on providing incredible service to the

Bronx, and New York City, for 60 years.
R.A.I.N. started from humble

beginnings as a home attendant service for elderly individuals who were

being discharged from hospitals, who also lacked proper home care.
Since then, it has expanded into a multi-service agency providing many

crucial services to those in need throughout the Bronx and Manhattan

including senior centers, home delivered meals, case worker visits

among other irreplaceable activities.
They have also partnered with the

Bob and Dolores Hope foundation to foster Cucina Dolores, a community

based mobile meals program for homeless and hungry persons in the South

Bronx.
As we celebrate this momentous occasion, we also remember and pay

homage to the life of Beatrice Castiglia-Catullo, affectionately known

as Bea.
Beatrice, who passed away in 2018, was the esteemed founder

R.A.I.N. A nurse by training, she worked tirelessly for her patients

and later on for those who benefited from R.A.I.N.'s services.
R.A.I.N.

would not have reached this milestone without the decade's long

dedication and commitment from Beatrice and the rest of their

outstanding team.
In recent years R.A.I.N. has provided additional valuable programs

and resources in the Bronx community.
They have begun providing

services to Alzheimer caregivers acknowledging the significant toll

that the horrific disease has not only on those suffering from it but

also those caring foi them as well.
R.A.I.N. sponsors two housing

facilities in the district where our seniors live comfortably and

affordably.
Finally, R.A.I.N. runs 17 centers across the borough where

their critical work takes place.
Thank you to President and CEO Dr. Anderson Torres for continuing

Beatrice's essential work in our community.
Congratulations to every

member of R.A.I.N. and thank you to them for their service.
I look

forward to another 60 years of R.A.I.N.'s community service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SHANNON W. SWING ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE FEDERAL

AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate

Shannon W. Swing on his retirement from the Federal Aviation

Administration.
Shannon faithfully served this institution for 32 years, first in

Anchorage, Alaska, then in Salt Lake City, Utah and finally in Boise,

Idaho.
With his calm demeanor, Shannon quickly became a leader in the

organization, training new employees and being a steadfast presence in

the tower.
His contributions to ensuring a safe airspace were invaluable to

providing efficient and secure travel for passengers across the country

and world.
We thank Shannon for his dedication and congratulate him on

his well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HAPPY 98TH BIRTHDAY TO JOHN F. WELSH

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John F. Welsh--a World War II

combat veteran and American patriot who celebrates his 98th birthday on

September 4th, 2024.
John Welsh, better known as ``Jack,'' was born in

Macon, Georgia and grew up along the Gulf Coast from New Orleans to

Pensacola, Florida.
Jack never had a doubt that he was called to serve.
Upon graduating

high school on June 6, 1944--the same day allied forces landed on the

beaches of Normandy--Jack immediately spoke to his parents about

enlisting in the United States Army.
Having watched World War II progress through his high school years

and on the front pages of the newspapers he himself delivered, Jack was

elated that his parents agreed, and he entered basic training in the

fall of 1944.