On August 29, 1991, Kazakhstan made the historic and

noble decision to close the Semipalatinsk test site.
In its place, the

National Nuclear Center of Kazakhstan was established to assist in

eliminating the infrastructure for the storage and use of nuclear

weapons.
It would also provide scientific and technical support for the

peaceful use of atomic energy.
In 1992, Kazakhstan ratified the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty

(START 1) and a few years later, all of Kazakhstan's 104 ICBMs were

safely removed and destroyed.
The Kazakh government doubled-down on its

commitment to global peace, security, and nonproliferation by becoming

a party to the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 1993,

a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency in 1994, and a

cosigner of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty in 1996.
Meanwhile, in partnership with the United States, Kazakhstan removed

1,322 pounds of highly enriched uranium from the Ulba Metallurgical

Plant under the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program.
As

part of this program, our two countries took monumental steps to remove

residual materials and technologies related to weapons of mass

destruction in Kazakhstan, signaling a major shift in the global

security and political paradigm and building momentum that catalyzed

the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
In 2010, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution

calling for an International Day Against Nuclear Tests.
Thus, August

29th was selected to commend and recognize Kazakhstan's honorable

decision to close the Semipalatinsk test site and renounce nuclear

weapons.
With Cold War-style nuclear saber-rattling becoming the new norm, it

is important, on this International Day Against Nuclear Tests, to

highlight the successful steps taken by the United States and

Kazakhstan to mitigate the dangers of nuclear weapons, institute global

nonproliferation regimes, and adhere to international norms around

nuclear testing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAMES &

PAMELA REID

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to congratulate James and

Pamela Reid, two lifelong farmers who were recently Inducted into the

Michigan Farmers Hall of Fame.
James and Pamela began their journey in agriculture after acquiring a

modest farm in 1978, which since then has transformed into the highly

productive Reid Dairy Farm.
Under their management, the farm expanded

from 120 to 900 acres, supporting 300 cows.
Their focus on productivity

and employing new technology has significantly enhanced milk

production, leading to an impressive 95 pounds per cow all while

maintaining superior milk quality standards.
Their leadership extends beyond the fields and into civic engagement,

where James' roles as Grant Township Supervisor and Chair of the St.

Clair County Farmland Preservation Board reflect his deep commitment to

our community.
These positions allowed him to influence local

agricultural policies positively and advocate for the preservation and

sustainability of farming in the region.
Moreover, the Reid's proactive approach included substantial upgrades

to their farming infrastructure, adding a modern barn and updating

milking systems.
These improvements boosted efficiency and served as a

showcase for responsible agriculture.
Throughout his career, James has also contributed his expertise to

several boards, including the MMPA Dairy Co-Op and the United Dairy

Industry of Michigan.
His leadership as President of the UDIM and his

active participation on the Michigan Dairy Market Committee have been

crucial in promoting the interests of local dairy farmers and

influencing industry standards at both the state and national levels.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating James

and Pamela Reid on their induction into the Michigan Farmers Hall of

Fame.
Their commitment to excellence, ability to adapt to change, and

commitment to their community should serve as an inspiration to us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2024 YOUNGSTOWN WARREN REGIONAL CHAMBER SALUTE TO

BUSINESS AWARD RECIPIENTS

HON.
MICHAEL A. RULLI

Mr. RULLI.