Jack never had a doubt that he was called to serve.
Upon graduating

high school on June 6, 1944--the same day allied forces landed on the

beaches of Normandy--Jack immediately spoke to his parents about

enlisting in the United States Army.
Having watched World War II progress through his high school years

and on the front pages of the newspapers he himself delivered, Jack was

elated that his parents agreed, and he entered basic training in the

fall of 1944.
By October, Jack had crossed the country and the Pacific Ocean to

land in the Philippines, and upon completion of his mission there,

served in the occupation of Japan.
After his years of service, Jack was awarded the Asiatic Pacific

Theater Campaign Ribbon with two Bronze Stars, the Good Conduct Medal,

the Philippine Liberation Campaign Ribbon with one Bronze Star, the

Army of Occupation Ribbon, the Victory Ribbon, and three Overseas

Service Bars.
After discharge, Jack enrolled in Duke University's Forestry school

where he earned both a Bachelor's and Master's Degree in Forestry.
He

also met the love of his life, Mary Ann Casimes, with whom he later

married and raised a family.
We thank Jack for his years of service and wish him a happy 98th

birthday.
God bless.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHANNELL WILKINS

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career

and retirement of Channell Wilkins, President and CEO of O.C.E.A.N.,

Inc., and his commitment to bettering the lives of communities across

New Jersey throughout his years of service.
A public servant most of his life, Channell has worked at the

Municipal, County and State levels before serving in the Federal

government as the Associate Commissioner of the Office of Head Start at

the Department of Health and Human Services.
His principled work has

always been driven by his innate goal to improve the communities in

which he served.
His desire to serve has also been borne out in finding

new and innovative ways to solve problems--bettering communities here

across the state.
While at O.C.E.A.N., Inc. Channell was also active in many

organizations like Planned Parenthood of North, Central and Southern

New Jersey and Jobs for America's Graduates New Jersey.
Throughout all

public service is seen as a way to better one's community.
As President and CEO, Channell provided direction to frontline staff

that interfaced with the public on a daily basis and reflected the

mission and nature of the organization throughout New Jersey.
His

leadership led to many programs that improved the lives of so many

people living in Ocean, Atlantic, and Cape May Counties, including Head

Start and Early Head Start, Home Energy, Affordable Housing, Housing

Counseling, and Intensive Case Management Services programs--all of

which are designed to assist low income people and families across the

state.
Channell embodies the spirit of service that makes me proud to

represent people like him in New Jersey.
We are lucky to have him as a

member of our community and I wish him the best of luck as he endeavors

on the next chapter of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FIRST SERGEANT DONALD E. YETMAN

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Army

veteran First Sergeant Donald Ernest Yetman.
Donald was born on November 1, 1942, in Little Compton, Rhode Island,

and raised in

Plattsburgh, New York.
He attended Our Lady of Victory Academy in

Plattsburgh where he played varsity basketball, football, and baseball.
After graduation, Donald enlisted in the United States Army in 1962.
He

achieved the rank of Staff Sergeant during his six-year career, serving

at Fort Bragg, Fort Benning, Fort Jackson, and on the Korean Peninsula.