As the hon.
Gentleman mentions Jimmy Lai, let me say once again that we call on the Hong Kong authorities to release immediately British national Jimmy Lai, who is a significant priority for this Government.
That is why the Prime Minister raised the matter with the President of China last week
and I raised it with the Foreign Minister of China.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: this does need a close look by the new Government.
We are just over four months old, we are looking at it and we will come forward with proposals shortly.
What diplomatic steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help secure the release of hostages held by Hamas in Gaza.
Ensuring the safe release of all hostages, including British national Emily Damari and three other hostages with strong UK links, remains a top priority for this Government.
We support the efforts of negotiators and call on the parties to return to negotiations.
We continue to work alongside allies and partners in the region towards securing hostage releases.
Negotiations remain the best chance to get hostages, cruelly detained by Hamas, home to their loved ones.
I relayed these points to the Israeli deputy Foreign Minister yesterday.
The horrors endured by the 97 Israelis and foreign nationals held hostage by Hamas terrorists in Gaza for over 13 months are unthinkable.
Given that the efforts to secure their release have not yet been successful, what further steps is the United Kingdom taking to bring home Emily Damari, a 28-year-old British citizen, and the rest of the captives?
I am sure that the whole House will join me in saying to those families that we, as a House and a Government, will do absolutely everything we can.
The horrors of being a hostage family are unbearable, and we have them in our mind each and every day.
We are disappointed that talks to secure hostage releases appear to have stalled for the moment.
We are urging all parties to return to the table.
A deal remains the best prospect and we hope to work with our allies to see that come through.
On Friday, on account of a negative vote cast by a permanent member, the Security Council failed to adopt a text put forward by its 10 elected members calling for an immediate, unconditional and permanent ceasefire in Gaza and demanding the release of all hostages.
That is extremely disappointing, as it condemns thousands of people in the middle east to ongoing conflict and moves no further forward to securing the release of the hostages held by Hamas in Gaza, although I and many of my constituents welcome the fact that the UK voted for that resolution.
What will the Minister’s next steps be in achieving greater global agreement on securing peace, a ceasefire and the release of the hostages?
This Government will continue to do everything we can to press for a ceasefire, the release of all hostages and a reduction in violence in the middle east.
The Foreign Secretary discussed these matters in the G7 and I discussed them with my Israeli counterpart yesterday, and we will continue to take all steps across a wide range of different conversations to try to advance the ceasefire that we so desperately need.