In October, the Israeli Knesset passed two laws relating to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency: the law for cessation of UNRWA activities in the state of Israel; and the law for cessation of UNRWA activities.
They will take effect on  28 January , and the consequence will be preventing aid distribution in Gaza and the prevention of primary care, education and refuse collection in the west bank.
Last week, my Committee was in Palestine and Jordan.
There is huge concern that if that legislation takes effect, it will breach numerous international laws and have a catastrophic effect on the humanitarian and security situation in the region.
What conversations have Ministers had with their Israeli counterparts to prevent that implementation, and what are they doing with the international community to protect a UN organisation?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that and to her Committee for its work on this important issue.
The UK Government have been absolutely  clear that UNRWA is the only agency that can deliver aid at the scale and depth required in the middle of this humanitarian emergency.
My hon.
Friend asked about representations being made by the UK Government.
I have made those representations myself, including at the UN General Assembly.
The Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Hamish Falconer) , made those representations yesterday.
The Foreign Secretary has made them a number of times, including to his Israeli counterpart.
It is clear that the restrictions on the operation of UNRWA must not be implemented by the Israeli Government.
The humanitarian situation in the middle east is made worse by arms supply from within and beyond the region.
The Liberal Democrats have a long-standing policy that the UK Government should not be exporting arms to Israel or to the Occupied Palestinian Territories given that they were referred to in the FCDO’s last human rights report.
Will the FCDO extend the number of arms export licences denied to Israel by the UK?
I gently encourage the hon.
Member to look at the action taken by the UK Government some weeks ago to suspend a number of arms licences.
We believe that was important because of the risk towards breaking international humanitarian law.
The UK Government take their responsibilities in that regard very seriously indeed.
The root cause of so much of the terrible humanitarian suffering in the middle east today is the regime in Tehran, fuelling the Houthis, Hamas and Hezbollah and brutally repressing its own people while bailing out Putin’s war machine, and even plotting to assassinate individuals based in the UK.
Beyond sanctions with Iran—which we all support and successive Governments have put in place over the years—can the Minister tell us, on behalf of the Foreign Secretary, what exactly is the comprehensive plan to start dealing with this repressive regime that is causing so much brutality across the middle east?
We are deeply concerned about the destabilising impact of the Iranian regime within the region and beyond.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned a number of cases where we can see that impact clearly.
I would also underline that the truly devastating humanitarian crisis in Yemen is very much connected to Iranian backing of the Houthis.
We have repeatedly raised our concerns about this bilaterally and multilaterally.
We are clear that we need a strong voice as a UK Government on these matters, and that is exactly what we are delivering.
What recent steps his Department has taken to deliver the ECHO 2 programme.
The ECHO 2 telephone contract for telephones in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is 79% completed, but is on track for completion in  January 2025.
Ministers and officials have been working day and night to fix the procurement mistakes of the previous Government.
The ECHO 2 programme is crucial to delivering the new global communications network for the FCDO.
The Minister mentioned that it is due for completion in January 2025, but will it remain within budget?
What are the plans to ensure that it delivers its full technical and financial benefits?
Does the Minister think that any additional support or adjustments will be needed to ensure its delivery?
With increased scrutiny and hard-working Ministers and officials, we will reach all targets.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman with more details on his specific question.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to demonstrate leadership on climate change.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to demonstrate leadership on climate change.
I was proud to join Ministers across Government to show UK leadership on the climate and nature crisis at COP29.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister announced our ambitious 2035 emissions reduction target, and I reaffirmed our commitment to the global south through £11.6 billion in climate finance.
At COP29, under a Labour Government, the UK reclaimed its position as a global leader on climate action.
We recognise now that our security and prosperity hinge on addressing the crisis.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the progress made on climate finance, while acknowledging that there is much more to do to keep us on track on that road map and to keep 1.5° alive?
It was important that our Prime Minister was the only G7 Prime Minister to attend COP.
My hon.
Friend will recall that, last year, the Prime Minister at the time did not attend.
It is hugely important that we reach the £300 billion for climate finance, which will help the global south get to clean energy.
We hope that our global clean power alliance will be able to work with them, as they now have the money to do it.[Official Report,  22 January 2025 ; Vol. 760, c. 6WC.]
(Correction)
The world’s forests are the lungs of the earth, but we are losing them at an alarming rate.
An area the size of Azerbaijan, where COP29 was hosted, is destroyed every year.
Will the Foreign Secretary explain what the Government are doing to preserve the world’s forests and to support those who protect them?
I was very pleased to speak at COP on the issue of forests and to join inspirational indigenous leaders on that subject.
That is why we found £3 billion for nature, of which £1.5 billion is dedicated to work on forests.
Whether he has made representations to his counterpart in Georgia on reported irregularities in parliamentary elections held in that country on 26 October 2024.
Ahead of the elections on  11 October , I expressed my concerns directly to Foreign Minister Darchiashvili about pressure on civil society and stigmatisation of minorities ahead of the parliamentary elections.
Following the elections, I publicly expressed support for the preliminary findings of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe in relation to the election.
I called on the Georgian authorities to investigate all irregularities and reverse their declining commitment to an inclusive and open democracy.