COP29 concluded with a deal that, while welcome, leaves much to be desired.
I must stress that we need bolder, more decisive action if we are to face the greatest challenge of our time: the climate crisis.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman’s heart is in the right place and has been for many years.
We first met in the run-up to COP15 in 2009, and I express my thanks to him for his staunch leadership in the intervening years.
I express Lib Dem support for a brave programme of action going forward and our willingness to work with his Department to help the UK step up and seize this opportunity for climate leadership.
While we welcome the Prime Minister’s commitment to ambitious emissions targets for 2035, commitments alone are not enough.
Immediate action is needed to insulate homes, reduce energy costs and ensure that no one has to choose between heating and eating.
The delay to Labour’s warm homes plan until spring 2025 is unacceptable when millions of people, including 1.2 million pensioners, face a cold and unaffordable winter due to the cut in the winter fuel allowance.
In my South Cotswolds constituency and all across the UK, we have seen at first hand the devastating effects of climate change, and never more so than over the last few days, with floods and storms becoming more frequent and severe.
Towns and villages in my constituency, such as Purton, Great Somerford and Cirencester, have been severely affected by flooding, and we need urgent action now to mitigate climate change and help our communities adapt to the likely impacts now and in the future.
I associate myself with the thanks already expressed to the brave men and women of our emergency services in the aftermath of Storm Bert.
Climate leadership must prioritise solutions that protect communities and restore nature.
Natural flood defences, such as wetlands— You have used your two minutes.
My apologies—I thought I had five minutes.
The Whips need to be giving you better instruction.
May I finish with a question?
Will the Secretary of State commit to including natural flood defences as a central part of the £5.2 billion flood defence spending to ensure that communities like those in the South Cotswolds are better protected from the worsening impacts of climate change while addressing biodiversity loss?