I look forward to meeting Mr el-Fattah’s mother later on today.
I reassure my hon.
Friend personally that I share his determination and resolve to see Alaa reunited with his family, and I think their love and dedication to him is obvious to many parliamentarians whom they have met and campaigned with.
My hon.
Friend will understand that with the terrible situation in Gaza, it is important that this Government continue to speak to our Egyptian friends, who obviously have real proximity to Gaza.
I understand the strength of feeling, and that is why the Prime Minister has raised this and I have raised this on successive occasions.
Alaa is a dual national, and we will continue to lobby on his behalf.
I fully support the call for Mr el-Fattah’s release, but in the same area, Ryan Cornelius has spent 16 years illegally held by the United Arab Emirates, much of it in solitary confinement.
The Secretary of State says that he will pursue these cases rigorously, but when he went to the UAE recently, he did not raise the case of Ryan Cornelius.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that the situation of Ryan Cornelius has been raised with the UAE, and officials continue to provide consular access to Mr Cornelius and Mr Ridley and are in contact with their families at this time.
It is a serious case; we are absolutely aware of it, and the UAE knows that we are very concerned.
I completely understand and appreciate what the Foreign Secretary has said about maintaining a relationship with Egypt because of the issue in Gaza, but the reality is that Mr el-Fattah’s family has suffered enough, and President Sisi will move only if there is an economic threat.
Therefore, after the Foreign Secretary meets the family tomorrow, can I ask him to contact the President’s office to make absolutely clear that our economic relationship will suffer unless this British citizen is released?
The right hon.
Gentleman should be reassured that I spoke to the Egyptian Foreign Minister yesterday and said to him that I was meeting Mrs el-Fattah today.
I urged him to look at what parliamentarians are saying about this case, which is of huge concern, and pressed him to do more.
We have continued to do that with the Egyptians.
It is obviously sensitive because of the situation in Gaza, but I do not think the Egyptians are in any doubt about how seriously this case is taken by the British system, the Government and this Parliament.
The all-party parliamentary group on arbitrary detention and hostage affairs has been hearing evidence from UK nationals who are being, or have been, detained.
We were privileged to hear from Alaa’s mother just this  morning.
An oft-repeated concern is that if a UK national finds themselves in that awful situation, they are essentially on their own compared with other nationals.
Does the Minister recognise that depiction, and if he does not, what can he point to as a unique advantage of having a British passport for someone who finds themselves arbitrarily detained?
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman has got some problem with having a British passport, but I have no such problem.
I am proud to be a citizen of this great country, and we have some outstanding diplomats and officials in the FCDO.
Of course, we recognised in opposition that there are issues in this area, which is why we have said that we will introduce a special representative to work with hostage families.
Alaa’s friends and family, whom I have the privilege of representing as my constituents, just want their brother, uncle and son home safe.
Previously, the Foreign Secretary—who has worked hard on this issue and, as he says, has raised it with the Egyptians—has talked about what we could do if the Egyptians will not restore consular access.
They still have not done that, so could the Foreign Secretary update us?
I know this House speaks as one in standing and demanding that Alaa be freed and able to come home to his family for this Christmas, but what more can and will the Foreign Secretary do if the Egyptians will not restore consular access for the family?
My hon.
Friend has campaigned diligently on the family’s behalf.
She will know that the Egyptians do not accept Mr el-Fattah’s dual nationality—that is an issue between us—and it is for that reason that they deny consular access.
Currently, access is through  Mr el-Fattah’s lawyer.
I am urging the Egyptians to understand that he got his citizenship in the usual way, just like other members of his family.
There was no conspiracy on the part of the state in the way that Mr el-Fattah got that citizenship, and I continue to press them on that very issue, which would allow him to have the consular access that he deserves.