What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in the middle east.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in the middle east.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is catastrophic.
The UK’s recent vote for the UN Security Council resolution on Gaza has already been mentioned.
It called for a huge scale-up in aid across Gaza.
We need that aid access, and restrictions on aid are unacceptable.
The International Development Committee heard testimony from Nizam Mamode, a surgeon who has recently returned from the Nasser hospital in Gaza.
He described Israeli drones picking off injured children after bombings.
His account echoed an October New York Times report, which cited 44 doctors, nurses and paramedics who witnessed numerous cases of pre-pubescent children being shot in the head or chest during the ongoing conflict in Gaza.
What steps are the Government taking to prevent a genocide in Gaza?
We have heard a number of deeply concerning reports about developments in Gaza.
I know that has also been the case for the Select Committee, as my hon.
Friend mentioned.
The UK Government’s position could not be clearer: international law, including international humanitarian law, must be held to, and that covers in particular the operations of healthcare workers.
We pay tribute to them operating in such difficult circumstances.
As we have been hearing, the situation in Gaza—especially northern Gaza—is dire, with the UN anticipating that this year up to 60,000 children under the age of five could be facing acute malnutrition.
At the same time, the trucks entering Gaza have reduced by 63% since October 2023.
I welcome the leading role that the Government are taking in providing vital humanitarian aid for Gaza, but does the Minister agree that the ongoing Israeli restrictions on the flow of essential aid are completely unacceptable and should be lifted immediately?
Yes.
We are seeing a disturbing impact from those restrictions; we have seen it in the famine assessment and in the levels of malnutrition and ill health now prevalent in Gaza.
Winter is now upon us, making the situation even worse.
The restrictions on aid are unacceptable.
They must be lifted immediately.
When the Foreign Secretary was in Baku recently for COP29, did he discuss with his interlocutors across the region the extent to which the global finance goals would impact on humanitarian assistance in the middle east?
Yes, the Foreign Secretary did discuss those matters, including directly with Mia Mottley, the Premier of Barbados, who has been leading many of the small island developing states on these issues.
Certainly, the UK is determined to play its part on humanitarian issues as well as globally on climate issues.
That is so important for our own country as well as for the rest of the world.
Some weeks ago, I asked the Foreign Secretary about getting assurances that children receiving polio vaccinations would not be killed after receiving them.
Since then, thousands of children have been killed in northern Gaza.
Given the ICC’s recent ruling about war crimes, the British public no doubt want to know why the Government are shying away from their legal and moral obligation to ban all arms and all trade.
The UK Government have been determined to use every mechanism to advance international humanitarian law.
That includes within the UN Security Council, as we just discussed, but we have also been taking action at every bilateral and multilateral opportunity, including on polio, where the UK led efforts to get vaccination going in the first place.