With World Aids Day approaching, I am sure the whole House will agree on the impact that the Global Fund has had on tackling HIV and AIDS globally.
With our replenishment coming next year, will Ministers commit to the UK continuing to make a significant contribution to the Global Fund?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question and for the leadership that he has shown on this issue, along with others across the House.
The UK is determined to see successful replenishments for all the health-related funds, and we have announced with the WHO just this week that we are definitely going to do that.
Innovation plays a key role in tackling hunger.
Can the Minister expand on what efforts we are taking to tackle hunger and how we are supporting innovators such as Alora, based at Norwich Research Park, which is using revolutionary technology to create the world’s first ocean agriculture system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
We have incredible facilities in Norwich working on agricultural innovation, and they are important not only for global food production but for UK farmers.
The research is used intensively by our local farmers as well as by others globally.
It is ridiculous that Britain should even contemplate taking some of the 61 Sri Lankan asylum seekers on Diego Garcia as part of its agreement with Mauritius.
There are serious concerns in Whitehall that some of those Sri Lankans have criminal records, and there are allegations that some of them may be involved in child abuse.
I have raised this with the Home Office to no avail.
Will Ministers in the Foreign Office make sure that all records are checked in Sri Lanka and in Diego Garcia to ensure that no such criminals or abusers are allowed into Britain?
The Government inherited a situation in the British Indian Ocean Territory involving Tamil migrants from India and Sri Lanka who had arrived there.
We are delivering a solution that protects migrants’ welfare but avoids opening a dangerous new migration route.
The hon.
Gentleman’s concerns regarding safeguarding and any other issues are absolutely at the heart of that and are being dealt with by Home Office and other ministerial colleagues.
My right hon.
Friend will share my concern about the increasing number of women being given death sentences by the Iranian authorities.
What urgent representations will he make to the Iranian Government to overturn those death sentences and ensure that women receive a fair trial?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that His Majesty’s ambassador to Iran will continue to raise this appalling issue directly with Iranian officials in Tehran.
Furthermore, the UK was instrumental in the adoption of the Iran human rights resolution at the UN Third Committee last week.
The resolution calls on Iran to establish a moratorium on executions and to end reprisals against women human rights defenders.
The Government have indicated that they would arrest the democratically elected Prime Minister of Israel.
Doing so would contradict an Act of Parliament and breach state and diplomatic immunity.
Will the Foreign Secretary tell the House whether he believes compliance with the ICC’s decision sets a precedent for future decisions of a similar nature?
Is he not concerned that he is contradicting international norms?
We considered this question at exhaustive length yesterday.
I repeat that the shadow Attorney General has written on the question of which elements of international law are most properly followed in this case, and the Attorney General is set to respond, although we suspect that this case would go to the courts in the usual way.
My constituent, the British citizen Jimmy Lai, is in failing health, and I thank the Foreign Secretary and his Department for all their work to uphold his rights under international law.
Can the Foreign Secretary share his assessment of the scale of international support for Jimmy Lai’s release?
“Massive” is probably the word I would use.
His case is being raised in America and across the European Union, and we are raising it too.
His trial has begun, and he is now well into his 70s, which is why I have made the case to the Chinese that he should be released.
This is becoming cruel and unusual punishment, frankly.
The International Criminal Court has confirmed what we have all known for months, which is that the Israeli Government, under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu, have unleashed a concerted campaign of crimes against humanity on innocent Palestinian civilians.
This is no longer a question of which side we are on, or of who is right or wrong.
It is cold, hard legal fact, and we cannot allow it.
Can the Secretary of State assure us that the Government are considering appropriate action against Netanyahu and Gallant to properly hold them to account?
Too long.
I can assure my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tooting (Dr Allin-Khan)  that the UK Government intend to stand by our international obligations in relation to the ICC, and in relation to many other things, too.
After the issuing of the arrest warrants against Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, can the Foreign Secretary confirm when the Government will impose the scale of sanctions on Israel, not just individuals, that the Government rightly imposed on Russia after the ICC issued an arrest warrant against Putin?
A war crime is a war crime, and an arrest warrant is an arrest warrant.
All lives are equal, and we must ensure that there can be no accusations of double standards.
Since the Government took office in July, I hope it has been clear how important questions of international law are to us, how soberly we treat these issues and how we ensure that in all matters, including in relation to the ICC cases that my hon.
Friend describes, we follow due process, which is what we intend to do in relation to the ICC.
The civil war in Sudan is estimated to have killed around 150,000 people and displaced 14 million.
UNICEF and the UN World Food Programme say that, unless efforts are stepped up, more than 700,000 children are projected to suffer acute malnutrition, so can the Minister tell us what steps the UK is taking as the UN penholder to end this malnutrition and support the Sudanese?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
The Foreign Secretary recently co-led a resolution on the protection of civilians in Sudan.
Unfortunately, despite 14 votes in favour, Russia vetoed that resolution.
We will continue to push on these issues, and we have doubled our aid to Sudan because of the dreadful crisis there.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Earlier, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  raised the very serious case of the detention of Alaa Abd el-Fattah, a British passport holder whose family are with us in the Gallery today.
In his response, the Foreign Secretary said that my hon.
Friend has a problem with having a British passport.
There are Members of the House who have very different views about the constitutional future of this country, be they from Scotland, Ireland or Wales, so will you, Mr Speaker, reassure me and my colleagues that regardless of our views about the future, everybody who holds a British passport has the right to be stuck up for by their Member of Parliament?
Does the Foreign Secretary wish to respond?
I confirm that, of course, everybody with a British passport has the right to representation.
I would hope that we are the kind of country that supports all sorts of people in trouble who are in our country, whatever their background.