I recognise my hon.
Friend’s long-standing interest in this issue and his strong views on it.
Let me be clear.
On  28 October , His Majesty’s ambassador to Georgia called on the Central Election Commission to transparently investigate all alleged incidences of election fraud.
Following the session of the new Parliament, the embassy again reiterated our concerns about election violations and the need for independent investigation.
He is absolutely right that the right to peaceful protest and a free civil society is a key attribute of any modern European democracy and must be respected.
We will continue to make that clear.
I first pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall) , whose focus on Georgia—not just on free elections in Georgia, but on the spread of Putin’s evil influence across Europe—has been incredibly important.
What actions is the Minister taking to push back on Russia’s influence in the region and to push back in Russia itself using his budget for the BBC World Service to broadcast in sub-national languages inside Russia, so that the people of Russia know what is being done in their name and can understand what Putin is doing to them?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point to the important work the BBC World Service does in this area, in particular through its language services.
I have in the past met its fantastic staff who do that important work.
It is important that people have access to free, accurate and impartial information, including in their own languages.
We have been clear about the extent of Russian interference in  Georgia for a long time and we are clear about Russian interference across Europe in democracies.
That is why we are working so closely with NATO and EU partners on that very issue.
What steps he plans to take to help strengthen relations with the US.
The United States is an indispensable ally and I am committed to the depth and breadth of the UK-US relationship.
The Prime Minister and I met President-elect Trump in September for dinner, which was a good opportunity to get to know each other.
We of course continue to work with the current Administration.
I was with Tony Blinken just yesterday.
Defence spending is a key aspect of our relationship with the United States.
Will the Foreign Secretary be able to tell our American allies the date on which we will increase defence spending to 2.5%?
If he cannot, what influence will we have on European allies to increase their defence spending?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the issue of defence spending.
It has been raised by US Presidents since Eisenhower.
He is right that when Donald Trump came to power there were just four European countries spending above 2%.
When Labour left government it was at 2.5%.
We are sad that it dropped and we are determined to get it back to 2.5% of GDP.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
In the past month, growth was at the heart of my visit to Africa.
We agreed work on a new global plan in South Africa and a new strategic partnership with Nigeria.
During our UN Security Council presidency we have shown support for Ukraine 1,000 days into the war and pressed for a lasting peace in the middle east, and I condemned Russia’s shameful veto of a resolution on Sudan.
Finally, throughout COP we have been restoring British leadership on climate.
Since coming into office, the Government have suspended arms export licences to Israel; rolled over on the International Criminal Court, with nothing new against Hamas terrorists; and poured cash into the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, despite concerns over a significant number of its staff double-hatting with Hamas.
Many of those things have been published in Arabic on the UK Government’s website.
Who decides what should be published in Arabic?
Why are they being published in Arabic?
As they relate to Israel, why is nothing being published in Hebrew?
The art of diplomacy is speaking to foreign leaders and foreign nations as best we can in the UK’s national interest.
That does sometimes involve foreign languages, which is why, for example, we support the BBC World Service.
It was a slightly bizarre question.
We can all agree that ending human trafficking across the English channel requires an approach that is co-ordinated with that of all the countries from which people are being trafficked.
Can the Foreign Secretary assure the House that the French Government share our commitment to smashing the gangs and ending these crossings?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I met the French Foreign Minister in London just last week, when we discussed these issues and agreed to co-ordinate better, and that the Home Secretary is working closely with the new French Interior Minister.