Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Whether it is the findings of the election monitors in Georgia, interference in the recent elections in Moldova, the illegal invasion of Ukraine, or the chill felt from the Baltics to Bucharest, Europe today is a much more contested space.
This is the moment to pin our colours to the mast and be much more active in supporting those with Euro-Atlantic aspirations.
How will the Minister build on the efforts of the last Government and use our considerable soft power to be much more proactive?
We continue to engage heavily on those issues—the Foreign Secretary was in Moldova last week.
We are committed to enhancing the UK’s soft power after a period of decline, and that is why the Foreign Secretary will be launching the soft power council with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport in the coming weeks.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of sanctioning violent illegal Israeli settlers.
Whether he plans to extend existing sanctions in response to settler violence in the west bank to Israeli Ministers.
Palestinian communities have suffered horrific violence at the hands of Israeli settlers.
In October, the Government sanctioned three outposts and four entities linked to violence in the west bank.
I will not speculate about future sanctions  designations—doing so would only reduce their impact—but we continue to explore all options to take tougher action.
Settlement expansion in the Occupied Palestinian Territories remains one of the biggest barriers to peace in the middle east.
In October the Foreign Secretary said: “As long as violent extremists remain unaccountable, the UK and the international community will continue to act.”
Will he commit today to considering sanctions against the extremist Ministers Ben-Gvir and Smotrich of the Israeli Government?
I have been very clear in office.
In October, I targeted the Amana settler group, which operates as a commercial construction company, and I was pleased that the US followed us in those sanctions just last week.
I was also concerned about a religious school promoting violence against Jews, and I sanctioned it.
A non-governmental organisation provided volunteers for illegal outposts, and I sanctioned it.
Of course we continue to keep sanctions policy under consideration.
We are very concerned by the violence, by the expansion, and by the rhetoric that we are hearing from members of the Israeli Government.
I listened carefully to my right hon.
Friend’s answer.
He said that he will not speculate on future sanctions, but the two Israeli Ministers named are encouraging settler violence and have called for the annexation of the west bank by Israel.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that, even if he will not talk about further sanctions today, he can recognise that the threat of annexation is real, and that until we come out clearly in support of an independent Palestinian state, the settlers will continue their violence in the belief that they will eventually achieve the annexation that they want?
I commend my hon.
Friend for standing up on those issues.
Let me be absolutely clear: annexation would be illegal and we would stand opposed to it.
I make that fundamentally clear.
He should be assured that we will continue to speak out both against illegal violence against settlers and against settler expansion.
International law is vital for us to build a platform for a more secure and peaceful world.
Do the Government recognise and support the International Criminal Court’s jurisdiction, and will they co-operate fully with the Court to ensure that it can carry out its work without obstruction?
Yes, 100%.
We come to the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I will also ask my right hon.
Friend about Ben-Gvir and Smotrich, and perhaps if I ask in a different way, we might get an answer.
Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton tells us that before the last general election, the Foreign Office was working up potential sanctions against those two most controversial and infamous settlers and Ministers.
I appreciate that sanctions are kept under  review, but is my right hon.
Friend in a position to tell us when a decision might be made, or if one has already been made, about those Ministers?
I think the previous Foreign Secretary was wrong to talk about sanctions under consideration—particularly to talk about sanctions that he said were under consideration but then did not implement.
I will not get drawn on sanctions policy at the Dispatch Box, but I am pleased that my right hon.
Friend is raising issues of such importance.
Anyone looking can see the strength of feeling in the House.