I was very pleased to see President Zelensky recognise just yesterday the UK’s leadership in challenging the shadow fleet.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, I have made this part of my personal mission, and it has involved a record number of oil tankers.
We are leading the world in sanctioning the shadow fleet.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, there are enforcement issues, which is why we have instigated a review.
When I met the Ukrainian ambassador to the United Kingdom, General Zaluzhnyi, last month he raised the importance of ensuring that Ukrainian children and young people who have been forced to flee this terrible conflict in their own country receive the support and education that they need, so that they can be the generation that rebuilds Ukraine.
What conversations has the Foreign Secretary had with the Ukrainian Government and his ministerial colleagues to ensure that that happens?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important issue.
A few months ago, I met Ukrainian children who had been taken to Russia and who had fortunately been brought back to Ukraine by a non-governmental organisation that we were supporting.
We have increased our funds for that important work, both in Ukraine and in Moldova, where I was last week.
The EU has been very clear that it would welcome a new youth mobility scheme with the UK.
As the Minister knows, that would not be a return to freedom of movement and could be agreed separately from the trade and co-operation agreement that the UK signed when we left the UK.
Can the Minister tell me, this House and the young people of this country why the Government will not sit down with European allies to agree a new youth mobility scheme?
My colleagues in the Cabinet Office, me, the Foreign Secretary and others are engaged in a number of conversations with our EU counterparts, but I will not give a running commentary.
We will look at EU proposals on a range of issues, but there are no plans for a youth mobility scheme; neither will we return to freedom of movement.
It is vital that we continue to supply Ukraine with aid in the face of Russian aggression.
Is that aid combined with diplomatic efforts to bring about a just and lasting peace, in line with UN conventions?
Our support is absolute and resolute.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss these issues further.
We will maintain our position.
Will the Foreign Secretary take every opportunity to impress on the incoming President the importance of the article 5 guarantee, whereby the United States will come to the aid of any NATO country that is attacked?
Will he impress on President Trump that we will do everything that we can to encourage other NATO allies to contribute more to the cost of defence?
Yes, yes, yes and more yes.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for highlighting this very important issue.
The NATO alliance is the strongest and best alliance that the modern world has seen, and the UK will continue to impress that point on anyone who will listen.
Given the upcoming audit into the UK’s relationship with China, how does the Foreign Secretary plan to strike a balance between economic growth and growing security concerns about China’s dominance in critical national infrastructure and Chinese-made IoT modules?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
On coming into government, it was important that we conducted a China audit right across Whitehall to look at the range of relationships.
Underpinning that are the three Cs: we will co-operate with China where we can, we will compete with China where we should, and we will challenge China where we must.
What conversations did the Foreign Secretary have with the Defence Secretary about the diplomatic implications of scrapping key military capabilities such as HMS Albion and Bulwark, and of the failure to set a timeline for spending 2.5% of GDP on defence spending?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I have huge respect for him, but that is a little bit rich, given the drop in defence spending that we saw under the last Government.
The Prime Minister indicated just last week that we will set out our plans in due course.
I am pleased that the Defence Secretary, on coming to power, launched a strategic defence review.
Frankly, it should have been done under the last Government.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that Iran’s support for Russia’s war in Ukraine is a direct threat to Europe’s security, and can he outline what steps he is taking to respond?
We are deeply concerned by Iran’s malign behaviour.
The transfer of ballistic missiles to Ukraine was escalatory, which is why I sanctioned Iran Air and the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines.
I will  continue to speak to the Foreign Minister in Iran about these issues.
Clearly, we are very concerned about any attempts by Iran to get nuclear capability.
Scotland’s international brand is used to boost our economy throughout the world, selling Scottish products and experiences and boosting our soft power, so can the Foreign Secretary tell us how his Department will be marking St Andrew’s day on Saturday?
I am delighted to be able to take this question, as one of many Scots in the House.
We are incredibly proud of brand Scotland, and our Scottish Secretary has been driving that forward and really pushing the case for Scotland’s place in the world, working as part of the UK.
We will most certainly be celebrating St Andrew’s day—I certainly will.
Action for Humanity research conducted in Gaza revealed that 53% of respondents already received no humanitarian aid during so-called evacuations, and there are fears that the Knesset’s vote to sever ties with UNRWA is likely to reduce access to aid even further.
The Minister has already referred to the representations that have been made, but what specific immediate actions will the Secretary of State undertake to reinforce the UN’s multilateral framework and the Israeli Government’s obligations under international law to ensure that sufficient aid reaches civilians in Gaza?
Order.
I need to get other colleagues in.
These are topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy.
We recognise the impact of sometimes repeated displacements on the population, with this happening up to nine times in some cases.
We have used every opportunity to make clear the essential role of the UN, including UNRWA, in Gaza.
Does the Minister agree that the ICC’s decision does nothing to help secure the release of hostages, deliver more aid into Gaza or deliver a sustainable end to the war in the middle east?
As I set out to the House yesterday afternoon, the ICC is the primary method of accountability for war crimes, and it should be supported across the whole House.
Our support for the ICC does not limit the actions we take in relation to the other issues.
We have already talked about hostages this morning and about the vital importance of the ceasefire, and we will continue to— Order.
I call Alan Strickland.