The comments last week by Finance Minister Smotrich advocating the annexation of the west bank, together with the continuing devastation in northern Gaza, have reinforced the idea that elements of the Israeli Cabinet have no interest in a two-state solution.
There is now a real and imminent risk that the extremists in the Israeli Cabinet will succeed in annexing Palestinian territories before any negotiations can take place.
In the light of that, does the Foreign Secretary agree that now is the time to recognise Palestine?
Yesterday at the G7 meeting in Rome, Foreign Ministers discussed that very issue.
We were united—all of us—in condemning any suggestion of annexation.
We would stand against it.
If he will increase the amount and proportion of official development assistance allocated to humanitarian projects.
The Government are determined to rebuild the UK’s reputation on international development.
We have announced a doubling of support for people hit by the humanitarian emergency in Sudan, as well as providing support for people in Gaza, in Lebanon and in other crisis situations.
The Government’s insistence on continuing to implement the Tories’ deep and damaging cuts to the aid budget and unprecedented levels of ODA spending on in-donor refugee costs is resulting in reductions, pauses and cancellations of overseas ODA projects.
indicated dissent.
I see that the Minister is shaking her head; I look forward to her response.
Does she recognise that the UK Government cannot say they are back on the global stage while these Boris Johnson-inspired policies continue to cut deep into our development policy?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that our programme budget for the FCDO in 2025-26 will actually be at its highest level in recent years.
We are able to deliver that because this Government are taking action on the issues that the previous Government did not tackle, in particular the in-donor refugee costs that have eaten into that budget.
We just saw gimmicks; we did not see action.
Instead, the new Government are taking action.
The humanitarian crisis in Sudan is horrific, and it is clear that rape is being used as a weapon of war.
Recent data from Médecins Sans Frontières highlights that 90% of sexual violence survivors in a hospital in Chad were abused by armed perpetrators, and 50% were attacked in their homes.
This is happening in 2024.
Can the Foreign Secretary provide details on how the UK’s recent pledges on humanitarian aid for Sudan and the region are being used to support survivors of sexual and gender-based violence?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that incredibly concerning situation.
The UK has been determined to do all that it can, particularly in relation to conflict-related sexual violence.
In October 2024, it was the UK that led moves to secure the renewal of the mandate of the fact-finding mission at the United Nations Human Rights Council.
As was just mentioned, we recently doubled humanitarian aid, and the Foreign Secretary also led efforts at the UN Security Council to take action on the humanitarian emergency in Sudan.