Last week, I spoke with Mandy Damari.
The Minister has mentioned Emily, and I know the Foreign Secretary and his team have been in touch with the family as well.
She and many  other hostage families are going through the most unimaginable suffering, so can the Minister, on behalf of the Foreign Secretary, confirm whether any aid organisations have had humanitarian access to the hostages, and if not, what pressure is being exerted on those agencies?
Clearly, welfare concerns are paramount, but these poor families are also suffering unimaginable horrors and our aid budget needs to be spent in the right way, so can the Minister tell us what work is being undertaken?
Regrettably, no organisation has had access to the hostages.
We continue to call for access for the International Committee of the Red Cross and any other appropriate non-governmental organisation in the usual way.
Let us be clear: Hamas hold these hostages, and they are behaving abominably and outwith any international norm.
They are not abiding by any convention that we could think of.
We will continue to press them to ensure that there is the required access to British nationals, but it is regrettable for the whole House that we are in this position.
What recent discussions he has had with his EU counterparts on security and defence co-operation.
The Foreign Secretary attended the EU Foreign Affairs Council on  14 October .
In the margins, he agreed with Josep Borrell, the EU High Representative for foreign affairs, to work towards a security partnership and committed to six-monthly foreign policy dialogues, starting in early 2025.
Yesterday, I met Secretary-General Sannino of the European External Action Service to discuss, alongside ministerial colleagues, some of our vital shared interests, including Ukraine, hybrid threats and the western Balkans.
President-elect Trump’s confirmation of tariffs on Canada, one of the US’s closest allies, raises serious concerns about his willingness to honour the US-UK special relationship.
If that is the future of US relations with its closest partners, does the Minister agree that closer co-operation with the EU on defence and trade is now urgently needed, including access to the European customs union and the defence pact with the EU, going beyond the recent agreement with Germany?
We have a thriving trading and investment relationship with the United States, with more than 1 million British citizens working for US firms, and vice versa.
We look forward to working with President-elect Trump in office, including on his policy priorities and to improve our trading relations.
Our need to work together in Europe on security issues is clear to all Members, whether that is the threat from Russia, the war in Ukraine, hybrid threats, the situation in Moldova or the situation in the western Balkans, and that is exactly what we are getting on with and doing.
I very much welcome the recent announcement of the UK-Germany bilateral defence agreement, which was signed at record-breaking pace by the new Government at Trinity House last  month.
It will bolster closer working with Europe’s largest economy on wider defence and security matters at a time of increasing Russian aggression across Europe.
With that in mind, can the Minister therefore explain to the House how the Trinity House agreement fits into wider discussions with EU and NATO counterparts around defence and security?