In that vein, the Secretary of State has talked a lot about regaining global leadership, but I fear that he is stuck in 2009.
He may not want to acknowledge this, but for the past 14 years, we have been a global leader.
We are the only major economy to have halved carbon emissions since 1990.
In that same time, America’s emissions have stayed the same and China’s have tripled.
However, we have seen that countries are not persuaded just by Britain going further, faster; they are persuaded by prosperity, and by living standards.
We account for 1% of global emissions, and I fear that if he continues down the path that he has set out, our country will face hardship, and there will be no point in being world-leading because nobody will want to follow our lead.
He would make us a warning, not an example to others.
Let us start with what the Secretary of State announced at the conference of the parties.
He has set out a new target of cutting our greenhouse gas emissions by 81% by 2035.
However, what we did not hear in his statement is how much this will cost the British people.
The independent Climate Change Committee says that that target will  require people to eat less meat and dairy, take fewer flights, and swap their boilers for heat pumps and their petrol cars for electric vehicles at a pace that will require taxes and mandation.
Even the Chair of the Select Committee has acknowledged that people will be forced to change their lives.
But the Secretary of State says not to worry, as he will deliver all the savings through energy policy, and those plans will lead to higher growth, a cut in bills, job creation and stronger national security, but when it comes to his plans, none of those things is true.
The independent Institute for Fiscal Studies has already said that his climate plans will not lead to growth.
The National Energy System Operator’s report shows that his rush for clean power in 2030 will add eye-watering costs to our energy system, and that despite those very expensive costs, it would still leave gas pricing the system around 50% of the time—or it would leave the equivalent of millions of homes in the dark waiting for the wind to blow.
I do not think that that is anybody’s idea of energy or national security.