Mr. LICCARDO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleague Kevin Mullin, to recognize and honor Kenneth Paul Kiraly, a distinguished innovator, for his dedication to advancing technology and making it accessible for everyone.
Living all across the San Francisco Bay Area, Ken developed a love for designing and building electronics, accumulating a multitude of electronic projects throughout his life.
After graduating high school in Walnut Creek, he went on to attend California State University, Pomona, before returning to the Bay Area to complete his degree in Computer Science at California State University, East Bay.
As the internet was only beginning to enter our lives, Ken helped pioneer development tools for the Java programming language, ultimately launching the first full-featured integrated development environments (IDEs) for Java.
Ken joined Palm as a senior software architect, leading the development and delivery of technologies across a variety of handheld devices.
In 2005, Ken became one of Amazon's primary leaders in its new consumer device division.
His leadership in the division enabled the seamless experience of the Kindle--launched in 2007--transforming the small device into a portable library for readers.
Ken was particularly focused and proud of one aspect of the Kindle: its intuitive system.
He cared deeply about making it accessible for people who simply loved to read, as well as individuals with disabilities.
Upon its launch, the Kindle made it possible to enlarge the print of books with a single button, allowing individuals to rediscover the joy of reading without having to physically hold a book.
He continued his work at Amazon, most recently developing Amazon's first consumer robot, Astro--a project blending AI with cutting-edge hardware.
Throughout his accomplished 40-year career, Ken has embodied the qualities of an innovator, a bold risk-taker, and a dedicated problem solver.
As one of the early Distinguished Engineers in Amazon, he not only led engineering and product teams, but also mentored and helped grow a multitude of engineers and leaders in the company.
Furthermore, he is named inventor on 44 U.S. patents, across a variety of products.
All while developing groundbreaking technology, Ken helped raise two sons--Paul and James--with his wife, Virginia.
As Ken concludes a distinguished career, he looks forward to spending more time with his family and enjoying the next chapter of his life.