From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JACKSON DAVIS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made in our community by one of my constituents,

Jackson Davis, who is currently in his first year of college.
As part

of his Eagle Scout Project, Jackson raised enough funds to buy a bus

and all the supplies needed to convert the bus into a food pantry on

wheels.
He then donated the mobile food pantry to Messengers of Hope

for use throughout the community.
For his tremendous efforts, Jackson

was recognized as the Eagle Scout Project of the Year for 2023.
Jackson

further inspired his family, extended family, friends, and fellow

scouts to volunteer at Messengers of Hope to serve groceries and

participate in other service projects.
Part of what makes our country

so great is the willingness of ordinary Americans to go above and

beyond to selflessly give back to others.
Volunteerism is one of the

cornerstones of our society and part of the fabric that unites us.
It is clear that Mr. Jackson Davis has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JACK ASBURY

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made in our community by one of my constituents,

Jack Asbury, who is lovingly known as the ``Batman of Spring Hill''.
Mr. Asbury is a father who knows what it is like to have kids in the

hospital.
He decided to dedicate his time outside of being an EMT by

turning into Batman and visiting kids in hospitals and cancer centers.
He also works with bullied kids and even adults going through hard

times.
This man has seen the most horrific things in life, yet still

makes time to bring light into people's darkest moments.
Part of what

makes our country so great is the willingness of ordinary Americans to

go above and beyond to selflessly give back to others.
Volunteerism is

one of the cornerstones of our society and part of the fabric that

unites us.
It is clear that Mr. Jack Asbury has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF SENECA COUNTY'S BICENTENNIAL

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Bicentennial of

Seneca County, Ohio.
The values of the pioneers and settlers who

overcame the challenges faced during the early years of the county's

history have persisted throughout the past 200 years.
The hard work and

spirit shown by generations of county residents have made Seneca County

an outstanding example of American ingenuity.
Native American tribes inhabited Seneca County before Christopher

Columbus arrived in the Americas.
Initially, these tribes were the

mound builders.
but they were followed later by the Seneca and Wyandot

tribes.
European settlers arrived in the region after General William

Henry Harrison established Fort Ball in 1813.
In 1824, the Ohio

Legislature enacted legislation creating Seneca County and named it

after the original tribes that inhabited the area.
In the 1830s, agriculture spurred commercial activity throughout the

county.
With the construction of the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad,

the county began to build its economy and population.
Currently, the

county encompasses roughly 553 square miles and has a population of

over 55,000.
The county is an asset to the great State of Ohio through

its many contributions in the fields of manufacturing and agriculture.
Mr. Speaker, by remembering the 200th Anniversary of Seneca County,

community members recognize the outstanding achievements, maintain the

pioneer attitude, and strive to better their county through the

principles on which it was founded.