Along with

others, Betty started a Farmer's Market, which created a wonderful

sense of community.
Additionally, she helped create St. Leo's Pasco

County Fair Community Booths, made a giant gingerbread house for the

St. Leo/SLU Christmas Village, and continues to support St. Leo.
Betty

also works to help children in foster care establish a sense of

belonging as they transition from placements and works with partners to

make sure their primary needs are met.
It is clear that Ms. Betty Burke has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRENDAN PARDUE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brendan Pardue

for being named the Royal Gorge Chamber Alliance's 2023 Distinguished

Citizen.
Brendan was raised in Canon City and has spent his life in Colorado.
He attended Regis University and graduated with majors in history,

philosophy, and religion and then went on to earn his master's degree

in guidance and counseling from the University of Northern Colorado.
In 2005, Brendan purchased the Gibson Mansion and spent years

restoring the house and reviving a historic part of Canon City.
Since

completing the restoration, Brendan has offered free use of the house

to nonprofit organizations for fundraisers and other events.
He has

also restored 12 other historic buildings in the area.
Brendan's

readiness to assist his community is one of many reasons why he is a

fitting recipient of the Royal Gorge Chamber Alliance's recognition.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's 7th Congressional District, it

is my honor to congratulate Brendan Pardue for earning this award and

thank him for his long standing dedication to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHANHASSEN FIRE CHIEF ANDREW HEGER

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Andrew Heger, who was

recently sworn in as the Chief of the Chanhassen Fire Department.
Andrew began his career as a firefighter in 2001 in his hometown of

Victoria, and after 15 years of service to the department became the

city's first full-time fire chief.
But after more than two decades of

service with the Victoria Fire Department, Chief Heger was ready for a

new challenge.
When he got the offer to serve as the Chief of the Chanhassen Fire

Department, Andrew jumped at the opportunity.
Chief Heger was

officially sworn in as Chief earlier this month and will be leading a

crew of 26 paid-on-call and 10 full-time firefighters.
Being a firefighter isn't just a job, it's a calling.
It's about

being there for people when they need help the most, whether it's a

fire, a medical emergency, or just lending a helping hand.
For over two decades, Chief Heger has served communities in Carver

County with dedication and bravery.
Chanhassen is fortunate to have

such a qualified and experienced leader at the helm of its fire

department.
I have every confidence that Chief Heger will continue to

build upon the department's strong foundation and work to ensure the

safety of the Chanhassen community for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FREMONT OEM AND DOT

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fremont

County Office of Emergency Management (OEM) and Department of

Transportation (DOT) for their lifesaving work to keep roads clear and

restore power during a record-breaking winter storm in March of 2024.
This harsh winter storm brought over thirteen inches of snow and caused

major power outages throughout the county.