Hermelinda's work and that of all the CET staff has changed

lives and our community for the better.
Hermelinda's leadership has

made a profound difference.
Hermelinda will be retiring in June of this year, and it is with

great pride and respect that I recognize her accomplishments.
I share with CET's Board of Directors in their heartfelt farewell to

Hermelinda Sapien, and we will always remember her impact on the Center

for Employment Training's success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MIRIAM URRA

HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women's History Month, I

rise today to pay tribute to Miriam Urra, an exemplary leader whose

dedication and tireless efforts have profoundly impacted Allapattah for

decades.
Born in Las Villas, Cuba, Miriam's journey to Miami in 1961

marked the beginning of a life dedicated to service and strengthening

her community.
After graduating from Miami Senior High, Miriam pursued higher

education at Miami Dade Community College and Florida Memorial College,

setting the stage for a career defined by compassion and commitment.
Miriam's professional journey began in the optical field before she and

her husband, Orlando Urra, established their own business.
A leader, paratrooper and Prisoner of War in the first battalion of

the Cuban Democratic Revolutionary Front Bay of Pigs operation, Orlando

Urra remains nothing short of a hero and a legend in the Cuban South

Florida community.
A beloved friend and personal source of inspiration

as he was, it is a surprise to no one that his wife, Miriam, should

have taken up his mantel with equal strength, vigor, and dedication

In 1981, Miriam's path took a pivotal turn as she embarked on a new

role with the City of Miami, serving as a Counselor for the Entrant

Assistance Program.
Through her work, Miriam provided invaluable

support to refugees, such as the Cuban Marielitos who sought refuge in

our South Florida community, offering counseling, referrals, and

guidance to ensure their successful integration into society.
Miriam's dedication to community development only grew stronger as

she transitioned to the Department of Community Development, City of

Miami, where she served as a Community Involvement Specialist.
In this

capacity, she tirelessly advocated for residents, disseminating

information about vital city programs and services while championing

citizen participation in policymaking processes.
Following the passing of her beloved husband, Orlando, Miriam retired

from the City of Miami and embraced a new chapter as the Executive

Director of Allapattah Community Action.
Under Miriam's leadership,

Allapattah Community Action has flourished, overseeing vital programs

for the elderly and childcare while also championing affordable housing

initiatives.
Her visionary approach and unwavering dedication have

transformed lives and uplifted communities.
Miriam's influence reaches well beyond her professional achievements.
As a pillar of our community and a cherished friend, she embodies the

essence of what makes Allapattah great.
Serving as a true leader and

mentor to countless individuals, myself included, it's with great pride

that I recognize her today.
In recognition of her outstanding service and unfaltering dedication,

I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest gratitude to

Miriam Urra for her exemplary leadership, love, and commitment to South

Florida.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SILVIA DIEZ

HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women's History Month, I

rise today to recognize Silvia Diez, a community leader who has

utilized her platform to amplify new voices and celebrate the strength

and resilience of women in Southwest Florida.
Silvia first began her career in 2000 in the communications and media

industry in the United States after graduating from a prestigious

university in her native country of Argentina.
Throughout her career,

Silvia has been a dynamic force in the media, overcoming a variety of

challenges, and redefining industry standards.