Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women's History Month, I

rise today to recognize Silvia Diez, a community leader who has

utilized her platform to amplify new voices and celebrate the strength

and resilience of women in Southwest Florida.
Silvia first began her career in 2000 in the communications and media

industry in the United States after graduating from a prestigious

university in her native country of Argentina.
Throughout her career,

Silvia has been a dynamic force in the media, overcoming a variety of

challenges, and redefining industry standards.
Silvia was the host of

the first local Spanish-language television show ``Que Pasa SW

Florida'' on the Comcast Network, and for 19 years, was the editor of

the first leading Hispanic newspaper in Southwest Florida, Nuevos Ecos.
Currently, Diez is the Journalist and Marketing Director of El

Mensajero, the leading Spanish newspaper in Southwest Florida, and the

host of the show Power Latino TV, a platform that highlights Hispanic

businesses in Southwest Florida.
Silvia is devoted to ensuring that every woman in both Collier and

Lee counties has the opportunity to reach their full potential.
This

commitment has culminated in her current role as owner and CEO of

``Mujeres Emprendedoras'' (``Women Entrepreneurs''), a business

initiative that brings together talented and resilient women seeking to

own their own businesses.
In 2022, her passion for empowering women and

inspiring change was recognized by the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of

Southwest Florida, and she became a finalist in the ``Women of

Distinction'' Awards.
Aside from being a trailblazing Hispanic entrepreneur, Silvia is a

proud mother whose son, Emiliano, is currently in the Marine Academy.
As a mother, she keenly understands and has sought to meet the needs of

the children in the surrounding community.
Every year, Diez dedicates

her time to organizing a ``3 Kings Day'' toy drive for the children of

the Coalition of Immokalee Workers.
Silvia continues to build a lasting

legacy of generosity and love through her drive to serve.
Her

relentless desire to foster strong leaders and build thriving

communities has contributed to numerous successes for residents in

Southwest Florida and my district.
Mr. Speaker, as a true leader in her community, Silvia Diez has

proven her unwavering commitment to expanding opportunities for those

in our community through her leadership and acts of selfless service.
Today, in honor of this outstanding individual who has dedicated her

time and expertise to our Southwest Florida community, I thank Sylvia

for her invaluable contributions and work in advancing the futures of

thousands of Floridians.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BETTY BURKE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Betty Burke, who

volunteers countless hours each week helping others.
Betty Burke

believes that one person can make a difference in this complicated

world.
Nearly 20 years ago as a Rotarian, Betty partnered with

Farmworkers' Self Help Inc. to establish a mentoring program for young

daughters of migrant workers.
The Rotary Program ended in 2020, but

Betty continued the program.
She invested time, resources, and money to

make certain weekly gatherings at the Clubhouse would continue to

broaden the girls' horizons.
The best estimate for the time she spent

with them is a remarkable 5,400 hours.
Betty was also a founding member of San Antonio Rotary Club, served

as President for two terms, and Assistant Governor for one.
She

spearheaded Rotary's taking over the Rattlesnake Festival.
Along with

others, Betty started a Farmer's Market, which created a wonderful

sense of community.
Additionally, she helped create St. Leo's Pasco

County Fair Community Booths, made a giant gingerbread house for the

St. Leo/SLU Christmas Village, and continues to support St. Leo.
Betty

also works to help children in foster care establish a sense of

belonging as they transition from placements and works with partners to

make sure their primary needs are met.