Title: CELEBRATING HELEN BANDYKE, DEARBORN'S ROSIE THE RIVETER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
54

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING HELEN BANDYKE, DEARBORN'S ROSIE THE RIVETER

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Helen Bandyke,

Dearborn resident and one of Michigan's Rosie the Riveters, as she

celebrates her 103rd birthday.
During World War II countless women like Ms. Bandyke from across the

Nation and right here in Southeast Michigan took over jobs that had

been previously performed by men and held our country down during

extremely trying times.
Ms. Bandyke proudly worked at Chrysler's DeSoto

Plant in Dearborn in 1942 while her husband served overseas.
She was

among those strong women who blazed the trail for women in the

workforce.
I am so proud of Ms. Bandyke and her incredible contribution

to our Nation's labor movement and our history.
Please join me and the people of Dearborn and Michigan's 12th

District Strong as we honor Ms. Helen Bandyke and wish her the happiest

of birthdays.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DIANE FITZPATRICK ON BEING NAMED BOYS & GIRLS EXECUTIVE

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Diane

Fitzpatrick, Chief Executive Officer of the Boys & Girls Club of

Manchester, for being named Executive of the Year by the Nation's over

1000 clubs.
This award is determined by the Professional Association of

Boys & Girls Clubs and by Diane's peers throughout the country.
As the

Executive of the Year, Diane has been recognized for her significant

impact on the Manchester community and the youth development profession

at a local, regional, and national level.
As CEO of the Boys & Girls Club of Manchester, Diane works with

staff, the board of trustees, and community members to serve children

and families across the city.
With over 30 years of experience in

higher education, marketing, and business development, Diane has

pursued a bold and innovative vision for the Boys & Girls Club since

she joined the organization in 2014.
In this role, Diane oversees

strategic planning, fundraising, community relations, and partnership

development.
She is widely regarded by staff as an indispensable leader and among

the broader New Hampshire community as critical to the advancement of

children's issues.
I commend Diane for winning this prestigious award

and will continue to support her work to help youth reach their full

potential.
I look forward to seeing what Diane will accomplish for the

Manchester community in the years to come, and I am confident she will

continue to uplift kids and families in our district.
On behalf of all

the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional District, I

applaud Diane for her commendable leadership, and wish her success in

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING APOSTLE DR.
LEE F. RICE

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with the people of St.

Louis, to pay tribute to the remarkable life and enduring legacy of

Apostle Dr. Lee F. Rice, a dedicated servant of God whose impact

extends far beyond the walls of Victory Christian Outreach Church.
Dr.

Rice's commitment to spreading the Gospel and serving his community

leaves an indelible mark on all who had the privilege of knowing him.
Dr. Rice was more than a pastor; he was a beloved husband, father,

grandfather, and friend.
He is survived by his loving family, including

his adult children: Rhoda Rice, Sardius Rice, Pastor Daphne Rice-Bruce

(spouse-Alex

Bruce), Minister Romney Rice-Dunn (spouse-Minister Fred Dunn), and

Minister Bryttani Rice.
His legacy also lives on through his many

grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and countless other cherished

family members and friends.
The educational background of Dr. Rice and his beloved wife, the late

Apostle Dr. Doris V. Rice, speaks volumes about their commitment to

ministry and service.