After his assignment at McChord, Colonel Berdecia taught

the newest C-17A pilots in the 58th Airlift Squadron at Altus Air Force

Base, Oklahoma.
There, he was accepted to the United States Air Force

Weapons School, where he graduated in 2009 and earned the callsign

`Slinger.'
After his time at Altus, Colonel Berdecia moved to Charleston, South

Carolina, and became a member of the Special Operations Low Level

community in the 16th Airlift Squadron, where he executed missions in

support of the Combined Joint Chiefs of Staff.
In 2014, he was selected

to work as the AFRICOM J3's Executive Officer in Stuttgart, Germany,

and in 2017, was chosen to return to Altus and Command his previous

Squadron, the 58th Airlift Squadron `Rat Pack.'
Due the trust and

confidence his leadership had in his ability to lead, Colonel Berdecia

was selected as a Secretary of Defense Executive Fellow with Team

Rubicon in Los Angeles, California.
After his time in Los Angeles,

Slinger was assigned to the Pentagon, and after a tour on staff with

the Joint Staff, he was brought back to the C-17A. His final assignment

in the Air Force was that of the 437th Operations Group Commander at

Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina, leading the men and women of Air

Mobility Command's Premier Operations Group.
Colonel Berdecia's exemplary service to the United States Air Force

spans more than 23 years and 5,000 hours in airlift aircraft.
Mr.

Speaker, on behalf of my Congressional colleagues and a grateful

country, I extend our deepest appreciation to Colonel Carlos `Slinger'

Berdecia and his wife Eva for their dedicated service to the United

States Air Force and our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF PEORIA RADIO PERSONALITY SCOTT WHEELER

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor and congratulate Scott

Wheeler on his retirement from Midwest Communications' Peoria stations

after 46 years in the industry.
Scott Wheeler was hired as a radio personality and promotions

director by the Top-40 radio station KZ93-FM in 1987.
During his

career, he worked as a director of production, promotions, programming,

and operations.
Wheeler also held the positions of Morning Show Host,

Brand Manager, and Air Personality.
In 1997, he launched Big Oldies

93.3 which received the top ratings throughout its 10-year duration.
During his time as a radio personality, Scott Wheeler has been

recognized with numerous accolades for his exemplary professional

performance.
He was recognized as one of Radio Ink Magazine's ``Top Ten

Best Small Market Program Directors in America'' from 1999 until 2003.
Wheeler was known for his tremendous contributions to the radio

community, as well as his success at CHR KZ93 and Big Oldies 93.3.
Scott Wheeler has always been committed to his work and his

community.
It is my privilege to congratulate him on his accomplished

career as a radio personality.
We have all been blessed to have Scott

Wheeler on our radio.
The City of Peoria is a better place because of

his airtime presence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR.
ANDREA E. CHAPDELAINE

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and celebrate the

remarkable tenure of Hood College President, Andrea E. Chapdelaine.
For

nine years, Dr. Chapdelaine has dedicated her career to the advancement

of higher education, enriching the lives of students and bolstering

local communities throughout her career.
Under her leadership, Hood College experienced growth in both

undergraduate and graduate enrollment and improvement in student

retention.
Dr. Chapdelaine spearheaded the completion of the strategic

plan, ``Moving Together Beyond Boundaries,'' which introduced new

academic programs, expanded strategic partnerships, and enhanced

employee compensation.
She oversaw nearly $100 million in campus investments, including

major renovations and new construction, led the successful ``Forging

the Future'' campaign, and raised nearly $75 million for scholarships,

experiential learning, and the Hood Fund.