Title: CELEBRATING THE ARNOLD VOLUNTEER ENGINE COMPANY NO.
2 ON 100 YEARS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
101

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ARNOLD VOLUNTEER ENGINE COMPANY NO.
2 ON 100 YEARS

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the Arnold

Volunteer Engine Company No.
2 on its 100th anniversary.
The Arnold Volunteer Engine Company No.
2 held its first meeting at

Arnold High School on May 12, 1924.
Shortly afterward, Westmoreland

County granted the company an official charter on June 14, 1924.
It's

17 founding members dedicated their lives and work to the people of the

Allegheny-Kiski Valley.
Company No.
2 quickly became a pillar in its

southwestern Pennsylvania community.
The company constructed its first

fire hall in 1928, which is still in use today.
Additionally, the

firefighters, efforts to engage with the community extended beyond

protecting citizens and responding to emergencies.
In 1949, they built

a clubhouse for members, their families, and the community to gather

and socialize.
Due to continued outreach and service, they assumed the

responsibility of transporting Santa Claus through Arnold,

Pennsylvania, during the annual Christmas parade.
This tradition

continues today.
Over the past hundred years, Company No.
2 operated with

professionalism, speed, and dedication.
After a destructive fire took

the lives of three first responders in 1995, the firefighters began

training in rapid intervention tactics and protocols.
Company No.
2

still provides this rapid intervention training to fire companies

around the Allegheny-Kiski Valley area.
The volunteer firefighters of

Company No.
2 remain focused on sharing their expertise and working

with other fire companies to ensure all first responders are trained

and ready to respond to emergencies effectively.
There are 42 active members of the Arnold Volunteer Engine Company

No.
2.
Notably, five charter members of the inaugural Junior

Firefighter Program are celebrating 50 years of volunteer service.
I

want to thank and honor James Duncan, Donald Ferrante, Joseph Puet,

John Tort, Jr., and William Weber for their devotion to the people of

southwestern Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate Arnold Volunteer Engine Company

No.
2 on its 100th anniversary and its great work serving the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PAUL MOLLOY AND THE LIVES HE TOUCHED THROUGH

OXFORD HOUSE

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of an

extraordinary Marylander, John ``Paul'' Molloy, who we lost two years

ago this week.
Paul was a public servant and a former Capitol Hill

staffer with a storied career in both the House and Senate, having

helped craft and pass such landmark laws as the National Rail Passenger

Act of 1970 establishing AMTRAK, the Resource Recovery and Conservation

Act of 1976, the nation's bedrock law governing the safe disposal of

solid and hazardous waste.
He was always committed to bipartisanship

and insisted on celebrating the passage of every bipartisan law with

the teams--Democrats and Republicans alike--who made them happen.
Even

in the midst of all these professional achievements, all was not as it

seemed.
In 1975, Paul found himself living on the streets, divorced and

alone because of his stubborn battle with alcoholism.
Fortunately, Paul was able to seek help and begin the long road to

recovery.
He checked himself into a Montgomery County-run halfway house

in Silver Spring.
This started a new chapter in his life that would in

turn come to touch the lives of so many others in similar situations.
When the County-run halfway house closed, Paul joined with his fellow

residents to take over the house's management.
They all agreed: they

would split the rent and utilities equally; they would all contribute

to the cooking and cleaning together; and they would accompany one

another to treatment.
If anyone relapsed, they would have to leave to

protect the health of their fellow residents.