During unprecedented times like the COVID-19 pandemic, B's leadership

and management were critical.
He weathered the operational and

commercial challenges that came with the pandemic through close

coordination with airline partners and his team.
B understood what made

Hartsfield-Jackson the busiest and most efficient airport in the world

was a commitment to an excellent customer experience.
He delivered on

that even through the challenges of a global pandemic.
His philosophy centered around three P's: ``People, Purpose, and

Performance.''
B's philosophy helped make Hartsfield-Jackson the

largest employer in the state of Georgia and contributed to a regional

economic impact of 66 billion dollars.
Numbers can't tell the whole

story of B's impact, and for the past two years, Hartsfield-Jackson has

been awarded the ACI-Airport Service Quality award for the Best Airport

in the world for arrivals.
Today, I honor and celebrate B's service, commitment and contribution

to the Fighting Fifth, and while I will miss our conversations and his

physical presence in the airport, I want it to be known in the halls of

Congress that our success in the district was made possible by my

friend and Co-Conspirator for Justice, Balram ``B'' Bheodari.
Please

join me in recognizing B's outstanding career in service to Hartsfield-

Jackson Atlanta International Airport and Georgia's Fighting Fifth

Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING A DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANT: DAVID LECIK

HON.
JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

Ms. SCHAKOWSKY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished

career of David Lecik.
After 37 years of dedicated service in state

government, 12 of which were spent working with the Illinois Department

on Aging's Senior Health Insurance Program, Mr. Lecik will be retiring

as Education Specialist and technical expert on Medicare and Medicaid,

and he will be missed by many.
Mr. Lecik served in the U.S. Air Force for 12 years while married to

his wife Sheila and raising three children, Stephen, Dan, and Rosemary.
His armed forces career started as a dental assistant, and he later

retrained in computer operations.
He was stationed in Maryland,

Southern Illinois, and Athens, Greece and rose to the rank of Master

Sergeant.
After the Air Force, Mr. Lecik worked for Victor J. Andrew High

School in Tinley Park while earning a bachelor's degree in psychology

at Governors State University.
In 1997 he was hired by the State of

Illinois at the Department of Human Services (DHS) and worked as a

Human Service Caseworker and Staff Development Specialist.
The work at

DHS laid the foundation for his incredible ability to teach advocates

and counselors on Medicare and the many benefits that are offered to

Illinois citizens.
Mr. Lecik joined The Senior Health Insurance Program-SHIP in 2012 and

mastered the Medicare program.
David's dedication to serving older

adults, people with disabilities, and their caregivers across the State

of Illinois is remarkable.
His passion to ensure access to quality

healthcare for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries has been at the

forefront of his career.
He shared his knowledge and talents with the

1,000 SHIP counselors who work with both Medicare and Medicaid programs

to assist eligible beneficiaries with lifesaving programs and benefits.
He re-wrote the training manual for SHIP and restructured charts and

desk aids that summarized difficult subjects for optimal understanding.
His ability to explain the medical programs for seniors and the

technical support he has given to hundreds of SHIP counselors is

exceptional as he has championed high quality education and advocacy

within in the SHIP program.
Mr. Lecik has not only supported Medicare

recipients by providing counseling to ensure they retain and navigate

their health care benefits but has also been a pillar of support for

Senior Health Insurance Program (SHIP) counselors and professionals

throughout the State by helping them navigate the complex Medicare and

Medicaid systems.