This year,

Eid al-Adha will be celebrated on June 16th.
We must continually strive

to create a more inclusive nation and honor the diverse tapestry that

makes up this country.
Muslim Americans have meaningfully contributed

to the American society since the nation's early history.
They cherish

American values, take pride in the country's pluralism,

multiculturalism, and its embodiment as the land of liberty and

opportunity.
Recognizing Eid as a Federal Holiday will allow them to not only

freely practice their faith, but also help them feel more at home and

connect better with America's spirit as a religious minority.
This bill

is particularly timely given the alienation that parts of the Muslim

American community feel after years of anti-Muslim sentiments as well

as recent developments in the Middle-East.
As Members of Congress, we

need to uphold the values that our nation was founded on, including

freedom of religion and equality for all.
Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing and

uplifting this important cultural and historical celebration by making

Eid a federal holiday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
WILEY NICKEL

Mr. NICKEL.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Thursday, June 13.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
261; NAY on

Roll Call No.
262; NAY on Roll Call No.
263; NAY on Roll Call No.
264;

NAY on Roll Call No.
265; NAY on Roll Call No.
266; NAY on Roll Call

No.
267; NAY on Roll Call No.
268; NAY on Roll Call No.
269; NAY on

Roll Call No.
270; NAY on Roll Call No.
271; NAY on Roll Call No.
272;

NAY on Roll Call No.
273; NAY on Roll Call No.
274; and NAY on Roll

Call No.
275.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND COMMEMORATING THE SERVICE OF BALRAM ``B'' BHEODARI

HON.
NIKEMA WILLIAMS

Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

commemorate Balram Bheodari, a constituent of Georgia's Fighting Fifth

Congressional District who was instrumental to the success and growth

of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
Known to everyone in Atlanta as ``B,'' he brought the sense of duty

forged during his time as an Army aviator to his 22 years of service to

the airport.
As General Manager for

Hartsfield-Jackson, he was pivotal in the airport's growth and its

recognition as the world's busiest and most efficient airport.
Under B's leadership the airport completed numerous major capital

projects, making use of transformative investments totaling billions of

dollars and positioning Hartsfield-Jackson as the model of success for

all large airport hubs across the nation.
B oversaw pivotal projects

such as the creation of the airport's fifth runway, the Consolidated

Rental Car Center, the Maynard H. Jackson International Terminal--the

most extensive hold baggage screening system in the country, and

countless other terminal renovation projects.
B's expertise in the airport and aviation space has been invaluable

as he and I worked closely to deliver future projects through the

Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to continue to grow Atlanta's

airport.
But it's not just the billions of dollars he helped deliver to the

airport that made B a great General Manager, it was B's leadership and

the ability to reinforce his mission and vision to over 63,000

employees at Hansfield-Jackson and the 400,000 jobs supported by the

airport.
His mission was to bring all those directly or indirectly

employed to see themselves as one team, delivering excellence while

connecting our community to the world.
During unprecedented times like the COVID-19 pandemic, B's leadership

and management were critical.
He weathered the operational and

commercial challenges that came with the pandemic through close

coordination with airline partners and his team.
B understood what made

Hartsfield-Jackson the busiest and most efficient airport in the world

was a commitment to an excellent customer experience.