When the County-run halfway house closed, Paul joined with his fellow

residents to take over the house's management.
They all agreed: they

would split the rent and utilities equally; they would all contribute

to the cooking and cleaning together; and they would accompany one

another to treatment.
If anyone relapsed, they would have to leave to

protect the health of their fellow residents.
They called this new

sober-supportive living environment ``Oxford House,'' and began a new

addiction recovery model that would spread across the country and the

world.
Today, there are over 3,300 Oxford Houses helping people

maintain their sobriety in a supportive environment.
The reason the first Oxford House wasn't the only Oxford House is

simple--one of its cofounders was a congressional staffer.
Paul had the

knowledge, experience and contacts that proved instrumental in passing

provisions in the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 that created a revolving

loan fund for supportive sobriety models like Oxford House.
This fund

was instrumental in establishing the network of recovery residences

that has spread across the country.
From the 1980s until the end of his life, Paul found renewed purpose

as the Director of Oxford House, overseeing its resident-driven

expansion into new neighborhoods and new states.
Even as Paul carefully

stewarded the expansion of new Oxford Houses, he was

careful to maintain the organizational commitment to democratic self-

governance within each house, which has empowered generations of Oxford

House residents to navigate the inevitable obstacles of life with

persistence and patience.
After his recovery, Paul and his wife, Jane, decided to remarry, and

enjoyed another 34 years together.
When he passed away two years ago,

Paul left behind not only his beloved Jane but his five children and

eight grandchildren.
He is sorely missed, but his legacy of good humor

and incomparable compassion lives on among his family and Oxford House

family.
I join the people of Maryland's beautiful Eighth District and

people across the United States in expressing the warmest gratitude for

Paul's work as we celebrate his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 83RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE TUSKEGEE AIRMEN AND THEIR

HEROISM

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and honor

the Tuskegee Airmen as we celebrate their 83rd anniversary.
As the

United States fought to defend freedom with our allies in World War II,

exceptional pilots in the fight for air superiority made the difference

between victory and defeat.
The Tuskegee Airmen stand out in history, as they not only had to

carry the immeasurable weight of battle, but also had to fight racial

discrimination.
Prior to the Tuskegee Airmen's incorporation in 1941, the military

was segregated, and the Army Air Forces did not accept African American

pilots.
In the face of this discrimination, these brave men stood up

when their country and the world needed them most.
They flew with skill

and courage on critical missions, demonstrating that excellence knows

no color, and that discrimination had no place in our military.
The

Tuskegee Airmen were among the most talented and decorated squadrons of

World War II, earning 3 Presidential Unit Citations, 150 Distinguished

Flying Crosses, 1 Legion of Merit, 1 Silver Star, 2 Soldier Medals, 8

Purple Hearts, 14 bronze stars, 744 air medals, and 1 Red Star of

Yugoslavia.
Their heroism, bravery, and remarkable achievements

contributed directly to the desegregation of the United States

Military.
On Saturday, May 25, 2024, veterans, officials, airmen, and their

decedents gathered at Wings of Eagles Discovery Center to remember

these amazing heroes and commemorate their significance nationally and

their deep local ties to our community here in the Finger Lakes,

Southern Tier, and Western New York.
Their story will forever serve as

a symbol of courage in the face of adversity.
On Memorial Day and every day, we thank the men and women in uniform

who have sacrificed so much so that we may live free.