He re-wrote the training manual for SHIP and restructured charts and

desk aids that summarized difficult subjects for optimal understanding.
His ability to explain the medical programs for seniors and the

technical support he has given to hundreds of SHIP counselors is

exceptional as he has championed high quality education and advocacy

within in the SHIP program.
Mr. Lecik has not only supported Medicare

recipients by providing counseling to ensure they retain and navigate

their health care benefits but has also been a pillar of support for

Senior Health Insurance Program (SHIP) counselors and professionals

throughout the State by helping them navigate the complex Medicare and

Medicaid systems.
He has provided countless older adults and

professionals with the information needed to make informed decisions

about their benefits and championed for the most vulnerable and limited

income beneficiaries to ensure they have quality health coverage.
Mr. Lecik has presented to numerous audiences such as retirement

groups (City of Chicago, Cook County Courts system, and AFSCME), case

managers, caseworkers, and advocates from every area of the state.
During his career at SHIP and has attended and spoken at national

conferences, the Age + Action conference, and has worked with

legislators to bring Medicare/Medicaid education to beneficiaries in

many local areas of the state.
He has worked closely with Social

Security outreach staff, liaisons with the Centers for Medicare and

Medicaid Services, and the state agency--Healthcare and Family

Services.
Dave is known throughout the country for his knowledge and

expertise with SHIP.
He never steers away from a challenge, and he

sticks with an issue until it is solved to a successful end.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I thank

David Lecik for all the work he has done for the citizens of Illinois.
We are so grateful for his invaluable service and wish him the best of

everything in his future endeavors.