On Saturday, May 25, 2024, veterans, officials, airmen, and their

decedents gathered at Wings of Eagles Discovery Center to remember

these amazing heroes and commemorate their significance nationally and

their deep local ties to our community here in the Finger Lakes,

Southern Tier, and Western New York.
Their story will forever serve as

a symbol of courage in the face of adversity.
On Memorial Day and every day, we thank the men and women in uniform

who have sacrificed so much so that we may live free.
We owe them a

debt of gratitude that cannot be repaid, both for defending our

Nation's freedoms and advancing them for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE ST.
CLAIR ROTARY CLUB'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Clair Rotary

Club and the occasion of their 100th anniversary.
Since its founding on

April 22, 1924, the St. Clair Rotary Club has served as an emblematic

example of the Rotary's motto, ``Service Above Self.''
Throughout the last century, the St. Clair Rotary Club has focused on

a lot of community projects benefitting the St. Clair community.
Notably, during the 1930s, the club began a student assistance program,

helping high school graduates work towards higher education.
In 1964,

the club started the ``Preparation for Employment'' program with St.

Clair High School and soon after in 1965, the ``Seminars for Tomorrows

Leaders'' which continues to this day.
The club has managed to preserve their accomplishments and history at

the St. Clair Historical Museum, dating back to its founding in 1924.
Their team has a remarkable devotion not only to the improvement of the

St. Clair Community, but the preservation of the club's rich history.
More recently, the club has also notably raised over $150,000 for the

St. Clair Little League Park, donated 32 Chromebooks to the St. Clair

High School, and led efforts for community spaces throughout St. Clair.
As the club celebrates its centennial, it continues to make a

difference through projects like the Storybook Walk in Klecha Park and

the renovation of Rotary's Wildlife Landing.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that the St. Clair Rotary Club will

continue to be a significant benefactor to the wider St. Clair

Community for many years to come.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

congratulating the club and its members for reaching this incredible

milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF COLONEL CARLOS BERDECIA

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Carlos

`Slinger' Berdecia of the United States Air Force upon his retirement

from the U.S. Military after more than 23 years of service.
Colonel Berdecia was born and raised in Bayamon, Puerto Rico, and

graduated from the University of North Carolina with a Bachelor of

Science in marketing.
He also holds a Master of Business Administration

from the City University of Seattle.
Colonel Berdecia began his flying

career in 2003 at Joint Base Lewis McChord in Washington State, flying

the C-17A Globemaster III with the 8th and 10th Airlift Squadrons.
He

quickly upgraded in the `Mighty Moose' from Co-Pilot to Instructor

Pilot in just four years, flying combat operations in Iraq and

Afghanistan.
After his assignment at McChord, Colonel Berdecia taught

the newest C-17A pilots in the 58th Airlift Squadron at Altus Air Force

Base, Oklahoma.
There, he was accepted to the United States Air Force

Weapons School, where he graduated in 2009 and earned the callsign

`Slinger.'
After his time at Altus, Colonel Berdecia moved to Charleston, South

Carolina, and became a member of the Special Operations Low Level

community in the 16th Airlift Squadron, where he executed missions in

support of the Combined Joint Chiefs of Staff.