Under her leadership, Hood College experienced growth in both

undergraduate and graduate enrollment and improvement in student

retention.
Dr. Chapdelaine spearheaded the completion of the strategic

plan, ``Moving Together Beyond Boundaries,'' which introduced new

academic programs, expanded strategic partnerships, and enhanced

employee compensation.
She oversaw nearly $100 million in campus investments, including

major renovations and new construction, led the successful ``Forging

the Future'' campaign, and raised nearly $75 million for scholarships,

experiential learning, and the Hood Fund.
Her tenure also saw the

receipt of a historic $54 million gift from The Hodson Trust, marking

the largest donation in Hood College's history.
It is a privilege to acknowledge Dr. Andrea E. Chapdelaine's service

and support for higher education.
Her legacy will undoubtedly inspire

future leaders and continue to benefit Hood College students and the

broader community for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE `BLACK ANGELS' OF STATEN ISLAND

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to include in the Record the

following Proclamation honoring the Black Angels of Staten Island:

Whereas Staten Island Sea View Hospital opened in 1913 specifically

to treat patients with Tuberculosis and, at its peak, Sea View Hospital

saw nearly 2,000 patients and was one of only four municipal hospitals

in New York City that did not discriminate against Black nurses;

Whereas the Black Angels, as they are known, were courageous,

dedicated, and bold in answering the call to come to Sea View and risk

their lives caring for the grievously sick and ``indigent

consumptives'' of New York City, who had been banished to this woefully

understaffed sanatorium;

Whereas the Black Angels' caring demeanor, and years of expertise

played a significant role in the first ever human trials of Isoniazid,

the first drug to cure tuberculosis.
Since its discovery in 1952, tens

of millions of lives have been saved;

Whereas the Black Angels were activists and active members of the

NAACP, neighborhood churches, and community groups, and became founding

members of the Lincoln Hospital Alumni Association, the Urban League

Guild, and the Women's Civic and Political Union.
They were fierce

advocates for the integration of Black nurses into the U.S. military

and American Nurses Association, and in New York City they worked

toward desegregating the hospital system; and

Whereas the people of Staten Island are grateful for the years of

service by all the Black Angels who selflessly served on the front

lines at Sea View Hospital to treat tuberculosis patients.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION FOR EID DAY ACT

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce the bipartisan Eid

Day Act, which would create a federal holiday for Eid.
I thank Rep.

Grace Meng and my other House colleagues that joined me to support this

bill.
Eid al-Adha is an Islamic holiday which commemorates Abraham's

symbolic sacrifice of his son to God, as referenced in the Quran, Old

Testament, and New Testament.
Eid al-Adha also marks the annual

pilgrimage to Mecca, called Hajj.
Eid al-Fitr is an Islamic holiday

which commemorates the sighting of the new moon, signifying a month-

long end to fasting and reflection for all Muslim followers.
Eid is a holiday of great importance to over 3.5 million American

Muslims.
Whether it be in the military, government, health, business or

other leadership positions, Muslim Americans have always contributed to

our country.
Eid is a meaningful occasion for the Muslim community to

reflect and celebrate on the importance of faith, sacrifice, freedom,

and justice--the same values that all Americans hold dear.
This year,

Eid al-Adha will be celebrated on June 16th.
We must continually strive

to create a more inclusive nation and honor the diverse tapestry that

makes up this country.
Muslim Americans have meaningfully contributed

to the American society since the nation's early history.