When we attempt to outpace our adversaries in

weapon development, they inevitably respond in kind, draining our

limited resources and fostering international instability as fear

predominates and the world's most devastating weapons become a more

likely option.
The critical role of arms control in preserving global stability and

security is evident from history's many close calls.
We can't afford to

wait for another Cuban missile crisis to recognize the dangers of

miscommunication and the failure to engage in dialogue.
Only a few lonely congressional voices have joined the clarion call

put forth by the Arms Control Association, Ploughshares, Council for a

Livable World, Union of Concerned Scientists, Friends Committee on

National Legislation, Nuclear Threat Initiative, and other well-known

arms control organizations.
Year after year, funding proposals and

resolutions to support non-proliferation, nuclear fissile material

control and verification, and weapons negotiations have been made to

draw attention to the importance of arms control.
Like Sisyphus pushing

the boulder up the hill, it is often thankless work, fighting and

clawing for progress only to see it roll back down again, as had

happened in the Intermediate Range Nuclear Missile Treaty, New START,

and the Iran nuclear agreement.
But the work could not be more

important.
Unlike that Greek myth, I do believe that we can get the

boulder to the top of the hill and develop robust arms control regimes

that will help us all to avoid an existential threat.
There are three key pillars in this endeavor.
First, knowledge of the

destructive power of nuclear weapons and an understanding of their role

in modern warfare.
The library is full of studies on nuclear war,

deterrence, the risks of misunderstanding, compelling arguments for

risk reduction, and the value of arms control.
We cannot forget the

horrors that nuclear weapons would inflict if they were ever used

again.
This work cannot be understated.
It's been 79 years since

Hiroshima and Nagasaki and 40 years since the movie ``The Day After''

aired, showing Americans and their leadership just how terrible such an

event would be.
It is a hard truth, but one we must face.
We can't

allow nuclear weapons rhetoric to be divorced from the very real

consequences of their use.
Secondly, encouraging dialogue and fostering open communication

channels are essential.
While it may appear impossible to have any arms

control negotiations with Russia as it conducts its war of aggression

in Ukraine, it is important to remember that many of the previous arms

treaties with Russia began at the moment of maximum international

tension.
The recent dialogues with China's political and military

leaders are encouraging.
We should accept China's offer to discuss ``No

first use'' policy.
We don't know where the discussion may lead, but

it's an opening.
Lastly, garnering political support is crucial.
Non-profits and

advocacy groups have laid the groundwork; now, we must amplify their

efforts and call on Congress to act.
For too long, our focus on arms

control has waned, and members of Congress have paid too little focus.
This is the moment to redouble our efforts.
In a world marked by

uncertainty and growing competition, building bridges and fostering

understanding is more critical than ever.
However, this effort must

start at home.
Inevitably, Congress must reconcile our infinite desires

with our limited means.
That means making hard decisions about how and

where to spend taxpayer dollars to achieve real security.
Hundreds of

billions of dollars and 14 years have been spent in the modernization

of America's nuclear weapons programs, and it has yielded a three-

nation nuclear arms and space race.
Are we more secure?
The Sentinel ICBM program, now estimated to be $150 billion, breached

the cost escalation limit of the Nunn-McCurdy law.
The Pentagon and

Congress must now justify the continuation of the program.
Congress and

the American public must not waste this pivotal moment to study the

reality of the nuclear weapon arms race and make a decision to shift

course.