If the nuclear program is for deterrence, then the submarines,

airplanes, and their missiles offer sufficient firepower to dissuade an

adversary.
These systems have the benefit of stealth, and the President

has the time to gather all information and then decide to use the

nuclear response.
If that weren't enough, we also have ample

conventional weapons capability to deter potential adversaries.
However, the Sentinel program is not the only problem.
The hidden

costs of ground-

based ICBM modernization are found in unexpected and little-noticed

places like the ``Energy and Water'' appropriations bill, which would

spend $19.8 billion for ``Weapons Activities,'' a $2.7 billion increase

from the previous year.
So, what is the $19.8 billion for?
This year,

the Department of Energy/NNSA requested a $3 billion down payment for

the production of ``plutonium pits,'' which are the hollow plutonium

shells used to trigger the nuclear reaction.
On its own, this number is

astonishingly high, but it doesn't include the anticipated $8 billion

to build the production facility in Los Alamos and the second facility

at Savannah River, which alone has a projected total project cost of

$18-25 billion, nearly six times the initial estimated cost for

construction.
It will be the most expensive building in America.
And

there is the $1.4 billion requested for stockpile sustainment, the $1.1

billion dollars for the Sentinel warhead development at Lawrence Lab,

which has grown by 63 percent, and the untold cost of the six other

warheads and bombs that support the other nuclear modernization

programs.
Even proponents of modernizing nuclear programs should be concerned

about the high costs.
The January 2023 GAO report found that the NNSA

has not developed a comprehensive schedule or cost estimate and has not

identified all necessary activities or milestones to achieve the

required 80-pit-per-year production capacity.
And why do we need to

produce 80 pits per year when America already has over 4,000 plutonium

pits in storage?
Has anyone studied the potential of repurposing these

pits for the new bombs?
The bottom line is this: Senior officials at

the NNSA admit they won't meet deadlines and have no idea what the

ultimate cost will be.
I have tried to force common-sense reforms to better estimate cost.
For example, I offered a straightforward amendment that would change

the current law requiring 80 pits per year to a lower number that

represents the realistic number of plutonium pits our country needs and

can feasibly produce.
To some, this is seen as an ``extreme radical

position,'' and my proposal was voted down.
Time and time again, I have

been denied the opportunity to bring important nuclear matters to the

floor for debate.
Across the nuclear enterprise, costs are soaring, fears are growing,

and it remains unclear what goals we are achieving.
Yet, amidst soaring

costs and escalating risks, it's imperative to reassess our nuclear

priorities.
Investing more of the modernization budget into diplomacy,

arms control, and education could yield far-reaching benefits,

fostering a stronger and more secure nation.
Congress must fulfill its

duty to allocate taxpayer funds responsibly, avoiding excessive

expenses on wasteful nuclear programs that do little to enhance genuine

security.
Maintaining a ``safe, secure, and effective deterrent'' does

not necessitate these costly modernization plans, especially given the

pressing needs in other areas critical to national strength and

stability.
The significance of arms control cannot be overstated.
Prioritizing

de-escalation isn't just an idealistic notion; it's a necessity.
Arms

races cannot be won.
When we attempt to outpace our adversaries in

weapon development, they inevitably respond in kind, draining our

limited resources and fostering international instability as fear

predominates and the world's most devastating weapons become a more

likely option.
The critical role of arms control in preserving global stability and

security is evident from history's many close calls.
We can't afford to

wait for another Cuban missile crisis to recognize the dangers of

miscommunication and the failure to engage in dialogue.