I look forward to his continued success and

contributions to our Nation.
Lieutenant Colonel Burgos graduated from the Virginia Polytechnic

Institute and State University (Virginia Tech), commissioned into the

U.S. Army Infantry, and entered active duty in May 2005.
He held a

variety of leadership positions as an Infantry Officer prior to

entering the Military Intelligence Corps at the rank of Captain.
As a

Military Intelligence Officer, Lieutenant Colonel Burgos served in a

variety of assignments from Company Command to the Joint Chiefs of

Staff level.
Lieutenant Colonel Burgos has led with tenacity as the Garrison

Commander of Picatinny Arsenal since June 2022.
The installation

employs more than 6,000 employees, all of whom he cares for as his own

family.
His leadership has prioritized the quality of life of the

soldiers, civilians, and families of Picatinny Arsenal.
Lieutenant

Colonel Burgos has shaped Picatinny Arsenal into a world class

workplace, home, and mainstay of the New Jersey economy.
During his time at Picatinny, Lieutenant Colonel Burgos has also been

a valued partner to me and to my team.
His expertise, openness, and

willingness to think outside the box have strengthened my work in

Congress and made me a better, more effective advocate for our service

members and their families.
I also especially appreciate his service on

my Academy Nomination Board to help recognize our next generation of

military leaders as they look to attend the military service academies.
I extend my most heartfelt thanks to Lieutenant Colonel Burgos, and

his family, for their 19 years of service and sacrifice.
I congratulate

Lieutenant Colonel Burgos on his next assignment at the Army War

College and look forward to his continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TED DANSON AND MARY STEENBURGEN

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Ted Danson

and Mary Steenburgen for their deep and abiding allyship to the LGBTQ+

community.
They did so early in their careers, at a time when we were

without many allies who would stand with us.
Their courage is to be

commended.
Ted Danson is known to many through his leading roles on hit TV shows

and movies, like ``Cheers'' and ``The Good Place.''
He has used his

platform as a bully pulpit, fervently championing marriage equality and

vocally opposing discrimination against LGBTQ+ people.
He has used his

star power for good, raising money for LGBTQ+ advocacy groups that

fight for a more just and equal society.
By bringing the power of his

celebrity to bear, Danson exemplifies the profound impact public

figures can have in shaping a more inclusive and accepting society.
Mary Steenburgen has built a career on playing warm and wise

characters--winning an Oscar along the way--but also one deeply

entwined with advocacy for the LGBTQ+ community.
From ``Philadelphia''

to ``Happiest Season,'' she has found ways to use her public persona to

advance the cause of LGBTQ+ rights and visibility.
Rarely has any one

person been able to combine their artistry and advocacy into one,

complete body of work.
She is a wonder.
Together, Ted and Mary form a formidable team whose combined efforts

have significantly bolstered the LGBTQ+ movement.
Their enduring

commitment to championing LGBTQ+ rights highlights the indispensable

role of influential allies in the ongoing struggle for equality and

underscores the transformative power of advocacy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these two

remarkable artists and advocates, who are true allies to LGBTQ+ people

everywhere.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ASSOCIATION OF EQUIPMENT DISTRIBUTORS

HON.
VIRGINIA FOXX

Ms. FOXX.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge members of the

Association of Equipment Distributors from all over the country who are

in D.C. this week for their annual fly-in.
In fact, some of them are

joining us in the gallery tonight.