JUNE 18

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the National

Guard and Reserves.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine unlocking Department of

Transportation financing for more transit-oriented

housing development.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 4207, to reauthorize the

spectrum auction authority of the Federal

Communications Commission.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine work and Social Security

Disability benefits, focusing on addressing challenges

and creating opportunities.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider an Authorization for

Investigation into the Outrageously High Prices Novo

Nordisk Charges for Ozempic and Wegovy in the United

States Compared to Other Countries, an Authorization

for Subpoena of Doug Langa, Executive Vice President of

North America Operations for Novo Nordisk and President

of Novo Nordisk Inc., for Testimony Relating to the

Committee Investigation into the Outrageously High

Prices Novo Nordisk Charges for Ozempic and Wegovy in

the United States Compared to Other Countries, and

other pending calendar business.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine origins of COVID-19, focusing

on available evidence.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety

culture, focusing on testimony from CEO Dave Calhoun.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 2944, to enable the people

political status of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,

and S. 3231, to enable the people of Puerto Rico to

choose a permanent, nonterritorial, fully self-

governing political status for Puerto Rico and to

provide for a transition to and the implementation of

that permanent, nonterritorial, fully self-governing

political status.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and

Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Middle East

and North Africa.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Smithsonian

Institution.
JULY 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the GSA's Public

Buildings Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

UNWINNABLE RACE: CONGRESS'S RESPONSIBILITY TO PREVENT A NUCLEAR ARMS

RACE

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on this body to

fulfill its responsibility in addressing an existential challenge

facing our nation.
For decades, nuclear weapons have threatened the

safety of our country and our planet.
Today, as nations re-arm and

competition re-emerges, we run the risk of repeating our past mistakes

and entering a new cold war.
A nuclear arms race is well underway, and

it poses an existential threat to all.
This Congress must stand up and

stop the escalatory spiral before it's too late.
It's well past time for our voices, the voices of restraint and risk

reduction, to be heard in the nuclear arms debate.
The United States,

the Russian Federation, and the People's Republic of China are locked

into an extraordinarily dangerous nuclear arms race.
All three

countries are rapidly increasing their nuclear firepower with new and

more capable bombs, more long-range missiles, new stealth delivery

systems, bombers, and submarines.
And as tensions heighten, all of this

is dependent on the newest field of warfare: space.
All three countries

depend upon their space assets to observe, detect threats, and

communicate the commands to act.
We must cut through the rhetoric of fear and doomsaying that

dominates our nuclear policy debates.
We can no longer allow the

thoughtful, calm voices to be drowned out by fearmongering cries.
We

must rise above the noise.