Title: CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF DR.
ROBERT SIMARI; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
99

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF DR.
ROBERT SIMARI

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

career of Dr. Robert Simari, executive vice chancellor for the

University of Kansas Medical Center, who will be retiring from the

University of Kansas on June 30, 2024.
Dr. Simari's career has been marked by a distinguished commitment to

uplifting the medical community and paving the way for critical medical

research and advancements.
The staff and students at KU are fortunate to have had Dr. Simari as

a part of their community throughout his career.
Dr. Simari graduated

from the KU School of Medicine in 1986 before going on to serve as vice

chairman of the Mayo Clinic's Division of Cardiology Diseases.
He then

returned to KU as executive dean of the School of Medicine from 2014 to

2019.
Dr. Simari then began serving in his most recent position as

executive vice chancellor of the KU Medical Center, where he has been

credited with leading the Center during a particularly transformational

period.
He took part in hiring the deans of the schools of Medicine and

Nursing, helped the KU Cancer Center earn comprehensive designation

from the National Cancer Institute, led a commitment to building a

valued and respected workforce, and helped grow KU's research

infrastructure in such a way as to enhance KU's status of one of the

Nation's top research institutions.
As KU continues to produce excellent medical professionals, cutting-

edge researchers, and lifesaving health discoveries, we will have Dr.

Simari's legacy to thank.
His service to the Kansas City community and

the medical community at large will be forever cemented by these

contributions, and I'm incredibly grateful for his lifelong dedication

to the health and well-being of our region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FLORA WILSON

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

of

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs.

Flora Wilson, a distinguished native of Batesville, Mississippi.
Mrs. Flora Wilson is a prominent Batesville, Mississippi, native who

has resided in the City of Indianola since 1969.
A respected member of

her community, Mrs. Wilson is well known for her dedication,

generosity, and service.
Mrs. Wilson is a proud mother of four, a grandmother of twelve, and a

great-grandmother of four.
She started working at a daycare at the age

of 18, marking the beginning of her journey of dedication and service

to people.
After serving for twenty years at Stapleton-Staple Cotton

Cooperative, she worked for nine years at Harvest Select Catfish Farm

to wrap off her professional career.
She retired in 2004 to take care

of herself and her only daughter during a health difficulty.
After retiring, Mrs. Wilson has embraced an active and purposeful

life.
As the church mother at Mt. Zion Church of God in Christ (COGIC)

in Rolling Fork, Mississippi, she has cornmitted herself to full-time

church service and serves her congregation by offering spiritual

support and advice.
She also acts as a caretaker, lending her empathy

and support to others in need.
Additionally, Mrs. Wilson has also continued to use her skills as a

seamstress, repairing and altering clothing for residents.
Her work not

only meets a practical need but also fosters a sense of community and

care among her neighbors.
Moreover, she has been an unwavering

supporter of her granddaughter's,

Marion, gospel music career.
Traveling extensively to attend Marion's

performances and offering her love and encouragement every step of the

way.
Mrs. Wilson has constantly shown leadership and caring traits

throughout her life, always volunteering to help her family and the

community.
Her employment as a seamstress and her nurturing obligations

in her family and church are just two examples of the various ways her

hands have been endowed.