Traveling extensively to attend Marion's

performances and offering her love and encouragement every step of the

way.
Mrs. Wilson has constantly shown leadership and caring traits

throughout her life, always volunteering to help her family and the

community.
Her employment as a seamstress and her nurturing obligations

in her family and church are just two examples of the various ways her

hands have been endowed.
The life of Mrs. Flora Wilson serves as an example of the strength of

love, religion, and devotion.
Her daily life will continue to inspire

future generations, and her efforts have left a lasting impression on

those who were lucky enough to know her.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Flora

Wilson for her hard work and dedication to her community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING OFFICER JAMAL MITCHELL

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of 36-year-old

Minneapolis Police Officer, Jamal Mitchell, who was killed in the line

of duty in Minneapolis on Thursday, May 30, 2024.
Officer Jamal

Mitchell joined the Minneapolis Police Department in 2022.
Those who

knew Officer Mitchell saw him as a community leader, a changemaker and

a peacekeeper.
Officer Jamal Mitchell will be remembered for his compassion,

bravery, and love of people.
His courageous efforts were apparent early

on when he saved an elderly couple from a burning home.
Officer Mitchell showed up to work every day to help keep our

communities safe.
He was known to have a big heart and chose to use his

love of people to help strengthen our communities and support young

people.
Even as a police officer, Officer Mitchell found time to give

back to the community by helping coach first- and second-grade boys'

basketball teams.
Officer Mitchell died a hero and will be dearly missed by those who

knew and loved him.
He is survived by his partner, mother, stepfather,

siblings, and his children.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BORBA DAIRY

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Borba Dairy

Family as they are awarded the title of 2024 Dairy Family of the Year.
Frank G. Borba.
Sr.
immigrated from the Azores Islands of Portugal to

the United States in 1914 at the age of 18.
He worked various jobs

until he had the opportunity to start his own dairy in 1924.
In 1920,

Frank married Esperanza (Belmeira) Berberia and they welcomed their son

Frank Jr. in 1928.
In 1939, the dairy moved to its current location in

Porterville, California.
Frank Jr. worked on his father's dairy and

took over operations in 1951.
In 1953, he married Nadine Bettencourt.
Together they had 5 children--Susanna, Frank, Chris, Eric, and Mary--

who were raised on the family dairy.
In 2000, a partnership was formed

that established Borba Dairy.
Today, the family operates three dairies

and takes great pride in their family-owned business.
This June, the

Tulare Chamber of Commerce, Tulare County Dairy Women, and California

Milk Advisory Board are hosting the Annual Salute to Dairy and Dairy

Princess Coronation in celebration of National Dairy Month.
Each year,

Salute to Dairy recognizes a local dairy family for their dedication to

the dairy industry and engagement with the community.
The Borba Dairy

Family is being recognized due to their longstanding commitment to

producing quality dairy products and continuing their family legacy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating the Borba Dairy Family as

they are awarded the title of 2024 Dairy Family of the Year.
Their

contributions to the Central Valley will be felt for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRIGHTMOOR CONNECTION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.