VIRGINIA FOXX

Ms. FOXX.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge members of the

Association of Equipment Distributors from all over the country who are

in D.C. this week for their annual fly-in.
In fact, some of them are

joining us in the gallery tonight.
These great men and women are

entrepreneurs who provide millions of pieces of equipment to all kinds

of industries in our country every year that help our country's

economy.
They deserve our admiration and thanks.
They certainly have

mine.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING UNION LEADER DAVID CASEY

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor David

Casey and his 29 years of public service and dedication to the City of

Pomona with the Operative Plasterers' and Cement Masons' International

Association, Plasterers' Local 200.
David joined the union in 1995 and became a business agent for the

union in 2012.
In 2022, he was appointed as a business manager for the

Plasterers' Local 200.
Throughout his time with the union, he also

served on the Apprenticeship Committee mentoring the next generation of

plasterers entering the field.
In 2001, David was instrumental in

leading a ``Labor to Neighbor'' program in the City of Pomona.
This

program was designed to help seniors improve their homes while

beautifying the neighborhood.
Through the Plasterers' Union

Apprenticeship Program, led by David, local apprentices would work to

re-plaster homes of pre-approved low-income seniors.
David officially retired on March 24, 2024.
I hope that he gets to

rest and enjoy time with his wife, Cyndee, and children, Jason, Kerry,

and Stewart.
We are grateful for his service to our community.
For his outstanding accomplishments, it is my honor to recognize

union leader David Casey.
His years of civic service are worthy of

commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING WAYNE SMITH

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the

remarkable life of Mr. Wayne Smith, who passed away on June 6, 2024,

and offer my sympathy to his family.
I am grateful for his service to

our country as a distinguished maritime captain and an influential

legislative figure, notably contributing to the U.S. House Committee on

Merchant Marine and Fisheries.
His dedication to community service,

creative spirit, and transformative mentorship leaves behind an

enduring legacy of compassion and leadership.
I include in the Record

the following obituary for Wayne Smith:

Wayne Smith was born on December 10, 1945, in Winchester,

Massachusetts, where he grew up alongside his beloved sister

Wendy, whom he adored.
Wayne graduated from Abingdon High School in 1963 and went

on to receive his bachelor's degree from the U.S. Merchant

Marine Academy in 1968.
His maritime career was distinguished

by his service as a Captain, commanding U.S. Naval

Oceanographic vessels and traveling the world.
From 1975 to 1987, Wayne made significant contributions to

the U.S. House Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries.
As

Staff Director of the Subcommittee on Oceanography and the

Subcommittee on Fisheries and Wildlife Conservation and the

Environment, he played a pivotal role in shaping maritime and

environmental legislation.
Concurrently, he served as Chief

of Staff to Congressman and Senator John Breaux of Louisiana,

where his leadership and expertise were invaluable.
In 1981, Wayne, joined forces with Senator John Breaux, who

was then serving as the captain of the Mystick Krewe of

Louisiana.
Together, they conceived a grand and ambitious

idea: Louisiana Alive!
They aimed to celebrate and showcase

the vibrant and diverse culture of Louisiana, extending

beyond the well-known charm of New Orleans to include the

rich traditions and unique flavors of all the state's

parishes.
Their vision was to create an event that captured

the essence of Louisiana's music, cuisine, and heritage,

offering an immersive experience that highlighted the best

the state had to offer.
In recognition of Wayne's extraordinary creativity,

dedication, and inclusive spirit, Louisiana Alive!