We must cut through the rhetoric of fear and doomsaying that

dominates our nuclear policy debates.
We can no longer allow the

thoughtful, calm voices to be drowned out by fearmongering cries.
We

must rise above the noise.
Instead of developing cost-effective

military systems that provide security while defusing tensions, we have

fallen into the fallacy that more missiles make us more secure.
Nothing

could be further from the truth.
Today, we must call out the failures of our current approach to

nuclear modernization and demand that we treat arms control and de-

escalation with the same dedication and focus we give to our nuclear

weapons development.
It is long past time to develop a strategy that

sets priorities, recognizes limitations, and strives for a safer

future.
It is important to step back and consider the history and broader

context of nuclear weapons and Congressional involvement.
Since their

development almost 80 years ago, the destructive capability of nuclear

weapons has terrified and shocked, but also led governments to pursue

their own arsenals and develop the capacity to destroy our civilization

multiple times over.
Governments have justified expanding stockpiles

with convoluted theories of nuclear deterrence that often defy common

sense.
It wasn't until arms control programs and treaties were established

that Russia and the United States de-escalated this spiral of

stockpiling bombs.
Through four decades, progress was made, the number

of deployed and existing nuclear bombs was reduced, and even the most

adversarial countries agreed that ``a nuclear war cannot be won and

must never be fought.''
Yet, despite this understanding, we continue to

maintain and modernize our arsenals with a belief that these weapons

dissuade others from employing theirs.
The threat of nuclear conflict

remains, and with it, life on our planet ending or becoming

dramatically changed.
It would be useful to remind people of the arms control agreements

and the leaders that negotiated them.
I'm sure that some of my

congressional nuclear warriors would be surprised to see that their

most ardent national security heroes negotiated the reductions and

controls.
I recognize the nuclear threats posed by countries like North Korea,

Russia, and China.
I do not deny the challenging security environment

we face.
I am fully aware of the Taiwan/China threat, as well as

China's military buildup and South China Sea expansion.
The North

Korean regime is dangerous and could precipitate a conflict at any

moment.
I condemn Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine,

irresponsible nuclear saber-rattling, and dangerous nuclear exercises.
Despite these serious threats, we must be wise in preparing our

defense and response.
Aggression should not be our first thought when

faced with threats, uncertainty, and misunderstandings.
Therefore, I

strongly support efforts by the U.S. and Chinese governments to engage

in meaningful dialogue that results in specific, concrete actions to

reduce the risk of miscommunication or escalation.
As we navigate these complex geopolitical landscapes, it is

imperative that we pause and reflect on the strategies guiding our

nuclear policy.
Strategy must be more than a word thrown on top of

grandiose statements.
True strategy is making the hard choices to align

our country's limited resources with our unlimited aspirations.
The greatest problem facing our nuclear strategy today is that we

fail to realistically consider that balance, revisit our assumptions,

adjust course when programs fail, and figure out new paths forward.
Once approved, weapons programs persist, even when they nearly double

and triple their budget.
No one stops and says, ``Enough.''
Too often, we allow these debates to be driven by military

calculations and how ``experts'' would fight a nuclear war.
But we must

not forget that in a democratic society, the military is the extension

of the political and not the other way around.
When it comes to

programs and strategies that threaten our very existence, we, as a

whole society, must decide what costs we should bear and what risks we

must take.