Their

contributions to the Central Valley will be felt for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRIGHTMOOR CONNECTION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Brightmoor

Connection, a community food bank and so much more, as they officially

open the doors of their new location in Detroit and announce their

newest programming and partnerships within this community space.
Brightmoor Connection grew out of a consortium of 9 local churches

who came together in 2008 in order to address growing food scarcity

concerns for local families.
More than that, their unique client-choice

approach affords residents dignity while they receive the help they

need.
In their new space, Brightmoor Connection will grow its network

of partners to serve even more communities and families in need.
They

will also launch their newest youth programming for young

entrepreneurs.
Please join me and the 12th Congressional District in celebrating the

opening of Brightmoor Connection's new location and announcement of its

new programs and services to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
AL MIJARES' SERVICE TO ORANGE COUNTY AS THE OC

SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS

HON.
MICHELLE STEEL

Mrs. STEEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me

in recognizing Dr. Al Mijares' service to Orange County as the Orange

County Superintendent of Schools.
Dr. Mijares has served as the Orange County Superintendent of Schools

since August 2012, where he led Orange County educators in equipping

our students with all the necessary tools to ``lead the nation in

college and career readiness and success.''
Under his leadership, the

Orange County Department of Education was able to help students from

Orange County outperform the state and regional averages.
Dr. Mijares

should be commended for all his hard work throughout his career and his

dedication to educating the next generation of Americans.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Dr. Al Mijares for his

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JEREMY KUREK

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Assistant Fire

Chief Jeremy Kurek for his 22 years of service with the Dearborn Fire

Department in Michigan's 12th District Strong.
Assistant Fire Chief Kurek began his career as a firefighter with the

Dearborn Fire Department in 2002.
He has been steadfast in his

commitment to the people of Dearborn and upholding public safety,

serving in multiple roles including Engineer, Lieutenant, and Captain

before being promoted to Assistant Fire Chief.
Assistant Chief Kurek

has been recognized for his outstanding service many times, earning the

John D. Dingell Medal of Freedom Memorial Commendation and Firefighter

of the Year Award in 2019.
These are the highlights of a long and

outstanding career, with extensive recognition to public service.
Please join me in recognizing Assistant Fire Chief Jeremy Kurek for

more than 20 years of service to the people of Michigan's 12th District

as we wish him well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL ALEXANDER D. BURGOS (USA) SERVICE TO

PICATINNY ARSENAL

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant

Colonel Alexander D. Burgos for his selfless service and dedication to

the service members, families, and civilians of Picatinny Arsenal, New

Jersey.
It is my privilege to honor a leader that has served and

supported New Jersey's 11th Congressional District, the State of New

Jersey, and our country.
I look forward to his continued success and

contributions to our Nation.
Lieutenant Colonel Burgos graduated from the Virginia Polytechnic

Institute and State University (Virginia Tech), commissioned into the

U.S. Army Infantry, and entered active duty in May 2005.
He held a

variety of leadership positions as an Infantry Officer prior to

entering the Military Intelligence Corps at the rank of Captain.