Too often, we allow these debates to be driven by military

calculations and how ``experts'' would fight a nuclear war.
But we must

not forget that in a democratic society, the military is the extension

of the political and not the other way around.
When it comes to

programs and strategies that threaten our very existence, we, as a

whole society, must decide what costs we should bear and what risks we

must take.
Our nuclear strategy must be balanced and rational, allowing

for deterrence and defensive actions while encouraging collaboration

for a more peaceful future.
We in Congress are part of the problem.
We have bought into the

assumption that more nuclear weapons will make us safer.
Ever-growing

costs reflect the irrationality that has plagued our nuclear policy.
In

the name of ``modernization,'' we've taken on hundreds of billions of

dollars of additional spending, and the nuclear accounts grow without

question or scrutiny.
An example is the nuclear modernization efforts.
The political price

tag for New START was the modernization of all three legs of America's

nuclear triad.
Proponents told us the multi-billion-dollar cost was

necessary to ensure that we continue to have a viable deterrent.
Today,

we can and should debate whether every part of modernization is cost-

effective and necessary for deterrence.
We must also fully understand

the reasons for the massive growth in the cost of all these programs.
Let's turn to the new Sentinel ICBM, which is destined to replace the

Minuteman III.
It has incurred an egregious 37 percent cost overrun,

making the program's cost almost 211 percent higher than the Air

Force's initial 2015 estimate.
This has triggered a critical Nunn-

McCurdy cost overrun, forcing a stop and a full statutory review.
Despite the new estimated cost of $130 billion, there are loud and

clear reflexive signals that the Pentagon and Congress intend to plow

ahead no matter the cost or the necessity.
``We'll do whatever is

necessary.''
While this may be convenient, the law requires a complete and full

review that addresses five critical steps. (
1) The program is essential

to national security; (2) there are no alternatives to the program that

will provide acceptable capability; (3) the new cost estimates have

been determined to be reasonable; (4) the program is a higher priority

than programs whose funding will be reduced to cover the increased cost

of this program; and (5) the management structure is sufficient to

control additional cost growth.
It is imperative that the Pentagon

conduct a thorough examination to assess the necessity and feasibility

of continuing the program in its current state.
Equally necessary is

that Congress engage in a full debate to assess the Pentagon's

rationale.
Without public pressure, it is doubtful that any hearings

will occur, and that's why our Congressional Nuclear Weapons and Arms

Control Working Group will hold its own hearing on July 24th.
For years, Congress has dictated in the annual NDAA that the U.S.

maintain a minimum of 400 ICBMs.
A number founded not on logic but

because ``that's what we have always had.''
The number of ground-based

ICBMs should not be set by the number of existing concrete silos but in

the honest analysis of nuclear strategy.
Such a review must consider

the risk of a catastrophic mistake inherent in the Sentinel program.
In

the event of an attack, it is assumed that the first target is the

well-known locations of the ICBMs.
It's a use-it or lose-it situation.
Therefore, a ``Launch on Warning'' is the operational imperative.
The

President has only minutes to decide if the attack is real.
If the nuclear program is for deterrence, then the submarines,

airplanes, and their missiles offer sufficient firepower to dissuade an

adversary.
These systems have the benefit of stealth, and the President

has the time to gather all information and then decide to use the

nuclear response.
If that weren't enough, we also have ample

conventional weapons capability to deter potential adversaries.