MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 1

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the taxation of digital

assets.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Scott

Mayer, of Pennsylvania, and James Murphy, of Maryland,

both to be a Member of the National Labor Relations

Board, and Rosario Palmieri, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary of Labor.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jennifer

Lee Mascott, of Delaware, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Third Circuit, Rebecca L. Taibleson, of

Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the

Seventh Circuit, David A. Bragdon, to be United States

District Judge for the Middle District of North

Carolina, Robert P. Chamberlin, to be United States

District Judge for the Northern District of

Mississippi, Lindsey Ann Freeman, to be United States

District Judge for the Middle District of North

Carolina, Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., to be United States

District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama,

Bill Lewis, to be United States District Judge for the

Middle District of Alabama, James D. Maxwell II, to be

United States District Judge for the Northern District

of Mississippi, Harold D. Mooty III, to be United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

Alabama, Matthew E. Orso, to be United States District

Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Susan

Courtwright Rodriguez, to be United States District

Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Sara

Bailey, of Texas, to be Director of National Drug

Control Policy, Braden Boucek, to be United States

Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee for the

term of four years, David Courcelle, to be United

States Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana

for the term of four years, Dominick Gerace II, to be

United States Attorney for the Southern District of

Ohio for the term of four years, Jerome Francis Gorgon,

Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern

District of Michigan for the term of four years, James

Kruger, to be United States Attorney for the Southern

District of Mississippi for the term of four years,

Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney for the

Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four

years, Bryan Stirling, to be United States Attorney for

the District of South Carolina for the term of four

years, and Thomas Wheeler II, to be United States

Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana for the

term of four years.
POSTPONEMENTS

OCTOBER 1

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 90, to prohibit the use of

funds by the Secretary of the Interior to finalize and

implement certain travel management plans in the State

of Utah, S. 91, to improve Federal activities relating

to wildfires, S. 140, to address the forest health

crisis on the National Forest System and public lands,

S. 451, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to eliminate

an administrative fee, S. 764, to provide for the

designation of certain wilderness areas, recreation

management areas, and conservation areas in the State

of Colorado, S. 790, to redesignate the National

Historic Trails Interpretive Center in Casper, Wyoming,

as the ``Barbara L. Cubin National Historic Trails

Interpretive Center'', S. 888, to designate certain

land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and

the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness

and national recreation areas, to withdraw certain land

located in Curry County and Josephine County, Oregon,

from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal

under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent

under the mining laws, and operation under the mineral

leasing and geothermal leasing laws, S. 902, to require

the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the

Interior to establish a standard for the response time

to wildfire incidents, S. 945, to amend the Smith River

National Recreation Area Act to include certain

additions to the Smith River National Recreation Area,

to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate

certain wild rivers in the State of Oregon, S. 1005, to

provide for conservation and economic development in

the State of Nevada, S. 1195, to promote conservation,

improve public land management, and provide for

sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, S.

1175, to amend section 6903 of title 31, United States

Code, to provide for additional population tiers, S.

1228, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to

modify the cost-sharing requirement for conservation

projects carried out by a qualified youth or

conservation corps, S. 1319, to withdraw certain

Federal land in the Pecos Watershed area of the State

of New Mexico from mineral entry, S. 1341, to amend the

Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 to add certain land to

the Sarvis Creek Wilderness, S. 1363, to provide for

greater cooperation and coordination between the

Federal Government and the governing bodies and

community users of land grant-mercedes in New Mexico

relating to historical or traditional uses of certain

land grant-mercedes on Federal public land, S. 1468, to

amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to

provide that Alexander Creek, Incorporated, is

recognized as a Village Corporation under that Act, S.

1476, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to

designate certain segments of the Gila River system in

the State of New Mexico as components of the National

Wild and Scenic Rivers System, to provide for the

transfer of administrative jurisdiction over certain

Federal land in the State of New Mexico, S. 1737, to

designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic

National Forest in the State of Washington, and to

designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and

Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S.

1860, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey

to Brian Head Town, Utah, certain National Forest

System land, S. 2016, to exchange non-Federal land held

by the Chugach Alaska Corporation for certain Federal

Land in the Chugach Region, S. 2033, to direct the

Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a

study on existing programs, rules, and authorities that

enable or inhibit wildfire mitigation across land

ownership boundaries on Federal and non-Federal land,

S. 2042, to provide lasting protection for inventoried

roadless areas within the National Forest System, S.

2262, to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management

Act of 1976 to clarify the nature of public investment

for purposes of certain rulemaking, S. 2273, to amend

the Act of July 10, 1890, to modify certain provisions

relating to the disposal of public land in the State of

Wyoming for educational purposes, S. 2417, to direct

the Secretary of Agriculture to issue a special use

permit with respect to the maintaining of a flagpole

bearing the flag of the United States at Kyhv Peak

Lookout Point, Utah.