Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
159

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 30, 2025 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 1

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the taxation of digital

assets.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Scott

Mayer, of Pennsylvania, and James Murphy, of Maryland,

both to be a Member of the National Labor Relations

Board, and Rosario Palmieri, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary of Labor.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jennifer

Lee Mascott, of Delaware, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Third Circuit, Rebecca L. Taibleson, of

Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the

Seventh Circuit, David A. Bragdon, to be United States

District Judge for the Middle District of North

Carolina, Robert P. Chamberlin, to be United States

District Judge for the Northern District of

Mississippi, Lindsey Ann Freeman, to be United States

District Judge for the Middle District of North

Carolina, Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., to be United States

District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama,

Bill Lewis, to be United States District Judge for the

Middle District of Alabama, James D. Maxwell II, to be

United States District Judge for the Northern District

of Mississippi, Harold D. Mooty III, to be United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

Alabama, Matthew E. Orso, to be United States District

Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Susan

Courtwright Rodriguez, to be United States District

Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Sara

Bailey, of Texas, to be Director of National Drug

Control Policy, Braden Boucek, to be United States

Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee for the

term of four years, David Courcelle, to be United

States Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana

for the term of four years, Dominick Gerace II, to be

United States Attorney for the Southern District of

Ohio for the term of four years, Jerome Francis Gorgon,

Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern

District of Michigan for the term of four years, James

Kruger, to be United States Attorney for the Southern

District of Mississippi for the term of four years,

Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney for the

Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four

years, Bryan Stirling, to be United States Attorney for

the District of South Carolina for the term of four

years, and Thomas Wheeler II, to be United States

Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana for the

term of four years.