The Secretary of State will know that  Oasis kicks off their world tour this week, and I am proud that their first English gig is in the borough of Bury—a brilliant moment for Manchester’s world-class  live music scene.
Hosting the five sold-out shows with 72,000 fans a night brings the band 50 million quid, but it brings serious local pressure on licensing, safety, transport and clean-up, yet Bury receives no funding for those additional costs.
The as yet unconfirmed suggested £25,000 community fund barely scratches the surface.
While we are proud to host, should the legacy of such a global event really just be the prep and clear-up costs?
Will the Secretary of State and her Department ensure that communities like mine see a fairer share of the benefit and not just the burden of hosting major cultural events?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is absolutely fitting that Oasis are returning to Greater Manchester, and Bury is a very fitting venue, not least because my hon.
Friend has long championed live music and also indulged—or should I say inflicted?—live music on many of us for years.
He will know that this Government are keen to ensure that the communities feel the benefit.
In particular, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has been working hard with industry to introduce a levy on arena and stadium tickets to ensure that we support small venues and help more artists tour nationally.
The arts and music in particular are an ecosystem, which we are determined to rebuild after 14 years of neglect.
I very much support the creative industries sector plan.
I think it will do a lot of good in ensuring that live music is promoted, and I hope to see some of the trickle-down effect that the Secretary of State talks about, but the creative industries sector plan also talks about establishing a copyright regime that values and protects human creativity.
Can she say when we might see the promised report, when the working groups might be set up, and who will be asked to serve on them?