We all know that Morecambe and Lunesdale is the most beautiful constituency in the country, and the village of Dent is particularly beautiful.
Unfortunately, 40% of homes there are now second homes or short-term holiday lets.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact of short-term lets on rural housing availability, and on how regulatory reform might help?
I can confirm that my hon.
Friend’s constituency is indeed beautiful, having recently visited with her, as well as for a family holiday.
She is absolutely right that the proliferation of holiday lets is becoming a real challenge for tourist hotspots like hers.
This Government are taking steps.
We have some measures in the Renters’ Rights Bill, but further conversations will be taken forward, and I am sure that we will work with her and others on that.
On Tuesday, a written statement was published at 12 noon that announced that three hours later, the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme and Afghan relocations and assistance policy were to close with immediate effect.
That comes six weeks after an assurance that the scheme would continue for the present, so that we could keep the promises made to the people of Afghanistan.
Can we have a statement in this place, so that we can properly understand the reasons for the decision being made so quickly; how we are communicating with Afghans in hiding, often in third countries like Pakistan; and what will happen to those applications still in the system?
I am sorry that the hon.
Member did not feel that we were forthcoming enough on that matter, and I will ensure that she gets an update on it.
We constantly keep these schemes under review, and we have to take into account a whole range of issues when considering whether to close or extend them.
Those decisions and conversations are ongoing, but I will ensure that she gets an update.
The Bumble Bees rugby union football club, based at the Bradford and Bingley sports club in my constituency, is England’s first mixed ability contact rugby union.
It was founded in 2009 by a determined young man with cerebral palsy and learning difficulties.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating the Bumble Bees following their bronze cup win at the international mixed ability rugby tournament in Spain last month?
They played six games in just five days in temperatures of up to 35°.
Will she also join me in congratulating Tessa Lightowler, who carried the GB flag at the open Europe Down’s syndrome championship in Prague this week and will be competing in the shotput competition?
Perhaps we could make time for a debate to celebrate the contribution of disabled and learning disabled athletes.
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the Bumble Bees rugby club in her constituency, and Tessa Lightowler on carrying the GB flag in the recent championships.
I am sure the whole House will join in congratulating all our disabled athletes on the contribution they make, and in recognising the importance of their being able to do so.
The rigged Government consultation on Islamophobia is overseen by supposedly independent people who have already declared their support for a definition that will kill free speech in this country.
An invitation to participate in the consultation was sent only to hand-picked organisations, the identities of which the Government refuse to disclose.
One of them appears to be the Muslim Council of Britain, which is supposedly subject to a Government policy of non-engagement.
Which organisations were  invited to take part in the consultation?
Do they include the Muslim Council of Britain?
May we have an oral statement, to provide some badly needed transparency?
It is really important that we tackle Islamophobia in this country.
It has been on the rise in recent years, and it is one of the biggest issues raised with me as a constituency MP.
We are considering how best to tackle it and define the issues.
As ever, all Government consultations are open and transparent, and all the findings will be published and brought to the House in due course.
May I place on the record my sadness at the loss of Diogo Jota and his brother Andre?
I know it will be felt across my city of Liverpool.
My thoughts and prayers are with his wife and three young children.
The six-week statutory maximum for the use of bed-and-breakfast accommodation is being ignored.
Under the direction of the late Lord Prescott and the previous Labour Government, this rule was enforced, and while I welcome our Government’s commitment to building social homes, we need short to medium-term interventions to address the crisis now.
We cannot wait for the social homes to be built.
Will the Leader of the House enable a debate to take place in Government time on the 165,000 children languishing in temporary accommodation?