As we came into the Chamber today, we heard the tragic news of the passing of Diogo Jota, the Liverpool footballer, at the age of 28.
I want to put on the record our condolences to his friends and family, and to Liverpool fans across the world.
These are the first DCMS orals since the spending review, which made real-term cuts to DCMS revenue and capital budgets.
For months, we have been warning the Secretary of State not to let the Chancellor take money away from the creative industries, but it is quite clear that the Secretary of State and her Ministers failed to stand up for this key sector.
She talks about the legacy of theatre for children, but of course, to have that, we need a thriving theatre sector.
The Society of London Theatre and UK Theatre said that although the Government talk a good game on backing our creative industries, the figures tell a different story.
They are right, aren’t they?
The Secretary of State and the Minister failed to stand up for our world-leading theatres and creative industries, didn’t they?
That is some brass neck from the Opposition given the appalling state of what we inherited—not only years of neglect of theatre in particular, but also the lack of investment in the infrastructure and the buildings, which left us with a situation where our great national institutions were struggling just to stay open.
Across the country and in so many communities, the local theatre, which provided the access to the richer, larger life that we have been discussing, was allowed to close.
The last Government showed a violent indifference to theatre and the arts in general.
We have more than doubled investment into the creative industries and made them one of our eight priorities for growth.
I am proud to be working with theatres, big and small, across the country to usher in a new golden era in which they can flourish.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure the creative industries sector plan supports the growth of live music.
May I take a moment to echo the shadow Minister’s comments about Diogo Jota?
We received the heartbreaking news before we came into the Chamber that he tragically lost his life at just 28 years of age.
The whole House and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Wavertree (Paula Barker)  in particular will be heartbroken by this news, and I want to send our sympathies to his friends and family on behalf of the whole House.
The whole House should be proud of the creative industries sector plan.
We worked on it with the creative industries as a whole and with Members across the House.
I am really pleased that we have a transformative music growth package worth up to £30 million in that sector plan that more than doubles annual funding.