Unfortunately, the Leader of the House was not able to announce the business beyond Tuesday of the week after next, so I cannot announce what the business in the Chamber will be on  Thursday 17 July .
Indeed, she also did not announce what will happen in the final week before recess, and we are due to have the Sir David Amess summer pre-recess Adjournment debate on one of those days.
It would be helpful to have an update on when we will have that debate.
In addition, we will have this business in Westminster Hall: next week, on  Tuesday 8 July  there will be a debate on alcohol and cancer, which is quite appropriate given the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss) .
On  Thursday 10 July  there will be a debate on state support for victims of terrorism, followed by a debate on London’s contribution to the national economy.
On  Tuesday 15 July , there will be a debate on special educational needs and disabilities provision in the south-east.
On  Thursday 17 July  there will be a debate on the role of freedom of religion or belief in UK foreign policy, followed by a debate on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war.
On  Tuesday 22 July , there will be a debate on Black Country Day.
Members who have been here for a while will know that I have been campaigning for more than 20 years for Stanmore station in my constituency to receive a lift or some form of step-free access.
The good news a little while ago was that Queensbury and Canons Park stations are now on the list to have step-free access.
I immediately wrote to the commissioner of Transport for London to say, “What about Stanmore station?”
I have received a reply this week, which may interest you, Mr Speaker, and others.
The definition of step-free access “means lifts, ramps and level surfaces so you don’t have to use stairs or escalators, and can avoid the step and gap onto our trains, buses and boats”.
However, the reply went on to say that Stanmore station is classified as having step-free access, despite the fact that it says quite clearly, “‘Station entry and exit requires a 110m journey via the station car park, including steep ramps.’”
TfL forgets to say that this is the access to the Royal National Orthopaedic hospital in Stanmore and that a Paralympian is unable to get up that slope unaided.
I have been in correspondence with the Chair of the Transport Committee,  the hon.
Member for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) , who agrees that we need an updated definition.
The Secretary of State for Transport is a former deputy Mayor of London for transport, so may we have a statement from her on what we will do about ensuring that there is proper step-free access and a proper definition of it?
May I thank the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee for announcing some of the forthcoming business?
I can assure him that we will be in conversation very soon about the business on the following Thursday and ahead of the recess.
I know how important it is to this House and to him as the Chair of the Committee that we have the Sir David Amess pre-summer recess debate, and the whole House would expect that we have that at the appropriate moment.
Hopefully, we can have positive conversations about that coming up.
The hon.
Member is right to raise issues about step-free access—I have heard him do that many times before—particularly at Stanmore station and others in his constituency.
He will know that those stations are a matter for TfL, but Ministers talk to TfL about such matters on an ongoing basis.
I can assure him that the Secretary of State for Transport is personally very committed to ensuring that all our stations become step-free, with access to all eventually.
It is a big job, because over half the stations across the country do not currently have that.
It is important not just for those with disabilities, but for those with buggies and young children, those who carry lots of luggage and all sorts of other people to ensure that our transport network is truly accessible.
To help everybody, let me say that my intention is to call everyone, so let us help each other by speeding through.
As a good example, I call Andy MacNae.
Every day in my constituency, we are faced with poorly organised and overrunning street works clogging up our roads.
A lane rental scheme through which companies pay for  the time the works take would reduce such delays on our busiest roads.
However, I remain frustrated that, so far, Lancashire county council has refused to introduce one.
I welcomed the announcement last year by the Secretary of State for Transport that the authority for lane rental schemes would be devolved to regional mayors.
However, it was notably absent from the English Devolution White Paper, so I am concerned that it may fall by the wayside.
Will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time on this important subject?
My hon.
Friend is always a good candidate to call early, because he asks good questions about his constituency.
He is absolutely right that poorly managed roadworks are a blight on our communities; I hear about that many times in these sessions.
We are giving local areas more powers in that regard and are doubling fines and applying charges of up to £10,000 a day for utility works that overrun.
He can be assured that the devolution Bill will be coming before this House imminently.
As I am sure you, Mr Speaker, and the Leader of the House know, the number of children who have been killed in the war on Gaza now runs into the many thousands.
Similar numbers of children have been mutilated and injured, and a large number of them require specialist medical treatment.
As I hope she knows, countries across the west have responded by bringing those children who cannot get the treatment that they need in Gaza to their country for treatment.
Shamefully, the UK has not done so, admitting only two children so far.
The Home Secretary has inexplicably refused many applications to come here, despite the fact that Project Pure Hope has raised all the money required for the children’s transport, treatment and maintenance.
May we please have a statement, so that MPs can understand why the numbers are so small, why applications have been refused, and what the Government will do to increase the number?
If we cannot have a statement, may we at least have a meeting between the relevant Minister and a cross-party delegation of MPs to discuss what more can be done to help these children in dire need?