I wish to cover two crossings: one old and closed, which is the Gravesend to Tilbury ferry; and one planned and very expensive, which is the lower Thames crossing.
For those who do not know, Gravesham constituency is a river community.
We are bound by the River Thames, with all its history, just as we Members are here in the House, and we are only 20 miles apart.
For much of the history of the borough, there have been river crossings, certainly since Roman times.
According to one esteemed local historian, Christoph Bull, the right of long ferry was exclusively given to Gravesend watermen to provide a river service to and from London.
This is a bit of a history lesson, but that was confirmed by the King in 1401 in a charter, the aim being to help rebuild the town after a fire in 1380.
Since then, there has been a river crossing in place between the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thurrock (Jen Craft)  and mine.
It has connected the two ancient kingdoms of Kent and Essex for eons, enabling travel for trade, leisure and tourism.
Today, the Port of London Authority, which controls all travel of boats up and down the Thames, is based in my constituency, and I pay tribute to it.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution has a base on the river in Gravesend, and I know that the House would want to extend our thanks to it for the work it does across the country.
The people of Gravesham and of my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Thurrock are river people.
Many families, including mine, have links to the river.
My late father-in-law, Trevor Mochrie, was a Gravesend tug seaman, who worked on the river early in his career, before working on the high seas.
As the river is the main artery to and from London, Gravesham was and is strong on industry, and it is a source of employment in tourism and leisure.
In particular, we have our Gravesend regatta, which is celebrating 179 years.
It was running before that, but it was made official 179 years ago by the council, because of some very unparliamentary disputes that took place about who won a race.
I place on record my tributes to the committee, its chair, Shane Cleaver, and all the volunteers for keeping this tradition going in a sportsmanlike fashion, and there have been no further disputes of that kind.
Given that extensive local history and heritage, it was to our dismay and that of residents, businesses and visitors from Thurrock and Gravesend that Thurrock council and Kent county council ceased funding the Gravesend-Tilbury ferry service last year.
Since the ending of that service, local businesses have suffered significantly.
They have told me that it has impacted on people’s ability to get to and from work, and that they have lost many people who cannot bear the thought of taking the Dartford crossing in order to get to work.
On our high street, one particular business, Marie’s Tea Room, which used to cater for the passing trade from the large cruise ships that used to dock at Tilbury, has  been impacted to the point that it can no longer employ a member of staff.
These things have impacts, and I am sure it is the same across our high street.
I have been running a petition, as has my hon.
Friend the Member for Thurrock, and there have been others.
My petition has garnered thousands of signatures— Motion lapsed ( Standing Order No. 9(3) ).
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Keir Mather.)
My petition, which has garnered thousands of signatures, calls for the return of the ferry service.
It is clear that businesses and residents want their ferry back.
At present, there is a desire for people to travel by public transport, which I support.
People should leave their cars at home, but they need options.
Previously, the option was a 10-minute jump across the water.
Now, the options are a train into London and back out again, or multiple buses to get through the Dartford crossing.
All this is costing us precious time.
If we as a society want to support public transport, relieving congestion on the roads should be at the heart of everything we do.
Take the example of the Woolwich ferry, which, by parliamentary statute, must be run and is not able to charge.
I am not asking—tempting as it is—for that to be the case for the Gravesend-Tilbury ferry, but I am asking the local authority to protect these valuable transport routes.
The hon.
Gentleman is welcome to choose his tone; I will continue to the end of my comments.
My job is to come and explain the Government’s decision, and to be held accountable for it.
That is what I am doing today, and what I will continue to do over the course of my remarks.
It is right that the Government are then asked questions about their decision; that is the nature of this democracy, as the hon.
Member for East Wiltshire said.
An important consideration in the Government making this decision was that evidence showed that sending people unsolicited letters is unlikely to affect what they know.
That is why letters are sent only as part of wider communication campaigns.
This evidence was not properly considered by the ombudsman.
Another consideration was that the great majority of 1950s-born women were aware of the state pension age changing, if not of a change in their specific state pension age, as several hon.
Members have pointed out.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Salford mentioned the statistic of 43%, referring to the 2024 rather than 2023 survey.
However, as she will know, that refers to all women, including some women as young as 16; if we look at the cohort of women born in the 1950s, the figure is far, far higher.
On those and other grounds, we rejected the ombudsman’s approach to injustice and remedy.
Members will be aware that litigation is live, so I will not go into lots more detail on the research evidence, which is the core of that litigation.
I will just say two things: first, our decision was based on published research reports, which were robust and met professional standards; secondly, the same awareness research, which the right hon.
Member for New Forest East disparaged, was used by the ombudsman.