I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a huge supporter and champion of women’s football, and I look forward to visiting his constituency in September.
I have heard the calls from the Liberal Democrat Benches and across the House on the FA cup prize money.
The FA has taken steps to increase the total fund for the women’s FA cup and we are paying attention to what happens next.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that disabled people have equal access to live events.
It is crucial that access to live events is open to disabled people.
We are supporting Arts Council England and its partners to develop the All In scheme, which should significantly improve accessibility in that area.
Last summer I was at the Paralympics, where I was horrified to hear from young people with disabilities about their lack of access to sport in particular.
This Government are taking every action and using every lever at our disposal to change that.
In my Shipley constituency, the highly valued Bingley arts centre has made great strides in improving accessibility for disabled people.
However, with 78% of arts centres behind schedule on essential building maintenance, it is clear that more investment is needed.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of the All In fund; can she assure me that local theatres such as Bingley arts centre will benefit from that investment to help them continue to make the arts inclusive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this matter, and I sincerely thank her for bringing it to the House; it is not something we talk about enough.
The creative industries sector plan contained £150 million-worth of funding for the creative places growth fund.
Much of that funding is being devolved to  local areas, and I will ensure that my colleagues and I work closely with my hon.
Friend and with local leaders, particularly mayors of combined authorities, to ensure that as we roll out that funding, it is accessible to everybody.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on charities.
The Government highly value the charity sector and its positive contribution.
However, we have had to take a number of difficult decisions on tax, welfare and spending to fix the public finances, fund public services and restore economic stability.
The National Council for Voluntary Organisations puts the cost at £1.4 billion.
That is right, isn’t it?
I reiterate that we really value the charity sector, but we have had to make some very difficult decisions.
What discussions she has had with sports governing bodies on ensuring that they are compliant with the Supreme Court judgment in the case of For Women Scotland
The Scottish Ministers.
We have discussed the ruling with Sport England and UK Sport.
It obviously has profound implications for sport as a whole, and those organisations are currently considering the implications for their own guidance.
We are keen to support them in that, but my hon.
Friend will know that national governing bodies set their own policies for who can participate in domestic competition.
More than two months after the Supreme Court clarified the law, there remains a long list of sporting bodies that are denying fairness to women and girls, including Parkrun and, remarkably, sports such as weightlifting and wrestling—the mind boggles.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is no need to wait for further guidance and that these bodies should take the advice of the Prime Minister and get on with it?
As I said to my hon.
Friend a moment ago, we have been working closely with sporting bodies to support them as they implement the recent judgment by the Supreme Court.
As a Government, we have always been clear that, when it comes to women’s sport, biology matters and our sporting bodies need to come up with policies that protect fairness and safety, while rightly ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to participate in sport in some capacity.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of dormant assets funding on access to sport for young people in Bournemouth.
The Government recently published their first ever dormant assets strategy, setting out how £440 million will be distributed in England.
Some £132.5 million will increase disadvantaged young people’s access to enrichment opportunities in the arts, culture, sport and wider youth services.
The Henry Brown centre in West Howe, in my Bournemouth West constituency, runs a range of activities for the community, including the Changes Are Made boxing club, which provides positive sport activities for local young people and aims to raise awareness about the dangers of knife crime.
Like many community centres and clubs, it would like to expand but struggles to find the funds to do so.
Will the Minister tell me how CAM and the Henry Brown centre can access the dormant asset funds to expand the amazing work that they are doing in the local area?
The Government will work with the National Lottery Community Fund to decide on the specific programmes, and we will outline how that funding will be allocated shortly.
I pay tribute to the organisations in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work and activities, and I would happily meet her to discuss the issue further.
What recent progress her Department has made on delivering the creative industries sector plan.
The UK is a creative superpower and we are determined to take off the brakes that have been on for far too long.
Our creative industries sector plan is the start of a 10-year journey that will firmly establish the UK as the leader in this, and we are working with creative businesses, big and small, in every part of the country to implement and build on this amazing ambition.
Thanks to a Labour council, mayor and Government working together, diggers are now in the ground at the Crown Works site in my constituency, preparing it for transformation into film studios.
The selection of a private sector partner is now starting, so can the Secretary of State say how the Government’s industrial strategy for the creative industries, which specifically mentions this project, will ensure that the scheme is delivered, while also supporting the wider screen industry cluster in north-east England?
Anyone who has ever visited Sunderland will know why the film industry is based there and why it is thriving there.
We are determined to support that.
We are working with Sunderland city council and the North East mayoral combined authority.
They are confident  that a private investor will be secured to support Crown Works film studios.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the incredible work that he is doing to support the project, bring great jobs and growth to north-east England, and help our amazing film industry thrive.
Last week, I spent time at the Box museum in Plymouth, before heading to Plympton in my constituency for the unveiling of a blue plaque to honour the life of Sir Charles Lock Eastlake, who was the first director of the National Gallery and chair of the commission to procure art for the new Palace of Westminster.
One question that was raised was about tax incentives for philanthropic giving to museums and art galleries.
I note the tax relief mentioned in the creative industries sector plan, so will the Secretary of State tell me if that will address the question raised with me by the sector last week?
We are working on a plan to bring forward more philanthropy in the UK, as well as social impact investing.
We think there is enormous untapped potential, and we are looking at all aspects of that.
We will bring more detail to the House shortly.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government are betting big on the creative industries.
We have put them at the heart of our industrial strategy, with a sector plan backed by £380 million of investment that will boost regional growth, stimulate private investment and create thousands more high-quality jobs.
Talent is everywhere, but opportunity is not, and this Government have wasted no time in turning that around.
Scarborough Athletic football club is proudly 100% fan owned.
Recently, the home ground that it rents from North Yorkshire council was declared unfit to play on due to botched astroturf installation.
The club faces significant financial losses now that they need to play matches at another ground.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what support is available to secure the future of this beloved club, which is at the heart of our community?