I pay tribute to the social cohesion work happening in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I would just highlight that bishops and church officials have been in discussion with the Minister for Faith in the other place on community cohesion issues.
The Church did write to the Prime Minister following the publication of the White Paper to call for a more holistic integration strategy, and this has also been raised in meetings.
I commend all our church and faith organisations that came together during the riots last summer, and demonstrated how we can work collaboratively across all our communities.
A really positive example of community cohesion in action is the Rewild the Church project, with the Lewes Climate Hub and churches in Lewes joining forces to tackle biodiversity loss and bring people together through their parishes.
They are working towards the inspiring goal of rewilding 30% of Church-owned land by 2030.
Will the Second Church Estates Commissioner join me in congratulating them on this important work, and support this ambition for the Church of England to lead by example in restoring nature and supporting local communities to come together in doing so?
I congratulate the hon.
Member and those in his constituency on the work taking place on that really important issue.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We continue to see the Christian community attacked by Israeli soldiers and settlers, as happened as recently as last week.
Anglican aid agencies are providing financial assistance to Church institutions, including the Princess Basma Centre in East Jerusalem, St Luke’s hospital in Nablus and the Arab Evangelical Episcopal school in Ramallah.
This work is ongoing, and there is a global appeal for support for these aid agencies.
The UK Government have begun to issue visas for critically injured and sick Gazan children in need of specialist expert medical treatment, but only a handful of children have been granted visas and brought to the UK for urgent treatment.
What support can the Church provide to not just Christian children, but all children in the Occupied Palestinian Territories in desperate need of medical evacuation?