I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for that and for making the very important distinction between independence and accountability.
We heard in this House, and I was able to bring to the House, the absolutely shocking stories of the impact that this issue has had on the Jewish community in this country.
Given the seriousness of what happened, I expect there to be accountability at the highest levels.
While it could be said that the Conservative party could fit into a children’s paddling pool, we in Isle of Wight West take swimming—as well as our issue with ferries—very seriously.
I thought hon.
Members would like that one.
West Wight sports and community centre is an excellent community-run  facility that needs to replace its swimming pool after 50 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how it might access grants to do so?
My hon.
Friend is a good champion for his constituency.
The Government recognise that sports facilities, including swimming facilities, are incredibly important, and I would be delighted to meet him to discuss it further.
My constituency is the home of Hampshire Cricket.
Last Thursday, I visited Fair Oak cricket club, which has a fantastic new pavilion and a thriving community of players, coaches and volunteers who are passionate about growing the game.
In April 2024, the previous Government announced a £35 million investment in grassroots cricket facilities and widening access to the sport within state schools.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government plan to release that funding to ensure that girls and boys  in all parts of Eastleigh and across the country have  the opportunity to become the next Lauren Bell or  Joe Root?
I look forward to attending the cricket at Edgbaston later today, and I know it is hugely important to communities up and down the country.
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member to discuss her question in more detail.
Will the Minister join me in praising all the staff past and present, the council’s chief officer for leisure and wellbeing, Tom Kittendorf, and the portfolio holder, Councillor Maggie O’Rourke, on the recent 25th anniversary of the Rugby art gallery and museum?
I was glad to attend and pay tribute to staff for the huge contribution they make to the three C’s: creativity, culture and community.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that municipally run institutions such as that are gems shining bright in our towns, and that this Government will do all they can to empower them?
I absolutely share my hon.
Friend’s commitment to municipal facilities, which are often the only access that people have to amazing sports, art, culture, museums and galleries.
Like him, this Government are determined to do everything we can to support them.
I recently visited the Cornermen project in my Oxfordshire constituency.
Based at South Moreton boxing club, it provides professional mental health support for men in a sporting environment.
Does the Minister agree that sports and leisure can open the door to mental health provision?
What more can the Government do to nurture organisations such as the Cornermen?
Recently, I was pleased to host a roundtable with many sports clubs from different sports, including football and rugby league.
I was delighted to have Kris Radlinski there from Wigan Warriors—the greatest rugby league club in the history of the game—to talk in particular about the mental health crisis facing young men.
It is not lost on us as a Government that sport, arts, and all the sectors we are responsible for often play a major role in helping to support people with what is  becoming a crisis for young people.
I am working very closely with my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary to develop those plans further.
Morecambe football club is in crisis.
The current owner is delaying a sale, despite us already having a buyer ready and approved by the English Football League.
The staff have only been paid one third of their wages, and the board has been dismissed without proper process.
Can the Minister outline how the Government are working to prevent other towns like Morecambe from suffering in this way?
I am really grateful to my hon.
Friend.
She has not just raised this issue in the House; she has raised it with me and with the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock)  as well, and we are determined to support her.
I have been through this appalling experience with my own club, Wigan Athletic, and we are determined to make sure that nobody has to go through it ever again.
The Under- Secretary of State has been working very hard with Members of this House to pass the Football Governance Bill, to ensure that we rectify this situation and prevent it from happening elsewhere, but in the particular case of my hon.
Friend’s club, I am extremely keen to see a sale as soon as possible.
The charity sector includes hospices, such as Acorns children’s hospice in Walsall.
Hospices are being hit by the Government’s damaging rise in employer national insurance, which was mentioned in an earlier question.
Given that in his opening remarks, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism praised the Chancellor for his success in securing funding for his Department, will he speak with the Chancellor and urge her to do all she can to reinstate long-term funding for our hospice sector?
The hospice sector is not specifically my responsibility, but of course I value hospices.
To go back to the earlier point about the state of the finances in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, this is the first Secretary of State who has managed to get £3 billion for investment in capital funding.
That is going to be vital for many of our artistic and sporting institutions in this country, and I think she deserves praise.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission,  was asked— What steps the Commission is taking to increase the number of apprentices in the House of Commons.
Apprenticeships help us to build a more skilled and adaptable workforce.
The House of Commons Commission is increasing the number of apprentices by participating in National Apprenticeship Week and attending careers fairs.
Additionally, the administration supports the Speaker’s Apprenticeship Academy; we are currently recruiting a second cohort to that academy, and we are also recruiting 12 security officer apprentices.
Adil Rashid is a Speaker’s apprentice in my Administration Committee team.
He has a strong work ethic and is a good team player, and I am grateful for his support.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that answer.
Everyone should have the potential to work in Parliament, not just those who live in and around London, so can he confirm how many apprentices have been recruited since the introduction of the UK Parliament’s apprenticeship scheme, and in particular how many were recruited from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland?
We currently have 32 apprentices, and another 19 will be recruited this year.
There have been approximately 90 since 2017.
Parliament recruits apprentices under the English apprenticeship scheme.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each have their own programmes and funding structures.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church of England is taking to support people on low incomes in rural communities.
Our most recent figures show that the Church of England was involved in more than 31,000 community projects across the country, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Harlow.
In addition, funding for churches in the lowest income communities is set to increase from £91 million in the past three years to £133.5 million.
In the local authority of Harlow, 30% of children are living in poverty, according to research by Loughborough University and the End Child Poverty coalition.
Poverty also exists in rural areas of my constituency, such as Sheering and Nazeing.
Many families turn to their local place of worship for support.
Luckily, Harlow has several places of worship of different faiths and denominations offering help.
Can my hon.
Friend say a little more about what the Church is doing in the area to support families struggling with the cost of living?
My hon.
Friend is a good representative for the people of Harlow.
In his constituency, St Mary Magdalene church runs a vibrant Sunday school and mothers’ union, with lots of events and activities for all the community.
St Stephen’s church  runs a parent and toddler group while also supporting local care homes.
St Paul’s and St Mary’s churches partner with the local food bank and run a Bounty club with the Michael Roberts Charitable Trust, offering good, healthy food at a low cost.
With the closure of many churches in rural communities in England and in Scotland, too, are the commissioners concerned that people living in rural areas, particularly those on low incomes, might not be able to access worship within easy reach of their own communities?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks an important question.
The Church values all its rural communities, and that is why we have so many different projects to ensure that places of worship not only exist, but operate as a community hub to ensure that people in those local areas have places to go, whether that is for worship, a local food bank, or a mother and baby group.
What assessment the Church Commissioners have made of the potential impact of the £25,000 cap in the listed places of worship grant scheme on levels of church repairs.
What steps the Church plans to take to support listed places of worship with repairs and renovations after the conclusion of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Church Commissioners have made of the potential impact of the £25,000 cap in the listed places of worship grant scheme on levels of church repairs.
The Church estimates that around 260 church buildings will be impacted by the changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme.
Some 206 of those have multi-year projects already under way that will need to find further funding.
I recently met representatives from churches that have been impacted with the Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , so that they could share their concerns with her.
I hope, following the spending review settlement, that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport will clarify the support that churches will get and that will be available to them going forward.
In North East Derbyshire, we are proud to have many historic, beautiful churches that reflect the many broad traditions within Christian faith in this country.
Can my hon.
Friend please provide clarity on the future of the listed places of worship scheme so that we can continue to treasure these places for many generations to come?
As I have highlighted, we value our churches and our listed places of worship, and it is important that the Government hear these calls and provide some clarity and certainty about the future of the scheme.
The Church Commissioners have funded  many projects, providing around £9 million of grants for repairs to churches, and church building support officers are also in place to advise on management, how repairs can be carried out and the essential development of these places of worship.
I hear my hon.
Friend, and I invite her to lobby the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to give us some certainty about the scheme.
I have been visiting places of worship in my constituency, including St Probus and St Grace church, with the tallest church tower in Cornwall, and St Gerrans church, with its distinctive tower and spire.
Both need extensive and expensive works to keep them watertight, so all that good work with food banks, coffee mornings and warm hubs that goes on there can continue to happen.
They are both concerned about the new annual cap, as they have costed their schemes, and the potential ending of the listed places of worship grant scheme next year.
What alternative support will be available to them and others now that the scheme is reduced and potentially ending?
Of course, I will be lobbying DCMS, too.
I commend the work of the churches in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She highlighted St Probus and St Grace church, which was founded in 930 AD.
I understand that it is a truly wonderful building and establishment, but it needs a new roof, and the fundraising is under way to try to ensure that it gets the funding.
I highlighted earlier the Church Commissioners’ building emissions fund.
This issue has been raised every time I stand here and respond to questions on behalf of the Church.
It is vital that the listed places of worship grant scheme continues and that the Government provide clarity on the future of the scheme, so that all the wonderful listed places of worship in all our constituencies have certainty going forward.
The changes to the grant scheme, and the uncertainty over its future, present significant challenges for historic churches in need of maintenance, as my hon.
Friend has just set out so well.
These include the grade I listed St Nicholas church in Ockendon, in my constituency of Thurrock, which, as the warden told me this week, carries a significant burden in repair work due to its age.
Can my hon.
Friend assist me to understand what support is available for parishes facing these challenges to ensure that they continue to thrive at the heart of communities, as they have done through hundreds of years of history?
I will be lobbying DCMS as well.
As I highlighted, there are other funds, and I will write to my hon.
Friend to set out some additional support that might be available.
I understand that works at St Nicholas church will cost around £200,000, which is a great deal of money.
I am very pleased to hear that she, too, will be lobbying the Department for Culture, Media and Sport for certainty about the listed places of worship grant scheme.
I really think I have done my job in calling for that today.