As I said, we support Israel’s right to defend itself, but, as a friend, we will continue to call on Israel to take every precaution to avoid harming civilians.
That is something that I specifically discussed with Prime Minister Netanyahu, and we will continue to do so.
A six-year-old Palestinian child was murdered in Chicago because of his Muslim faith, and as a response to the war between Israel and Hamas.
In the last week, we have seen a sharp rise in Islamophobic rhetoric and the dehumanisation of Palestinians.
Tragically, yesterday, we saw the consequences in the murder of that little boy.
Will the Prime Minister review his statements about the conflict and ensure that he does not add to the further vilification of Palestinians and Muslims when condemning the actions of Hamas?
I gently urge the hon.
Gentleman to examine what I said earlier from the Dispatch Box, particularly about standing with the British Muslim community at this difficult time.
We will not tolerate anti-Muslim hatred in any form, and we will seek to stamp it out wherever it occurs.
I am pleased to say that, in June, the Security Minister confirmed additional funding of £24.5 million available this financial year to provide protective security at mosques and Muslim faith schools as a demonstration of our intent to deliver on what I said.
But I say to him: please see what I said earlier from the Dispatch Box.
We stand with all communities at this difficult time.
In the long litany of attacks against Jews around the world, this is the single most murderous since the end of the Holocaust in 1945.
The Prime Minister’s support for the Jewish community in this country and for Israel has been heroic.
This is an historic moment, and the response of His Majesty’s Government has been all anyone could have asked.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Israel has acted entirely in accordance with international law, despite Hamas using human shields and every type of horrific provocation?
Israel has not only a right to defend itself but a duty to defend its people from sadistic and vicious murderers.
My right hon.
and learned Friend makes an excellent point that Israel has not just the right but the duty.
One only needs to imagine, if a similar incident had occurred in our country, what we would do to secure the safety and security of our citizens.
That is what Israel is doing, it has every right and duty to do so, and it will have our support as  it does.
I condemn unreservedly the actions of Hamas and the horror that has unfolded in the region, and I ask that the hostages are returned safely as soon as possible.
However, from speaking to aid workers based in Gaza, the reality on the ground is that despite the evacuation order, people who are ill, frail, in hospital or just getting old cannot get out.
This morning, I spoke to aid workers who told me people are returning from southern Gaza to northern Gaza because they have no water and there is nowhere to go.
They cannot escape.
Will the Prime Minister urge the Israeli Government to bear in mind the reality for ordinary Palestinian people living in the nightmare that is unfolding around them through no fault of their own?
As I said, I have spoken to President Sisi about the importance of the Rafah crossing being open for humanitarian purposes and I will continue to do so, and about the importance of allowing humanitarian aid to flow into Gaza.
Today’s announcement of more support will hopefully make a difference.
Again, I contrast Israel’s attempt to minimise civilian casualties by warning people to leave Gaza with Hamas, who are urging the local population to stay to use them as human shields.
It is unacceptable, and we should call it out for what it is.
Every tragic loss of life in Gaza is the responsibility of Hamas alone.
Some people in this place would do well to remember that fact.
A week on from the pogroms, what do we have on the streets of Britain?
We have some people attending pro-Palestinian marches, holding up banners in support of terrorists, whether it be hang-gliders, chanting anti-Jewish chants, supporting the racist boycott, divestment and sanctions movement or, in the case of a protest in Glasgow, reminding Jews where they were in 1940.
Jews need no reminder of where they were in 1940.
Those scenes are deeply distressing to British Jews, many of whom do not believe that the police will take action.
Could I urge the Prime Minister to look at what some of our European partners are doing, and to take stronger action against some of those marches?