Saturday’s terror attack on Israel constituted crimes against humanity—crimes so heinous that they violated our understanding of the depths of human depravity.
That depravity continues today, as innocents remain held hostage by Hamas terrorists and their patrons, the state of Iran.
Israel has a legitimate right to self-defence and to defeat Hamas.
We can support Israel and grieve with its people while recognising that how a counter-terrorism operation is conducted matters.
It matters because Israel’s actions as a rule-of-law nation, and our words as its friend, shape our ability to be a legitimate arbiter in future conflicts and to have the right to call out abusers such as Russia.
It matters because although there is an imperative to defeat Hamas in the immediate term in order to secure Israel’s future, how they are defeated will shape the region’s future, and because the people of Gaza are not Hamas—1.2 million children bear no collective guilt for Hamas’s terror.
So today I repeat my call for the creation of a special envoy for the middle east peace process.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House more about what actions are being taken to prevent conflict and loss of life on the west bank and in East Jerusalem?
When will we finally proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
With regard specifically to the west bank, this is something about which I spoke to Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority this morning.
I also spoke yesterday to His Majesty the King of Jordan.
We discussed the measures that are necessary and the support the UK can provide to ensure the strong stability of the west bank.
No one wants to see the situation escalate.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are in active dialogue with both partners to see how we can help bring that stability to the west bank.
Indeed, it is something I will also continue to discuss with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
It is important that the west bank remains calm, and that is what we will help to bring about.
On Saturday, I went to shul and sat next to a constituent whose cousin is one of the hostages.
My thoughts and prayers go out not only to him, but to all families and hostages currently detained.
While conflict escalates in the middle east, we see the effects on the streets here in Britain.
I welcome the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition standing behind Israel’s right to defend itself and the £3 million increase in funding for the Community Security Trust.
However, unfortunately, in the past week we have seen an increase of around 500% in antisemitic incidents and an 850% increase in suspicious behaviours, and even this weekend glorification of Hamas and genocidal chants on the streets of our cities, in some cases mere feet away from police officers.
Will the Prime Minister join me in applauding the efforts of the CST in keeping the Jewish community safe, but also commit to ensuring that anyone found to be preaching this hate speech on our streets faces the full extent of the law?
I can give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
I met the CST and police chiefs last week, in Downing Street, not just to provide extra funding, but to reiterate that there is zero tolerance in the United Kingdom for antisemitism.
It is tragic that we have seen a significant increase in incidents over the past week, but those who perpetrate these crimes will be met with the full force of the law.
I want to add my voice to all those who stand with Israel and her inalienable right to defend herself against an unspeakable crime.
As someone born in the middle east, as a father and as a human, it was too painful to watch.
Israel has to take the necessary steps to root out this evil virus of fundamentalism that has so clearly infested those in Hamas and, of course, destroy it.
Just as we stood together against ISIS, we will stand together again.
My request to my right hon.
Friend is that, when this has been done, the UK encourages Israel to set out for all to see the positive actions it will take to change the reality in Gaza once and for all.
Gaza and the world will need Israel to show her best self after this war.