Antisemitism is abhorrent and hateful, and there must be meaningful legislation to protect Jewish people.
I appreciate that the Department introduced the anti-boycott Bill to help to tackle that, but as the Minister may recall, in Committee the Bill was not supported by many human rights organisations and no Opposition amendments were accepted.
We need to work on a cross-party basis, so will the Secretary of State and the Minister meet with me to discuss what support the SNP can provide to tackle the hatred of antisemitism?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the way in which she couched her question.
I take this opportunity to thank the First Minister of Scotland who, in his visit to a synagogue in Edinburgh last week, I think spoke for all of Scotland in expressing his solidarity with the pain being felt by Scotland’s Jewish community.
I look forward to working together on a cross-party basis if we can.
The new Levelling Up Minister has got off to a flying start by awarding £20 million to Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Barry is Wales’s largest town and has been ignored by the Welsh Government for decades.
What reassurance can my hon.
Friend give me that local priorities will determine how that money should be spent?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who is a persistent champion of Barry in his constituency.
I am delighted that Barry has been chosen as one of the 55 towns and will receive £20 million to deliver its plan.
I look forward to working with him to see Barry’s potential realised.
Chester, like city centres up and down the country, as well as rural and coastal areas, is seeing rents going up and the supply of long-term private rented lets going down.
The Government consulted on short-term lets earlier this year.
What progress has been made in tackling the issue?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that question.
As she rightly points out, the abuse of short-term lets is a significant issue in rural and coastal areas, and we will respond to the consultation shortly.
Over 200 of my constituents at the Mill development in Ipswich have been living in a cruel form of limbo for over 10 years.
The building has deep cladding and structural problems.
RSM, the administrator, could run out of money next March or April.
My constituents fear that they could be turfed out of their homes.
What steps are the Government taking to support my residents, give them clarity over their future, and come to a lasting settlement that funds the problems of the building and allows residents to move on with their lives?
Like my hon.
Friend, the Department and the Government want to see a resolution to the Mill, which is complex and challenging.
We accept the points that he makes.
I look forward to continue meeting with him, and we will try to find a positive resolution.
Local authorities are struggling to retrofit ageing rural council housing stock, which has allowed mould to set in.
What will the Minister do to avoid councils having to spend huge sums of council taxpayers’ money on positive input ventilation units to provide mould-free homes?
The scourge of damp and mould, particularly but not exclusively in the social and private rented sector, is an issue that the Government recognise that we need to tackle.
That is why we are providing additional support to local government and to housing associations in order to deal with that issue.
I look forward in particular to dealing with the hon.
Gentleman to assess the situation in Tiverton and Honiton.