Prior to Scotland’s being dragged out of the European Union against its will, EU regional development policies allocated up to £827 million from 2014 to 2020.
Crucially, the Scottish Government played a key role in directing the funding, in stark contrast to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, which bypasses Scotland’s Parliament and undermines devolution.
Will the Secretary of State and his Cabinet colleagues stop playing politics and devolve levelling up to Holyrood?
We are devolving levelling up—we are devolving it to local government.
That is why our recent towns fund announcement was welcomed by all councils, including SNP-led councils.
I say to the hon.
Lady, with respect, that the SNP conference, meeting in Aberdeen today, has decided that if the SNP gets 29 MPs, that is a mandate for independence.
Given the rate at which the SNP is losing MPs to defection and by-election, it will be at 29 by Christmas, so let us discuss it then.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the Government’s voter identification policies on the turnout of minority groups at elections.
As we committed to doing in legislation, we are conducting an evaluation of the impact of voter identification at the May polls.
We will publish that evaluation no later than November this year.
The Electoral Commission’s report into voter ID is utterly damning.
It found that awareness of the new rules was lowest among black and minority ethnic communities, and take-up of voter authority certificates was minimal.
Even the Government’s own MPs can see the reality of this failed experiment.
The right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  said: “Parties that try and gerrymander end up finding their clever scheme comes back to bite them”.
Does the Minister agree with her own Conservative colleagues?
I remind the hon.
Lady that 99.75% of the electorate were able to vote successfully.
I also remind her that it was the Electoral Commission that called for voter identification.
It has existed in Northern Ireland for two decades and was introduced under a Labour Government, and it exists in most European countries.
On the hon.
Lady’s point about ethnic minorities, everyone deserves fair and free elections, and it has been ethnic minorities in areas such as Tower Hamlets and Birmingham who have been the victims of electoral fraud.
Whether his Department is taking steps to help ensure that social housing providers are accountable to tenants.
We are taking action to improve the quality of social housing.
The Social Housing (Regulation) Act 2023, which received Royal Assent in July, will deliver transformative change across the sector, introducing proactive consumer regulation and rebalancing the relationships between landlords and tenants, ensuring that landlords are properly held to account for their performance.