Noam Sagi, his wife Michal and their son are here today to watch you give your statement, Prime Minister.
Ada Sagi, Noam’s mum, was taken hostage from her home by Hamas on  Saturday 7 October , and is currently being held hostage in Gaza.
Ada booked a ticket to the UK to celebrate her 75th birthday.
Noam has written to the Prime Minister to ask for his immediate intervention and assistance.
Joe Biden has made personal calls to his citizens.
I ask the Prime Minister if he will please—remember, the family are watching—spare just five minutes to have a quick conversation with them.
Of course I am happy to have a quick conversation, but I am also engaged actively with our partners in the region to try to ensure the safe release of our hostages, which I am sure the House will support me in doing any which way we can.
We will use all the tools at our disposal to ensure their safe return, not just for the hon.
Lady’s constituents but all those British nationals and others who were taken by Hamas in that appalling act.
They should know that we are doing absolutely everything we can to try to bring them back home as quickly and safely as possible.
We in this House are all absolutely horrified by the terrorist atrocities in Israel and the appalling way in which the Hamas terrorists have murdered, tortured and kidnapped men, women and children.
I thank the Prime Minister for his important and significant statement today, and for the way in which—as he has just said—we are giving all the support to the grieving families right now.
That is paramount.
Can he explain from his conversations with President Sisi how the opening of the border crossings between Gaza and Egypt on humanitarian grounds will be undertaken in a way that prevents Hamas terrorists from leaving and potentially creating further atrocities in the region?
My right hon.
Friend has made an excellent point.
That is why there is complexity to opening the Rafah border crossing, but she should be reassured that we are engaged in those conversations with the Egyptians and with other partners, including the Americans, to find a safe way to open the crossing—ideally, for the evacuation of British nationals who may be in Gaza, but also to send humanitarian support into Gaza, which I know we would all like to see happen.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has stated that “hospitals in Gaza risk turning into morgues without electricity.”
The Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East has said that the agency’s colleagues in Gaza are no longer able to provide humanitarian assistance, and the number of people seeking shelter in UNRWA facilities in the south is absolutely overwhelming.
Some civilians have no choice but to stay in the north of Gaza, and must be protected at all times.
What conversations has the Prime Minister had with his Israeli counterpart about creating safe zones and humanitarian corridors in Gaza?
Has the Prime Minister raised the urgent need to prevent the perpetration of atrocities on all civilians?
Will he increase financial support for UNRWA, and the surrounding host nations, given that the increasing needs of refugees from Palestine will only, sadly, increase further for many years?
I am proud that over the past few years we have been one of the leading donors to UNRWA, accounting for about 10% of all its support for the region.
Today we announced an increase of about a third in our humanitarian support, and we will work with the relevant partners to see how best to ensure that those funds can make a difference in the region as quickly as possible.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing us a one-minute silence to reflect on the victims of what has taken place in the middle east.
There can be no greater contrast between the actions of the Israel defence forces, which attempt to prevent the loss of civilian life, and the sheer brutality of the terrorists who kill and maim as many people as they possibly can.
There can be no comparison between those two aspects of what is happening.
This operation by the terrorist group Hamas was clearly well planned, well resourced and well equipped, and had clearly been planned for many months.
It is beyond belief that the  Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which funds and supports Hamas, was not behind this whole operation.
Will my right hon.
Friend now take the action that the whole House has asked him to take, and proscribe the IRGC in its entirety?
We have already taken strong action against the Iranian regime, including the sanctioning of 350 individuals and entities including the IRGC in its entirety.
Furthermore, the National Security Act 2023 implements new measures to protect the British public, including new offences of espionage and foreign interference and tougher powers to arrest and detain people suspected of involvement in state threats.
As the House knows, the Government have a long-standing policy of not commenting on whether specific organisations are being considered for proscription, and our approach, as currently stated, is completely in line with that of our allies.