What steps he is taking to help increase the number of new homes.
We have announced £10 billion of investment in housing supply since the start of this Parliament, and we are also investing £11.5 billion in the latest affordable homes programme to provide thousands of new homes across the country for people to rent or, of course, to buy.
In July we set out our long-term plan for housing, with regeneration programmes in Cambridge, London and Leeds.
When the Department tried to change the nutrient neutrality rules, the Labour party fell at the first hurdle, showing that it had changed since its claims to be the party of house building.
It blocked that, so will Ministers commit themselves to pushing through these essential changes afresh?
Absolutely.
We have just heard from  the hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  a crude nimbyist appeal to the voters of Mid Bedfordshire, a week after the leader of the Labour party said he was in favour of “the builders, not the blockers” —but who could be surprised, given that, as my hon.
Friend has rightly pointed out, when we put forward legislation for 100,000 new homes, Labour blocked it?
It is unbelievable that the crew of gangsters over there are peddling the same nonsense week in, week out.
Order.
I think we are going to moderate our language a little bit.
rose— So sit down, and we will move on.
For all the sound and fury from the Secretary of State, he knows that the maths does not lie and that the Government have failed on their targets.
They have downgraded their affordable housing targets, and have still failed on those.
When will the Secretary of State bite the bullet and provide more properly affordable social housing for people in my constituency and others who simply cannot afford to buy their own homes?
I withdraw the word “gangster”, Mr Speaker; I should have said “huckster”.
I will tell the hon.
Lady who has downgraded their social housing targets: it is the hon.
Lady herself.
When she was running for the deputy leadership of her party, she said that she wanted 100,000 new social homes every year.
What is the target now?
Zero.