Increasing the range of

savings and income options will help provide workers with the

possibility to achieve higher returns on their retirement investments

and greater peace of mind that their income will last throughout

retirement.
Our bill, and other sensible steps to improve worker access to

guaranteed lifetime income.
must be a part of future bipartisan

retirement saving packages.
I am hopeful my colleagues will cosponsor

the Lifetime Income for Employees Act and help us to enact it into law.
In addition to expanding access to lifetime income Congress must do

more to help all Americans achieve a financially secure retirement.
More than 55 million Americans do not have access to an employer

sponsored retirement plan, including 78 percent of workers at arms with

fewer than 10 employees.
Congress should continue to work to help them

get access to savings plans as this is the first step to helping them

achieve financial security in retirement.
Let's not wait until next year's National Retirement Security Month

to advance proposals that will strengthen our nation's private

retirement system.
Bipartisanship has been and will continue to be the

key to advancing the next retirement security package.
We can and

should act now to help all our constituents get on a clearer path to a

more secure retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, October 31, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 1

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the science of extreme event

attribution, focusing on how climate change is fueling

severe weather events.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To receive a closed briefing on Ukraine.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Seth

Robert Aframe, of New Hampshire, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the First Circuit, Edward Sunyol

Kiel, to be United States District Judge for the

District of New Jersey, Sarah French Russell, to be

United States District Judge for the District of

Connecticut, and Christopher Charles Fonzone, of

Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Attorney General,

Department of Justice.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine small businesses and

America's outdoor recreation economy.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold hearings to examine ongoing threats to election

administration.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine research at the Department of

Veterans Affairs.
NOVEMBER 2

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Marjorie

A. Rollinson, of Virginia, to be Chief Counsel for the

Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General

Counsel in the Department of the Treasury, and Patricia

Hart Neuman, of the District of Columbia, and Demetrios

L. Kouzoukas, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the

Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical

Insurance Trust Fund, both to be a Member of the Board

Fund, and both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees

of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust

Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund.