Since its founding, the Center for Land-Based Learning has educated

more than 25,000 students from 30 different California counties.
The

Center for Land-Based Learning is the only organization of its kind in

the state to offer a closed loop of agriculture-based education,

internships, and careers.
Because of the program high school students

and adults have had the opportunity to discover impactful careers in

fields ranging from biological sciences and technology-aided farming to

land-use management and robotics.
As an American farmer and activist, Mr. McNamara was revolutionary in

the field of sustainable, climate-smart agricultural practices.
He

endured years of skepticism from those steeped in antiquated beliefs,

but that did not slow down his work.
Today, modern environmental

science and economics embrace Mr. McNamara's teaching which emphasizes

that ``people, profit, and planet'' all deserve equal attention and

dedication.
Throughout his professional career, Mr. McNamara has served as a

board member for the American Farmland Trust; the Roots of Change

Stewardship Council; University of California, Davis Dean's Advisory

Council and Agricultural Sustainability Institute Advisory Board; and

the Public Policy Institute of California Advisory Board, He is

currently a board member on the Edible Schoolyard Project and Project

REGEN.
He is also on the leadership council of the Public Policy

Institute of California.
Mr. Speaker, Craig McNamara is a dedicated public servant and leader

in our community.
He has inspired and educated future generations of

farmers and agricultural leaders.
It is therefore fitting and proper

that we honor him and the work of the FARMS Program here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MILTON JONES

HON.
TIM BURCHETT

Mr. BURCHETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Milton Jones, an East

Tennessean who served our country in the U.S. Navy and worked on the

Manhattan Project.
Milton grew up with an interest in technology and how it works, which

would serve him well throughout his career.
After he graduated from

Farragut High School in 1941, Jones earned a first class radio license

from Madison College in Nashville.
He then went on to train the Army

Signal Corps until he was called back to Tennessee to help on the

Manhattan Project.
After the end of World War II, Milton started at WIVK radio as a

chief engineer and proceeded to help set up new stations throughout the

South.
He retired in 1993, but continued to work as a consultant for

different radio stations and helped tune their towers.
Milton raised four children with his wife Anna Ruth Atkins, and

turned 101 years old in March of 2023.
He has served his country and

his family well, and the East Tennessee community is thankful for the

impact he has had on those who have been fortunate enough to know him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed Roll Call vote 556 on

October 26, 2023.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DARLETTA BERRY-JOHNSON, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE IVINS

OUTREACH CENTER

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Darletta Berry-Johnson--the

founding and only Executive Director of the Ivins Outreach Center,

headquartered in Morrisville, Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Ivins is

celebrating its twentieth anniversary in operation.
The mission of

Ivins ``strives to improve the quality of life for those within our

neighboring communities, providing opportunities for them to be

healthy, confident, connected, and secure, regardless of age, income,

or background.''
Their goal is ``to create a community that is

stronger, healthier, more involved, more generous, and more accepting

of others.''