In 2023, Ivins is

celebrating its twentieth anniversary in operation.
The mission of

Ivins ``strives to improve the quality of life for those within our

neighboring communities, providing opportunities for them to be

healthy, confident, connected, and secure, regardless of age, income,

or background.''
Their goal is ``to create a community that is

stronger, healthier, more involved, more generous, and more accepting

of others.''
Darletta has been the driving force and inspiration of Ivins' far-

reaching success in making a significant difference in the lives of

tens of thousands of individuals, young and old alike, in, around, and

beyond Bucks County--an area I proudly serve and represent.
In

supervising and leading a small group of dedicated part-time staff

members and scores of community volunteers, a sampling of Darletta's

efforts has resulted in:

Services to senior citizens such as Ivins' Staying Put and Home Share

programs that enable folks to remain in their homes despite illness,

disabilities, food insecurities, safety concerns, lack of

transportation, and a host of other physical and social issues.
Services to an annual enrollment of upwards of 3,000 youth through

oversight and administration of 21st Community Learning Center Grants

that provide after-school social and academic support, and summer

employment and enrichment camps for students in the school districts of

Morrisville Borough, Bristol Borough, Bensalem Township, Bucks County

Technical High School, and the non-public Holy Trinity, St. Marks, and

St. Ephrem elementary schools, and Conwell-Egan High School.
Covid Relief through Darletta's collaboration with the United Way,

Lower Bucks Chamber of Commerce, area grocery stores, houses of

worship, and local law enforcement agencies in providing meals for

families and individuals in addressing grocery shopping, transportation

needs, providing holiday experiences for the less fortunate of all

ages, and shelter for the young, the homeless, the abused, and senior

citizens.
Coordinating efforts to support law enforcement agencies by securing

a COPS (Community Oriented Policing Services) grant through the United

States Department of Justice for the Borough of Morrisville; successful

submission of COPS grant applications for Falls Township and Bensalem

Township police departments; and a submitted application along with the

Bristol Borough Police Department to fund a School Safety Officer.
Leadership roles have included, but not limited to: Pennsylvania

Department of Education Advisory Board, Bucks County Children & Youth

Advisory Board, Established Morrisville Education Foundation,

Morrisville Collaborative, Lower Bucks Family YMCA Board of Directors,

G.A.G.E. Gang Awareness, Communities That Care Consortium, Academic

Oversight Committee for Bristol Borough, Bensalem School District

Diversity Committee, Conwell-Egan Catholic High School Diversity,

Equity, and Inclusion Committee.
Finally, given Darletta Berry-Johnson's record of achievements, she

is the recipient of the Women Business Leaders in Bucks County award

presented by the Lower Bucks Chamber of Commerce; and the Women for

Women and Women Who Make a Difference awards presented by the Bucks

County YWCA.
We are incredibly grateful for the impact Darletta Berry-Johnson has

had through her long, distinguished career at the Ivins Outreach Center

and wish for her continued success as she continues to serve our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PHILLIP JACKSON

HON.
MARILYN STRICKLAND

Ms. STRICKLAND.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize delivery

driver Phillip Jackson of Thurston County for his remarkable

perceptivencss that helped to reunite a five-year-old boy with his

mother.
While making a delivery to a West Olympia Texaco, Phillip

noticed an unaccompanied boy without shoes or a shirt walking around

the convenience store.
Sensing that something was amiss, Phillip

immediately sprang into action and called 911.
It was Phillip's

initiative in alerting authorities of the situation that allowed local

law enforcement, who had already been working with the boy's mother

after she had reported him missing, to locate the child.
Even after the

police had arrived, Phillip remained with the boy until the mother and

her child were reunited.