He has helped with the POW/MIA

programs for Putnam County while also organizing Ottawa Honor Guard for

funerals and other events.
Wherever it is possible to help a veteran in

need, Mr. Mullins has dedicated his time to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to Mr. John Mullins of Ottawa, Ohio, on his selection as the Putnam

County Veteran of the Year.
On behalf of the people of the Fifth

Congressional District of Ohio, I wish John all the best in his future

endeavors and thank him for service to Putnam County and our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE RICHARD CLARENCE CLARK

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of a

great American and former United States Senator, Richard Clarence

Clark.
Dick Clark was born on September 14, 1928, in Paris, Iowa, and

died peacefully on September 20, 2023, at his home in Washington, D.C.,

at the age of 95.
Dick Clark enlisted in the U.S. Army after high school and served his

country in England during the Korean War.
He earned a Bachelor's degree

at Upper Iowa University and his Master's at the University of Iowa.
He

then taught at Upper Iowa University, worked as a volunteer for the

Democratic Party, and in 1972 he ran for the U.S. Senate.
Partly in

response to his unorthodox campaign tactic of actually walking 1,300

miles across Iowa to meet the voters, he won the seat.
He served on the

Senate Foreign Relations, Agriculture and Public Works Committees and

after losing his race in 1978, he was soon appointed Ambassador-at-

Large by President Jimmy Carter and spent most of 1979 serving as the

administration's coordinator for refugee affairs, working to provide

aid and housing for tens of thousands of people fleeing wars and famine

in Southeast Asia.
He then worked on the presidential campaign of

Senator Ted Kennedy and became a Senior Fellow at the Aspen Institute

for Humanistic Studies.
Dick Clark has been described as hardworking, studious, well-liked,

and a highly respected Senator.
He was all these and more.
I first met

him in 1994 when I was invited to participate in my first Aspen

Institute Congressional Program as a newly elected Member of the House

of Representatives.
This program, initiated and directed by Dick Clark,

fostered relationships with members of both parties and provided high

value information on a variety of policies presented by experts and

discussed by Members.
Dick Clark said that ``good policy depends on

informed policy makers'' and many minds were shaped and policies

refined as a result of this superb Aspen Congressional Institute.
Dick

was as fine a human being one could ever know . . .
a kind man of

enormous integrity, a beautiful friend and a true patriot.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in

paying tribute to this remarkable man, his life and his work, and in

extending our most sincere condolences to his wife Julie, his three

children, three grandchildren, and two great-grandsons.
We are a better

and stronger nation because of him.