3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold hearings to examine ongoing threats to election

administration.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine research at the Department of

Veterans Affairs.
NOVEMBER 2

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Marjorie

A. Rollinson, of Virginia, to be Chief Counsel for the

Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General

Counsel in the Department of the Treasury, and Patricia

Hart Neuman, of the District of Columbia, and Demetrios

L. Kouzoukas, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the

Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical

Insurance Trust Fund, both to be a Member of the Board

Fund, and both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees

of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust

Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine ensuring financial protection

for servicemembers, veterans, and their families.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the opportunities and

challenges in deploying carbon capture utilization and

sequestration and direct air capture technologies on

federal and non-Federal lands.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Martin

O'Malley, of Maryland, to be Commissioner of Social

Security.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Harry

Coker, Jr., of Kansas, to be National Cyber Director,

Jeff Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial

Officer, Department of Homeland Security, and Suzanne

Elizabeth Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel

of the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Mustafa

Taher Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for

the District of Oregon, and Eumi K. Lee, to be United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

California.
NOVEMBER 7

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine causes of roadway safety

challenges and possible interventions.
NOVEMBER 8

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine accessing clean water

infrastructure assistance, focusing on small, rural,

disadvantaged and underserved communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF PUTNAM COUNTY VETERAN OF THE YEAR, JOHN MULLINS

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mr. John Mullins of Ottawa, Ohio, who has been named Putnam County

Veteran of the Year.
Every year, the Putnam County Veterans Service

Commission recognizes a veteran from their county who has been

honorably discharged, embodies the spirit of professional excellence,

and has significant off-duty community service.
After reviewing all the

nominees, Mr. Mullins was selected for the honor.
Mr. Mullins first entered the U.S. Armed Forces in 1980 and served in

the U.S. Air Force.
After leaving the Air Force in 1992, Mr. Mullins

continued serving his community by joining the Ottawa Police

Department.
He served the City of Ottawa for twenty-five years as part

of the police department, while also spending time as a volunteer

firefighter for the Ottawa Fire Department.
After leaving the police

department, Mr. Mullins went on to become a deputy sheriff for the

Putnam County Sheriffs Office where he is currently serving.
Outside of his public service career, Mr. Mullins has been involved

in the VFW, AmVets, and many other organizations that help raise

awareness and fund veteran programs.
He has helped with the POW/MIA

programs for Putnam County while also organizing Ottawa Honor Guard for

funerals and other events.
Wherever it is possible to help a veteran in

need, Mr. Mullins has dedicated his time to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to Mr. John Mullins of Ottawa, Ohio, on his selection as the Putnam

County Veteran of the Year.