Title: CELEBRATING MAYOR JOYCE WHICHARD-BROWN; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
178

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MAYOR JOYCE WHICHARD-BROWN

HON.
DONALD G. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I honor a remarkable

leader, trailblazer, and advocate for the beloved Town of Williamston.
It is my distinct privilege to stand before you and pay tribute to a

woman whose dedication and unwavering commitment to our community have

left an indelible mark on our hearts and history books.
Today, I

celebrate Mayor Joyce Whichard-Brown, the first African American and

first female mayor of Williamston.
Mayor Whichard-Brown's leadership journey began in Williamston, where

she was born and graduated from EJ Hayes High School.
She then moved to

Virginia and worked in the U.S. Patent Office and various private law

practices.
In 2005, she returned to her hometown, Williamston, North

Carolina, and has served as mayor since 2015.
Her accomplishments extend far beyond Williamston.
She served on the

North Carolina League of Municipalities Board of Directors.
She has

also taken on the role of vice chair of the Highway 17/64 Commission

and initiated the quarterly mayor's meetings, fostering regional

partnerships and cooperation.
Under her guidance, the Town has seen

significant improvements, such as the major upgrade to a fire

department building and the transformation of the Stalls Building into

a state-of-the-art police department facility.
Mayor Whichard-Brown

secured approval for the renovation of Gaylord Perry Park, making it

more accessible and enjoyable for citizens.
Her tireless efforts also led to a substantial HUD grant of $750,000,

dedicated to housing revitalization and downtown renovation.
Moreover,

she was pivotal in securing over $1 million in grants to complete the

Roanoke River Boardwalk.
New businesses have thrived under her leadership, raising property

tax-assessed values and breathing new life into the Town.
Mayor

Whichard-Brown has shown unshakable resolve, a willingness to stand her

ground, and a remarkable ability to maintain her sense of humor.
She

led with grace, strength, and an unwavering commitment to her

community.
Retiring from the Town, she can spend more time with her two

children, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
Let's not

forget Mayor Whichard-Brown's lesser-known talent, her incredible

singing voice, which she generously shares at an annual stampede.
I thank her for her service and look forward to the continued

positive impacts in the town.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CRAIG McNAMARA

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Craig

McNamara, of Winters, California, as we celebrate the 30th anniversary

of the Farming, Agriculture, and Resource Management for Sustainability

(FARMS) Program.
Craig McNamara was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
After traveling by

motorcycle across Central and South America to learn more about the all

of agriculture.
Mr. McNamara enrolled at the University of California,

Davis where he earned a bachelor's degree in plant and soil sciences.
He then apprenticed under Tom Lum of Dixon for three years and would

later rent his first 100 acres of farmland and establish Sierra

Orchards.
In 1993, Craig and his wife, Julie, founded the FARMS Program giving

high school students access to applied scientific research and careers

in agriculture, conservation, and sustainability.
The FARMS Program

grew to become a model practice for youth education throughout the

nation and led to the establishment of the Center for Land-Based

Learning in 2001.
Since its founding, the Center for Land-Based Learning has educated

more than 25,000 students from 30 different California counties.
The

Center for Land-Based Learning is the only organization of its kind in

the state to offer a closed loop of agriculture-based education,

internships, and careers.
Because of the program high school students

and adults have had the opportunity to discover impactful careers in

fields ranging from biological sciences and technology-aided farming to

land-use management and robotics.