Sensing that something was amiss, Phillip

immediately sprang into action and called 911.
It was Phillip's

initiative in alerting authorities of the situation that allowed local

law enforcement, who had already been working with the boy's mother

after she had reported him missing, to locate the child.
Even after the

police had arrived, Phillip remained with the boy until the mother and

her child were reunited.
Phillip credits his intervention to a

workplace training he took that teaches delivery drivers to recognize

signs of human trafficking and children at risk on the road.
I applaud

Phillip's awareness and quick action to help keep our most vulnerable

members of our community safe and I am proud to recognize him today as

our community's Constituent of the Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TRAVERSE CITY YOUNG MARINES

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the 50th

Anniversary of the Traverse City Young Marines.
The incredible

organization boasts of half a century of dedication to enhancing the

lives of America's youth and of a strong commitment to Drug Demand

Reduction efforts.
The Young Marines Program was established in 1959 and officially

chartered on October 17, 1965.
Open to children 8 years old through

high school, the Young Marines promote the importance of self-

confidence, academic achievement, honoring our Veterans, good

citizenship.
community service, and living a healthy, drug-free

lifestyle.
The Traverse City chapter has consistently demonstrated excellence

through their community centric initiatives.
The Young Marines conduct

a yearly cleanup of M-37, volunteer countless hours of community

service, and contribute to honoring our Michigan Veterans by partnering

with local organizations such as the Navy-Marine Relief Society.
Throughout their 50 years of service, the Young Marines of Traverse

City have earned numerous distinctions.
Most recently, they were

recognized by Encampment 2021 and achieved a division distinction from

Encampment 2018.
Nationally, the Young Marines have received 12 Fulcrum

Shields, a national award highlighting diligence in drug reduction

efforts

These exemplary young men and women owe a great deal of gratitude to

the numerous volunteers who filled integral positions in the

organization for the past 50 years.
These volunteers have served as

Unit Commanders, Regiment Commanders.
Battalion Commanders.
and

Paymasters, among many other roles.
Without the selfless commitment of

these leaders, the Young Marines would not be the esteemed organization

it is today.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Traverse City Young Marines

for 50 years of service and dedication to the Traverse City youth.
On

behalf of Michigan's First District.
I'd like to congratulate the Young

Marines and Volunteers, wishing them the best in all of their future

endeavors

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF HORN'S GASLIGHT BAR AND RESTAURANT

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Horn's Gaslight

Bar and Restaurant for 90 years of exemplary service.
I would like to

congratulate the Horn Family and their staff on their success and wish

them many more years of success.
The Horn family has a long and celebrated history in Mackinac.
In

1915, Ed Horn first came to Mackinac Island to work for the Michigan

Life Saving Service, the predecessor to the United States Coast Guard.
During Prohibition, Ed Horn leased the building that would become

Horn's and opened a pool hall and snack shop.
In December of 1933,

following the passage of the 21st Amendment.
Ed finally opened Horn's

Gaslight Bar and Restaurant as we know it today.
Since its start, Horn's has been a staple of Mackinac Island.
During

the day you can hear lively piano music drifting out the door and see

eager customers dining on the renowned southwest cuisine.
When the sun

sets, the chairs are pulled aside, and the dance floor comes alive.