Since its start, Horn's has been a staple of Mackinac Island.
During

the day you can hear lively piano music drifting out the door and see

eager customers dining on the renowned southwest cuisine.
When the sun

sets, the chairs are pulled aside, and the dance floor comes alive.
Horn's is a favorite late-night spot among locals, workers, and

visitors alike.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate Horn's Gaslight Bar and

Restaurant for 90 years of outstanding service.
I'd like to wish the

Horn family and their staff all the best in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RETIREMENT SECURITY WORK ONGOING: AN UPDATE FOR NATIONAL RETIREMENT

SECURITY MONTH

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss a critical issue

impacting millions of Americans who work hard every day so that, when

the time comes, they can enjoy their golden years in retirement.
October is National Retirement Security month, so it is a good time to

both reflect on the retirement reforms we have recently enacted and

look ahead to the remaining work to be done.
America's retirement savings system and the retirement outlook for

millions has dramatically improved because of Congress's bipartisan

work over the last few years.
Our private sector retirement savings

system works well for many employees and employers, but additional

improvements could help more Americans achieve a successful retirement

for all.
As a senior member of the House Education and the Workforce

Committee.
I was proud to play an active role in helping draft and

advance the SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 into law

last year.
Building on the great work Congress achieved with the SECURE

Act of 2019, SECURE 2.0 included almost 100 provisions that will help

employers offer plans and assist employees in both beginning to save

and saving more for retirement.
I was especially pleased that my

provision to reduce administrative costs for employers by increasing

the cash-out limit for the first time in over two decades was included

in the final law.
One significant issue we still need to make more progress on is

providing greater access to savings and income options that will help

make sure retirees do not outlive their retirement savings.
Americans

collectively face a substantial retirement income gap.
This means that

the amount of money retirees have saved compared to what they need is

$4 trillion short, with 40 percent of families likely to outlive their

retirement savings, according to the Employee Benefit Research

Institute.
This gap is concerning, and why guaranteed, or lifetime income has

long been a critical issue for me.
A few years ago, as the Chairman of

the House Committee on Education and the Workforce's Health,

Employment, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Subcommittee, I was proud to

chair a hearing on a range of bipartisan retirement bills.
One of the

bills we discussed that day was the Increasing Access to a Secure

Retirement Act, which I introduced with Representative Lisa Blunt

Rochester to remove a regulatory barrier for employers looking to offer

lifetime income solutions to their employees.
That important provision

became law in the SECURE Act, but our efforts to ensure everyone has

access to the best lifetime income options remain ongoing.
Earlier this year, I along with Representative Donald Norcross

reintroduced the bipartisan Lifetime Income for Employees Act.
This

legislation would improve plan sponsors' and investors' default

lifetime income options and take a crucial step to help American

retirees have adequate income in retirement.
Increasing the range of

savings and income options will help provide workers with the

possibility to achieve higher returns on their retirement investments

and greater peace of mind that their income will last throughout

retirement.
Our bill, and other sensible steps to improve worker access to

guaranteed lifetime income.
must be a part of future bipartisan

retirement saving packages.