Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very special young man, Preston Sharp, for his passion, commitment, and accomplishments in honoring our nation's veterans.
Preston is a resident of Shasta County, a loving son, and grandson with a heart of gold.
His hard work and devotion to honor veterans in our community and our country will be felt for generations.
On Veterans Day in 2015, when Preston was just 10 years old, he visited the grave of his grandfather, a Navy veteran, at a local Redding cemetery.
He placed a flag and flowers on his grandfather's headstone to thank him for his sacrifice.
As he looked around, he was troubled by the lack of flags and flowers at the gravesites of all the other veterans.
With encouragement from his loving mother and grandmother, Preston used that compassion to make a positive change in the world.
He set a goal, and in just 5 months, by doing odd jobs and chores, he had earned enough to purchase flags and carnations to honor all 500 veterans in that cemetery in Redding, California.
This gratifying success prompted him to set another goal, to honor veterans in all the Redding cemeteries.
He began speaking at local groups and organizations who enthusiastically donated to his worthy objective, seeing in this young boy with a passion to honor and appreciate those who served.
Soon, Preston was honoring veterans in cemeteries all around our North State, throughout California, and beyond.
Preston has organized the placement of more than one million flags and red carnations on veterans' headstones throughout the homeland.
His crusades have inspired citizens in communities across the United States to participate in similar acts of patriotism and respect for veterans by coming out to clean headstones, replace weathered flags and flowers, and say ``Thank You'' to those that have served our country.
Preston does not just honor our fallen veterans.
He often visits veterans at the local veteran's home or takes them out to lunch and enjoys listening to their stories.
His goal is clearly to honor and help all veterans in any way possible, as evidenced by his current initiative, to help prevent and spread awareness of veteran suicides, which has become a top priority.
Preston's contagious ambition has spurred him to start other movements like the Flag and Flower Challenge to encourage everyone in the United States, especially youth, to honor veterans in their own hometowns.
He also established Veterans Flags and Flowers, a non-profit organization with a vision to ``honor veterans across the country'' and a mission to ``honor veterans every day, not just the holiday''.
As a teen member of the Sons of the American Legion, Preston helped inspire the Flying Flags for Heroes program and became their national spokesperson.
Preston was invited to the White House and was honored with a seat beside the First Lady during President Trump's inspirational State of the Union Address in 2018.
President Trump commended 12-year-old Preston Sharp for ``a job well-done'' and praised young patriots like Preston who teach all of us about our civic duties as Americans.
Preston has been recognized and is supported by nearly every local club, organization, school, and business in northern California.
He has been an honored guest, speaker and advocate at countless events, services, and fundraisers.
He has been featured on the History Channel and highlighted social studies curriculum such as Inspire My Kids.
He continues to collect accolades around the country for his work such as being awarded the title of Legacy Keeper by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and is allied with the Wreaths Across America program.
Preston's goal was to honor veterans in all 50 States which sent him travelling across the country, meeting veterans, visiting cemeteries, inspiring communities, and sharing the experience of planting flags and flowers along the way.
Despite setbacks during the COVID-I9 shutdowns, on Veterans Day, November 11, 2022, Preston Sharp officially met his goal by presenting flags and flowers in honor of veterans in all 50 of our U.S. states.
Quite a celebrated accomplishment.
Preston is now planning on taking his cause overseas to Normandy for the 80th anniversary of D-Day.
He will be placing 17,000 American flags and red carnation flowers at every gravestone, saying each veteran's name out loud, and thanking them for their service.
This young man reminds us that we all have a sacred duty to honor and remember those who served and sacrificed for our nation, no matter how old we are.