into Taiwanese airspace, the largest breach in history.
On May 15, 2024, Taiwan's National Defense Ministry reported 45 Chinese military aircraft around the island, in just one day.
With these growing tensions, the pressure on President Lai to balance security risks with promises of protecting the independence of Taiwan are high.
Though the United States does not have official relations with Taiwan, the people of Taiwan have our unwavering support.
We remain the island's most significant arms supplier and international backer, having approved over $8 billion in military aid last month in the National Security Supplemental Aid Package to support Taiwan and other key allies in the Indo-Pacific confronting Chinese aggression.
President Lai's priorities for Taiwan align with his predecessor Tsai Ing-wen, with plans to boost defenses, including increasing military budgets, improving its military force structure, and concentrating on economical mobile weapons systems and more vigorous civil defense.
Domestic reform is one of his top priorities, including social spending for the improvement of national health insurance and redirecting economic policy from motives for certain industries to developing more service sector jobs and encouraging domestic consumption.
Lai has retained the majority of the Tsai team, including her foreign minister, Joseph Wu, who now leads his National Security Council, and former NSC head Wellington Koo, who now is the defense minister.
He also recruited several private-sector executives for his cabinet, prominently JW Kuo, chair.
Along with the Lai administration, I look forward to working with Taiwan's ambassador to the U.S., Ambassador Alexander Yui.
The inauguration of President Lai Ching-te at the presidential office building in central Taipei featured an overwhelming amount of support for him, as crowds, including a show of marching bands and performers, gathered in a nearby plaza to show their support and listen to his inauguration speech.
A bipartisan delegation of former senior U.S. officials, including former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage, also attended the inauguration.
Sadly, we are in a war we did not choose, between dictators with Rule protect the borders of Taiwan, Ukraine, Israel, and the United States.
I am confident in the leadership of President Lai Ching-te as Taiwan continues to face adversities to keep their allies who acknowledge them as a sovereign nation, amidst pressure from the Chinese Communist Party.
I look forward to working with President Lai Ching-te on achieving Peace Through Strength, advancing our shared interests, strengthening our longstanding informal relationship, and maintaining stability across the Taiwan Strait.