On my safer screens tour, to discuss online safety for children, students themselves are calling for action.
They talk about brain rot and the subtle but dangerous impact on their mental health, their self-esteem, their world outlook and their time.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the Liberal Democrats that, given this public health crisis and the massive profits made by social media giants such as Musk, we should look to seek revenues from a digital service tax, rather than cutting benefits from disabled people and struggling families?
I can assure the hon.
Lady—she will have heard this from my previous answers—that we are determined to keep young people safe online.
Online  activity and the services offered to people in this country and around the world are adapting and evolving fast because of the speed of innovation.
We need a regulatory and legislative landscape that can keep up with that innovation, and we need a Government who will ensure they are on the side of young people and vulnerable people of any age.
I can assure her that, in this Government and this Secretary of State, they have that.
What recent progress his Department has made on improving digital inclusion in Sherwood Forest constituency.
If we are to be a successful digital nation, we have to take the whole nation with us.
We were proud recently to publish our first digital inclusion action plan, the first for 10 years, because of precisely that: we want to take everybody with us.
Too often, in ex-mining communities such as Ollerton and Edwinstowe, in rural communities such as Farnsfield and even in Hucknall West, people struggle to get a phone signal and access to the internet.
Constituents feel that they are left behind and miss out on the new and upcoming technologies that we know improve access to online jobs, education and business opportunities.
Does the Minister agree that we need to ensure such communities are at the heart of the Government’s digital inclusion ambitions, so no one is left behind, especially those in deprived communities?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and her constituency exemplifies one of the issues we face, which is that we might have relatively affluent areas cheek by jowl with much poorer areas.
That is why, in our digital inclusion action plan, we have tried to ensure that we address all the different forms of digital exclusion, whether it is by virtue of age, ethnicity, educational background or physical geography.
Lack of access to digital services prevents people from applying for jobs, studying and accessing healthcare, but community interest companies such as Donate IT, based in Wincanton, are helping to bridge the gap by diverting IT equipment that was otherwise heading to landfill.
By refurbishing that tech and distributing it to the people, schools and groups who need it, Donate IT is helping to address digital poverty.
How does the Minister plan to support such organisations to prevent electrical waste from going to landfill and to tackle digital exclusion?
I am really pleased that that is happening in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
We were pleased as a Government to be able to say not only that many Government Departments will make sure that we do precisely the same thing, but that many major employers will also do the same.
It is crazy to chuck old kit into landfill when, frankly, it could be used much better to provide people with digital opportunities for the future.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I start by thanking Professor Sullivan for her independent review into sex and gender data.
This is an important area, and we have shared the report with Departments as part of our ongoing policy work.
After landmark online safety regulations came into force last week, platforms will now have to act to take down illegal content.
I have just got back from the United States, where, from Nvidia’s conference stage to investor meetings, my message was clear: the UK is hungry for the new era of growth that is promised by AI and emerging technology.
As the Chancellor shares her spring statement, that is an era I will keep working with her to deliver.