Canford Magna in my constituency is proposed as a site for a new energy-from-waste incinerator, which will burn 260,000 tonnes of waste a year—more than the whole of Dorset’s use.
I am concerned that as we reduce our levels of waste with the brilliant new plans to recycle more, we will end up having to feed the monster.
The area already has 95% of the capacity, so does the Prime Minister agree that we should not allow new plants where we already have sufficient capacity or where carbon capture will not be included?
I hope the hon.
Lady will forgive me, but I do not know the details of the particular incinerator she speaks of and I am not across that.
I will make sure, however, that she gets an answer to her question in written form as soon as possible.
May I commend my right hon.
and learned Friend for his leadership on Ukraine, showing that the UK is once again at the forefront of protecting democratic freedoms?
Does he agree that as our defence spending increases, we need to support our supply chain companies to increase their capability, creating good jobs and apprenticeships in places such as Stockton North and across the country?
Will he meet me and the Teesside defence and innovation cluster that I have established, which is helping to create that new defence capability for the UK?
This is a once-in-a-generation moment for the security of our country and our continent.
We have set out the fully funded increase in defence spending to 2.5% in 2027, the biggest sustained boost since the cold war, but that must benefit British jobs and British businesses.
That is why I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that he wants with the relevant Minister.
In October last year the Chancellor delivered a massive tax, borrow and spend Budget.
Now her plans have collapsed around her ears, with an emergency Budget to cut that spending, so has the time now come for the Prime Minister to state in public that he has full confidence in the Chancellor?
I have full confidence in the Chancellor—thank you.
Albion Rovers has been a football institution in Coatbridge since 1882.
However, following relegation and the lack of financial support for teams leaving professional leagues, it now faces a deeply perilous situation, and the very future of one of Scotland’s oldest football clubs is at risk.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that clubs such as Albion Rovers are integral to the fabric of our communities?
Will he join me in encouraging all parties to be solution-focused on this matter, and in encouraging football authorities to strengthen our clubs in the lower leagues to help protect their future?
My hon.
Friend is a superb local champion.
Regardless of which club any of us supports, we share a love of the game and they are at the heart of our communities.
Albion Rovers is exactly that—a huge point of local pride.
I would encourage all efforts to secure the future of the club.
We are joined in Parliament today by Katie Brett, whose 16-year-old sister Sasha was raped and stabbed to death; by Ayse Hussain, whose cousin Jan was killed by a sex offender who stored her body in a freezer; by Paula Hudgell, whose adopted son Tony lost his lower legs as a result of childhood cruelty; and by Becky and Glenn Youens, whose daughter Violet-Grace was killed by a hit-and-run driver who spent barely more time in prison than she was alive.
Supporting them are Jeremy and Susan Everard, who received justice for the murder of their daughter Sarah, but who know that too many others do not.
They have come together to say with one voice that it is time for us to start ensuring that sentences truly deliver justice for victims and their families.
Would the Prime Minister agree to meeting them to hear their stories at first hand?