In 30 minutes, we will hear the Chancellor’s emergency Budget—even the Home Secretary’s husband calls it an emergency Budget—as she scrambles to fix the mess she made last October.
But first, let us turn to another Government Minister who is making a mess of her brief: the Education Secretary—[Hon.
Members: “Ah!”]
Why did Labour MPs vote against banning phones in schools last week?
Because it is completely unnecessary.
I have teenage children.
Almost every school bans phones in school; they do it already.
We need to concentrate on what is really important here, which is getting to the content that children should not be accessing.
I would genuinely like to work across the House on that, because there is a huge amount of work to do.
But the battle is not with schools already banning phones; the battle—an important, emerging battle—is to work together to ensure that the content that children are accessing, wherever they are, is suitable for their age.
We can look at the content, but if the ban is unnecessary, why have the Government started a review?
Just last week, the Education Secretary described a ban as “a gimmick”, yet teachers and headteachers say that the evidence already shows that schools that ban phones get better results.
The Prime Minister is wrong: not all schools do this.
Only one in 10 schools is smartphone free.
Will he U-turn on this?
We need to ensure that all schools do this, but the vast majority do.
It is really important that we focus on the battle we need to have with mobile phones, which is the content that children are able to access.
We need to ensure that that content is controlled wherever they are.
It is a question of having the right battle on the right issue, not wasting time on this when almost all schools are already banning mobile phones.
I am surprised that the Prime Minister would say that.
His own Government’s evidence says that phones disrupt nearly half of GCSE classes every single day.
Discipline is the No. 1 issue in many schools.
Under the Conservatives, schools became twice as likely to be good or outstanding after going through our behaviour programme, so why did the Education Secretary abolish that programme?
The right hon.
Lady talks about the record of the last Government.
Under their watch, a third of children started school without appropriate-level development, such as not being able to use a knife and fork.
A quarter left primary school without the required standard of reading, writing and maths, and one in five children was regularly absent.
That is why we are pushing up standards, with more information from Ofsted, transparency for parents and more interventions where schools need it.