Luke Shipley has grown his tech start-up from two employees to more than 100 in just five years.
This year, Luke wanted to double his workforce in Britain, but Labour’s jobs tax is forcing him to look abroad.
While our competitors benefit, our communities at home are missing out.
Why has the Secretary of State failed to protect them from Labour’s jobs tax?
I can assure the business the shadow Secretary of State is referring to that the economic environment here will not only fix the foundations of our economy, but face the future.
The very fact that so many people from organisations around the world are now building out in the UK shows that Britain has the best regulatory, legislative and economic environment in which to invest and thrive as a tech sector into the future.
Thank goodness this Government are doing that, instead of offering the decline of the previous Government.
Luke says Labour’s jobs tax is a huge blow to Britain’s tech sector, and he is absolutely right.
Jobs are being destroyed, investment is down and our wealth creators are leaving the country.
Why is the Secretary of State not clearing up the Chancellor’s mess?
I am not sure that the hon.
Gentleman has been reading the news.
We have had more than £30 billion of tech investment in this country from around the world.
He should be celebrating that, not talking it down.
It was inspiring to meet Safran Electrical & Power and tour its site in Pitstone in my constituency earlier this month.
Safran is celebrating a world first: it has obtained certification from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency for the first electric motor to power new air mobility.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Safran and, given the crucial need to decarbonise aviation, will he assure me of our commitment to innovation in this sector?
I was so happy to learn about Safran’s work.
It is leading the world in electric motors for the aviation sector, as the first to receive certification from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency for powering the future generation of air mobility.
This is a Government who are supporting that kind of innovation and ensuring that this country is leading the world in innovation, job creation, wealth creation and solving the big challenges the world faces into the future.
I recently spoke at a United Nations event hosted by the French that looked at how pornography and extreme content are contributing to misogynistic and toxic behaviour towards women.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what proposals this Government have to implement the recent recommendations of the report commissioned by the previous Government?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
I have met Baroness Bertin, the author of the report, and I am seeking ways to ensure that the issues raised in it are acted upon.
Beckenham and Penge is where local lad David Bowie launched his music career, and today it is home to a vibrant, talented community of creatives whose work is increasingly sought after by AI companies.
Our creatives deserve a just deal to provide fair pay for my constituents and the legal certainty required to encourage Ai investment.
What steps is the Minister taking to deliver that?
This country is a creative content superpower, and we will do absolutely nothing to undermine that.
We want to make sure that people are properly remunerated for their work and that AI companies have access to the high-quality data that they need to be able to deploy effectively in this country.