The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 26 March.
Today’s spring statement will showcase a Government going further and faster on the economy.
We are greenlighting the lower Thames crossing, investing £2 billion in building 80,000 affordable homes for working families, training 60,000 young people—the next generation of construction workers—and fixing millions of potholes.
We are undoing a decade of stagnation, bringing jobs and opportunities for working people and securing Britain’s future.
Tomorrow, I shall meet President Macron in Paris to discuss further our efforts to secure a lasting peace in Ukraine.
May I also welcome the delegation from the Bring Kids Back initiative who are in the Public Gallery?
The abduction of Ukrainian children is grotesque, and the UK will play our full part to bring them home.
It is a stark reminder that any peace settlement must see Russia held accountable for its deplorable actions.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Under this Labour Government, NHS waiting lists are down for five months in a row.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
The Hospital of St Cross in my constituency of Rugby is playing its part, but many of my constituents remain concerned about long waits in A&E, which we inherited from the Conservatives—especially those constituents who have to travel to the general hospital in Coventry.
Will the Prime Minister set out how our plan for change to bring the NHS back into the heart of Government will help us to support the frontline and deliver better emergency care closer to the community, which our constituents have long called for?
Our plan for change has already cut NHS waiting lists by almost 200,000.
That has happened for five months in a row during the winter months.
The local trust’s waiting lists in my hon.
Friend’s area are down 93%, and he is doing great job for his community.
We have already delivered 2 million extra appointments that we promised because of the record investment in the Budget.
The Conservatives cannot have it both ways: if they welcome NHS investment, they cannot criticise raising the money to pay for it.