The British drama “Adolescence” has shone a much-needed spotlight on the enormous damage being done by social media to the minds of many of our young people, especially teenage boys.
We have argued that social media giants should be much more toughly regulated and pay more tax, so that we can defend our young people from this harm.
We have had disturbing reports that the Government are considering scrapping the digital services tax and watering down Britain’s online safety legislation to appease President Trump and his co-president, Elon Musk.
Will the Prime Minister categorically rule out both those things, and make it clear that he will guarantee that British laws on tax and social media will be written in this House, and not the White House?
Yes of course, as the right hon.
Gentleman well knows.
Online safety is important, and important new measures are coming in the next few months under the Act.
We need to see whether we can go further on this issue, because there are concerns about whether the measures go far enough.
But will the laws be made in this place?
Of course they will.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s reply on the social media laws, but he did not answer the point on the digital services tax.
We will come back to that.
Moving on, after President Trump’s national security adviser accidentally added a journalist to a group chat that was discussing military action in Yemen, and given all the concerns that we share about President Trump’s relationship with Vladimir Putin and JD Vance’s insulting disdain for Britain and our armed forces, will the Prime Minister order an urgent review into the security of the intelligence that we share with the United States?
We work with the United States on a daily basis.
I think that the right hon.
Gentleman would like to think of himself as reasonable and, when he is not jumping in Windermere, quite serious, but unpicking our relations with the US on defence and security is neither responsible nor serious.
Medina from Lyminge in my constituency is registered blind.
She recently told me how she had been failed by the broken social security system left behind by the Conservatives.
She faced great difficulties getting support from Access to Work, which is essential across my constituency, and was not helped to find paid employment.
It is so important that disabled people who want to work are supported to do so.
What is the Prime Minister’s message to Medina and others like her, who have been abandoned and shut out of employment for far too long?
Every person should have the right to work, and we will always protect the most severely disabled and those with lifelong health conditions.
We need to support Medina and the 200,000 others like her who can and want to work.
That is why we are  investing £1 billion in personalised and tailored employment programmes and introducing the right to try work guarantee.
The Conservative party presided over a failed system that did not help them and then blamed them.
We will never do that.
Those who know me well know that I do not talk of this often, but for half of my adult life I was physically disabled.
When I first walked through the doors of this Chamber, I did so with a crutch on my right arm to support my body weight.
I know how it feels.
Right now in Scotland, some 55% of children living in poverty have a disabled person in their household.
Can the Prime Minister explain to me—actually, no, can he explain to those children how the Labour party making mum and dad poorer will lift them out of poverty?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for sharing his personal experience of this; he is right to do so.
My family has lived with disability for many years as well, so I understand the human element.
We need to give support to those who need it, we need to help those who want to work into work, and we need to be clear that those who can work should work.
In England, we inherited a failed system that could not be defended, but it is also failing in Scotland.
The right hon.
Member focuses on young people, and 84,000 young Scots—that is 15% of them—are not in employment, education or training.
That is terrible.
Almost 300,000 Scots are economically inactive due to temporary or long-term illness.
What we are doing is taking the steps to help people into work with £1 billion of employment support.
The Scottish Government have record funding under the Budget—what are they going to do to help the young Scots who are being failed by their Government?
The Wrexham and Flintshire investment zone is one of the flagship examples of how, when the Government talk about kick-starting economic growth, they mean it.
This £160 million plan will breathe new life into the local economy and create 6,000 good local jobs, meaning that young people in Wrexham will be able to find more opportunities on their doorstep.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming this important development for north Wales and the potential that it will unlock?
It is really important that we unleash the economic potential of north Wales, including by kick-starting the investment zone, which is backed by major businesses like Airbus and JCB, to leverage £1 billion of private investment; investing £975 million to benefit aerospace workers at Broughton, where I met the fantastic young workers; and securing £1 billion of investment in Shotton Mill, securing 300 jobs on Deeside.
We put a record amount of money into the Welsh Government at the Budget—a decision that was opposed by Plaid.
For what reason the Government has ordered that the UK’s two shale gas wells be permanently sealed.
The right hon.
Member asks about shale gas.
There are very real economic and environmental consequences to fracking, and communities have clearly said no.
I am sorry, but that answer had nothing to do with my question, which was to ask why the Government are ordering the permanent sealing of Britain’s only two shale gas wells.
The Government are perfectly entitled on environmental grounds not to exploit such wells in normal conditions, but does the Prime Minister not recognise that taking a decision now to concrete these things over so that a future Government cannot use them in a desperate situation, such as an international conflict where other sources of power were cut off from us, is an extremely irresponsible and reckless thing to do?
The right hon.
Member knows that there are real consequences of fracking, as I have set out.
What we need to do to secure our independence and the next generation of jobs and to lower bills is move at speed to renewable energy.
That is why I am pleased that record investment is coming into renewable energy so that a tyrant like Putin cannot put his boot on our throat.
If the Conservative party do not want to support that investment, they should say so.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking colleagues from across the House and the excellent Clerks and staff who have spent the last few months working on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill Committee?
Does he agree that if the law is to change on assisted dying, it is extremely important to implement that change as soon as it is safe and practicable to do so?
I congratulate all colleagues working on the Bill and taking part in the debate.
It is an important issue on which there are different views across the House and within parties.
The Bill is a matter for the House, but it is the Government’s role to ensure that every piece of legislation that passes through Parliament is effective and workable, so we will continue to work with my hon.
Friend, as the Bill’s promoter, to do that in the same way that we do for every private Member’s Bill that passes Second Reading.
If Parliament chooses to pass the Bill, the Government will implement it in a way that is safe and practicable.
Acorns children’s hospice provides compassionate care to very young cancer patients and their families across Bromsgrove and the villages, yet it faces a staggering £416,000 increase in national insurance contributions as a result of choices made by this Government.
With no exemption for hospices and no uplift in non-capital funding, this means that the charity will have to draw on charitable donations made by the public, which will affect frontline services.
This is not right, so will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to right that wrong and exempt hospices from this tax?
We are investing £100 million in adult and children’s hospices to improve facilities, equipment and accommodation, as well as £26 million in funding  through the children’s hospice grant.
[Interruption.]
Conservative Members’ cries and moaning would have a lot more value if they started their questions with an apology for crashing the economy in the first place.
Roads in Burton and Uttoxeter and across Staffordshire are littered with potholes.
Local people are forking out thousands because of the Conservatives’ neglect and incompetence, despite this Labour Government giving Tory Staffordshire county council £39 million to get the job done.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the people of Staffordshire deserve better than roads with more dimples than a Staffordshire oatcake?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Potholes are a real nuisance; if somebody is using their car or van for work and they hit a pothole, they are looking at a bill of several hundred pounds, which for many working families is unbudgeted for.
That is why we are handing the West Midlands combined authority an additional £8.6 million to help repair its roads, as part of a record £1.6 billion invested across the country.
On top of that, every council must now publish how many potholes it has filled so that we can show that we are making progress and delivering—something that did not happen under the last Government.
When he was Director of Public Prosecutions, I do not think the right hon.
and learned Gentleman would have sat comfortably in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Cameron, but incredibly in Scotland, we have a situation in which the head of prosecutions—the Lord Advocate—does sit in Cabinet.
This situation has been thrown into sharp focus lately by a police probe into the finances of the SNP, and has been thrown further into focus because, although not personally involved, the Lord Advocate ultimately sits at the head of the investigation into former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who faced potential criminal charges.
This situation has been created by the SNP, who will not fix it.
Does it sit with this House to amend the situation?
This is a really important issue, and Labour in Scotland has been clear that it would separate that role.
That is the right thing to do, for the reasons that have just been articulated; it is the obvious thing to do, and obviously it is what we do in England and Wales.
There have been calls for a review of this issue since 2021, but the SNP has not acted fast on those calls.
It really does need to bring forward proposals now to deal with this problem, which has been sitting there for a very long time.
I join the Prime Minister in welcoming the delegation from Bring Kids Back, which is trying to return the tens of thousands of children abducted by Vladimir Putin in an act of pure evil.
The Prime Minister will be aware that that initiative has been working with Yale University’s humanitarian lab, which was tracking thousands of those children inside Russia until recently—I say “until recently” because it has had its long-term funding removed.
Will he consider using our existing contributions to the   partnership fund for a resilient Ukraine to resume that important work, and in doing so, restore the hope that those children can be returned to their anguished families?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for emphasising this issue again.
Russia’s abduction of Ukrainian children is sickening—I think all of us across the House would agree on that.
A peace settlement in Ukraine must see Russia held to account and those children reunited with their families.
In specific reference to my hon.
Friend’s question, the UK is playing our full part in international efforts, including funding the Bring Kids Back initiative through the partnership fund for a resilient Ukraine.
I want to reassure the whole House that we will do everything we can to see those children returned and reintegrated as safely and quickly as is possible.
The seven-year-old adopted daughter of my constituent Sarah suffered immense trauma in her early years.
Thanks to support from the adoption and special guardianship support fund, she has been able to access much-needed therapy that has helped her to progress.
However, she and thousands of others do not know whether they will be able to get more help, because in just five days that fund ends, and Ministers have repeatedly refused to confirm whether it will continue.
Can the Prime Minister give a cast-iron guarantee to vulnerable children, adoptive parents and kinship carers that he will not cut that fund, so that Sarah—in her own words—can give her daughter “the absolute best second chance in life she deserves”?
We will set out the details just as soon as we can, on the basis of the principles that I set out earlier.
The welfare scheme overall is not defendable on terms, but it must be one that supports those who need it.
The details will be set out.
While our nation was being engulfed last year by racist riots, in Slough, Christians, Hindus, Jews, Sikhs and people of faith and of no faith openly declared that if anybody tried to attack a mosque in our town, we would stand in solidarity with our local Muslim community to protect it.
Since then, however, many have become more fearful, with a rise in Islamophobic attacks, including at a mosque in Aberdeen this month.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister confirm for the country what steps the Government are taking to tackle such hate crime and promote community cohesion, so that those seeking to divide our British society are not allowed to succeed?