Tragically, flaws in data and its processing are posing grave risks to women and girls.
The Sullivan report exposed serious failings in the collection and use of biological sex data, which is often being replaced with gender identity.
The report highlighted the risk that poses to the safe delivery of health services, policing and security.
The Health Secretary has already shown leadership on this issue, but to date the Secretary of State has remained silent.
When did he first have sight of the Sullivan report, and when does he intend to act on it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask that question.
The Government are acting on it, and the Health Secretary has been acting on it.
I myself have contacted all Government Departments on the back of that important review to ensure that every Department is aware of it, of some of its contents, and of its relevance to different Departments, and I will be meeting the author in the coming days and weeks to ensure that she is satisfied with the action that the Government are taking.
If he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on providing additional support for research into motor neurone disease.
We work closely with the Department of Health and Social Care to support research into this terrible disease.
UK Research and Innovation invested £10 million in MND research in 2023-24, and it also plays a key role in funding the underpinning research that benefits medical research more generally.
Since 2022, the Medical Research Council and the National Institute for Health and Care Research have awarded £2.8 million to MND projects led by Scottish research organisations.
My hon.
Friend will know of the important work of MND campaigners, including my constituent Mark Sommerville, who are seeking more Government investment in MND research.
I recognise that any further plans for research and development investment would be outlined after the spending review in June, but can my hon.
Friend give some reassurance to those with MND and their families, for whom time matters so much, that the Department is giving consideration to boosting investment in MND research, working with key partners to accelerate the development of new treatments?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to the work of the Mark Sommerville Foundation in this important area.
Government funders are investing in MND research to accelerate progress.
Let me give just one example.
Through UK Research and Innovation and the National Institute for Health and Care Research, the Government are investing £6 million in the MND translational accelerator, led by Dementias Platform UK.
The aim of the funded projects is to accelerate the development of treatment for MND.
It is good to hear that there is continuing investment in the search for therapies and indeed cures to deal with this horrific disease, but even if therapies do emerge, one of the frustrations in getting them to patients may be the inability of scientists to obtain access to clinical trials.
In “Life Sciences Vision”, published in 2021, a number of groups combined to look into access to clinical trials in the UK and the possibility of increasing the number of such trials, but acceleration has not been good.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for life sciences, and one of the comments I hear most frequently in the industry is about the need for a more focused effort in this regard.
Would the Minister consider establishing a clinical trials taskforce in her Department to drive this important work forward?
The Government are doing and have done a great deal.
We have continued to support this work through both UKRI and the NIHR, and a large amount of funding has gone into clinical research.
However, I should be happy to discuss the issue further with the right hon.
Gentleman, and to let him know what more work could be done on clinical trials.
What plans his Department has to support a UK space launch.
Being a leader in the new space race is vital to protecting the UK’s security and delivering on our mission for growth.
The Government have invested in a range of launch capabilities, including spaceports in Cornwall and Scotland and also launch vehicles.
Most recently, we invested £20 million to enable the UK rocket manufacturer Orbex to complete the construction of its launch vehicle.
What work is the Department doing to ensure that the UK space sector is a launch pad for innovation and investment, and creates skilled jobs—both commercial and in the defence sector—across Scotland and the United Kingdom as a whole?
We have space skills across the UK, but we have particular expertise in Scotland.
I enjoyed visiting Glasgow recently to see how every part of its economy supports the space sector, especially the small satellite manufacturing sector.
Several launch operations, including Orbex, are targeting orbital launches from SaxaVord spaceport in Shetland this year.
That is a testament to the innovation taking place throughout the UK and specifically in Scotland.
If that first space launch happens, and I believe it will, it will happen at SaxaVord in Unst, and the Secretary of State will be very welcome to join us when it does.
For the UK space sector as a whole to recognise the full opportunities we have, we need to get serious about the delivery of the Government’s space strategy.
Last year, the National Audit Office identified a number of challenges that the strategy faces.
When will we hear the Government’s response?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that, when we came into office, we did not inherit a clear strategy for delivering on our priorities for space.
That strategy is now being developed.
The investments we are making as a Department and a Government into space, and the way we are making sure that our relationship with the European Space Agency is delivering for the British sector—we have more grants being delivered in the UK in the latest round of funding than any other country—show that we are delivering.
I share his enthusiasm and certainty that a launch will happen this year, and I very much look forward to being there alongside him to witness it.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of Ofcom’s reporting of mobile coverage.
I am sure that every Member of the House would agree that Ofcom’s reporting of mobile coverage is rather over-optimistic and does not reflect people’s lived experience.
I am absolutely determined to change that, and Ofcom is helping me to do so.
My constituent Lesley suffers from multiple health conditions, including epilepsy, and lives with the constant risk of seizures.
Her family rely on broadband to use the landline, but recently the broadband went down for several days, which meant she was completely unable to make calls because of the ongoing problems with mobile coverage in Llandudno.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss how we can safeguard vulnerable customers such as Lesley and address the issues in Llandudno?
I think my hon.
Friend also has a problem at one of her universities, which we are going to try to deal with as well.
She has written to me, and I will write back as soon as possible, but perhaps we could short-cut that with a meeting.
I am conscious that, for medical conditions, the resilience of someone’s connectivity is just as important as the day-to-day coverage.