The Prime Minister did not answer the question about compensating schools for the jobs tax, which is costing schools a lot of money.
The CEO of the United Learning group says that the grant that they were given is 20% short.
Some schools will face shortfalls of up to 35%.
Can he guarantee that no teacher will lose their job as a result of his jobs tax?
It was this Government who put a record amount into our schools at the Budget, just as we put a record amount into our NHS and public services, which were utterly failed under the last Government.
Yet again, the right hon.
Lady wants all the benefits—the NHS—but she cannot say how she is going to pay for it.
That is what got us into the mess in the first place.
The whole House will have heard that the Prime Minister could not guarantee that teachers’ jobs are safe.
Not only is he taxing schools, but he is lowering standards.
He talks about our record, so I will tell him what our record was: under the Conservatives, English schools shot up the international league tables while standards fell at schools in Labour-run Wales.
Academy freedoms led to the biggest improvement of standards in a generation, but the Education Secretary is attacking them with her reforms.
Can the Prime Minister point to any evidence at all that these discredited academy reforms will improve school standards?
Yes.
Take the example of schools going into academies.
The vast majority of schools are already academies.
Therefore, we need to think again about what we do about failing schools that are already academies.
We need to go on to the next chapter.
The Conservatives never take the big decisions.
That is why we ended up with their record: open borders, which the right hon.
Lady was a cheerleader for, a crashed economy, mortgages through the roof, the NHS on its knees, and hollowed-out armed forces.
What have we got already under this Government?
Two million extra NHS appointments, 750 breakfast clubs—including one in her constituency—record numbers of people who should not be here being returned, and a fully funded increase in defence spending.
That is the difference a Labour Government makes.
I recently visited Harlow college and saw the work it was doing training the bricklayers and electricians of the future.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the work of further education colleges like Harlow’s is vital for the house building that we need for future generations?
What will his Government do to support Harlow’s next generation?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his constituents.
We are investing £600 million in training up to 60,000 more skilled house builders to support the next generation and deliver 1.5 million new  homes.
We are creating technical excellence colleges and investing in Stansted airport, creating 5,000 jobs nearby, which will create more opportunities for young people in Harlow.