Katie has worked across five gubernatorial administrations under both

Democratic and Republican governors, demonstrating a unique ability to

bridge political divides.
Her tenure in Washington, D.C., has been

marked by tireless advocacy for California's policy priorities and

effective collaboration with our congressional offices and other

federal partners.
Prior to that, she spent eight years in the

California Governor's office in Sacramento, fostering partnerships and

crafting solutions across geographical divides.
Katie has been a formidable advocate for California's interests

before Congress, across multiple federal administrations, and before

organizations such as the National Governors' Association and the

Western Governors' Association.
Her understanding of complex policy

issues and ability to navigate the intricacies of federal-state

relations have made her a valuable member of the Governor's office,

including her work in recent years to support California's leadership

on climate, immigration, and combatting the fentanyl crisis.
Katie's

extensive government experience and relationships with leaders on both

sides of the aisle have solidified her reputation as a trusted advisor

to many.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending a heartfelt appreciation to

Katie Wheeler Mathews for her outstanding service to the State of

California and in wishing her the best in her next chapter.
California

is better for her service, and we thank her for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAGGIE VALLEY

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 50th anniversary of

Maggie Valley's incorporation as a municipality in North Carolina.
Home

to about 1,800 North Carolinians, Maggie Valley's rich history predates

the town's official incorporation by many years.
Located in Haywood County, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians

occupied this region prior to the first White settlers.
In the early

1800s, mountain settlers began to move into the valley and brought with

them the characteristics that still define Maggie Valley--self-

sufficiency, resourcefulness, independence and free-thinking.
In 1890, one of the valley's residents, Jack Setzer, became fed up

with having to pay someone to take and pick up mail from the nearest

post office located five miles away.
Setzer began contacting officials

with the United States Postal Service to establish a post office in his

area that everyone in the valley could use.
When the U.S. postmaster general approved the creation of the post

office, authorities requested that Setzer submit three potential names.
He gave them the names of his three daughters: Cora, Mettie, and Maggie

Mae.
On May 10, 1904, Jack received a letter from the U.S. Postmaster

General Frank Hitchcock that postal authorities had decided on a name:

Maggie, North Carolina.
In 1974, the North Carolina General Assembly voted to approve Maggie

Valley as an official municipality and approved the town's formation of

a local government, consisting of a mayor and a five-member board of

aldermen.
Maggie Valley serves as the gateway to the Great Smoky Mountain

National Park and the Blue Ridge Parkway.
The town's proximity to these

two attractions allows thousands of visitors to experience the beauty

of Maggie Valley each year.
This year commemorates Maggie Valley's five decades as an official

town.
As residents celebrate the 50th anniversary this week, they honor

the virtues and traditions that have defined Maggie Valley for half a

century and look to carry those forward for 50 more years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
GENE LEEHAN'S RETIREMENT FROM CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR NORTH

AMERICA

HON.
TROY E. NEHLS

Mr. NEHLS.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to congratulate a fellow Texan

upon his retirement on July 19th.
Mr. Gene Leehan is a past president

of the Outdoor Advertising Association of Texas (OAAT) and has worked

in the out of home advertising industry for 38 years.
Mr. Leehan is

retiring from his position as Executive Vice President and Senior

Regional President of Clear Channel Outdoor North America (CCOA).