In the District

of Columbia, we especially thank the employees of the Court Services

and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA)

and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA) for

their service.
CSOSA and PSA are models of excellence in community

supervision.
The theme of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision

Week 2024 is ``Wellness Unveiled: Navigating the Journey.''
Community supervision agencies are valuable partners of other

government agencies, nonprofits, neighborhood-based groups and all who

strive to make our Nation safer and stronger.
We extend out gratitude

to community supervision professionals and encourage all people to

recognize their many achievements as we proclaim July 21-27, 2024, as

Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2024.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SECOND CLASS OF DHS ICDF PROGRAM

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the second

class of the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Intelligence and

Cybersecurity Diversity Fellowship (ICDF) Program.
The ICDF Program

intends to help DHS cultivate diverse talent to enter public service in

Federal cybersecurity offices and components.
This exemplary fellowship

class is working across the homeland security enterprise--in DHS

Headquarters, the Office of Intelligence and Analysts, Coast Guard,

Secret Service, and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
This year's class includes four returning fellows and eleven new

fellows.
They represent 10 States and hail from universities of all

sizes.
Six of this year's class attend Historically Black Colleges and

Universities, and three attend other Minority Serving Institutions.
This talented class of fellows represents the diverse perspectives that

are needed to help strengthen DHS's ability to analyze the evolving

threats facing our Nation.
I am proud that the fellowship program I

passed through the House has provided pathways to success for each of

these future homeland security leaders.
Congratulations to Veronica Kyles, Christian Lopez, Erin Sullivan,

Reyben Cortes, Kiara Kelly, Ariel Henderson, Ethan Polhemus, Sage

Despignes, Sharanya Padithaya, Zaria Gibbs, Daryan Lassiter, Kamryn

Brown, Shaqandra Roberson, Tori Johnson, and Kaari Harsila.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to following their careers as they

progress toward making our homeland even safer.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SIC LESLIE KENNETH CHAMPNEY

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, we are here today to honor the life of

Leslie Kenneth Champney in recognition of his service in the United

States Navy Reserve during the Second World War.
Seaman First Class Leslie Champney served his country from September

1, 1943 to May 25, 1946.
While in enlisted in the US Navy Reserve, Mr.

Champney served overseas as a security officer aboard the SS Charles J.

Folger and the USS Barber for a total of twenty-three months,

experiencing both the Atlantic and Pacific theaters of the war.
Once while on a ship in the North Atlantic, Mr. Champney and his

shipmates encountered a majestic whale, a memory he would often share

with his children.
Upon his return from service, Mr. Champney fathered seven children

and worked hard as an automotive mechanic, primarily focused on diesel

vehicles.
Although he did not often speak of his time in the military, he

deserves our gratitude and proper recognition for his contribution to

the Allied victory in World War II.
Today, we present the late Mr. Champney's son, Kenn, with the five

medals his father earned through his service during World War II.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MEALS ON WHEELS OF NORTHWEST INDIANA CEO

SANDRA NOE

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I take this time to recognize Sandra Noe and to congratulate her on her

retirement from her position as Chief Executive Officer of Meals on

Wheels of Northwest Indiana.