Previously, the team had not advanced past a semifinal round.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Coach Clinard, the

Auburn University Men's Golf team, students, faculty, and all the fans.
War Eagle.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WISHING WORLD WAR II VETERAN ROBERT BOHYER A VERY HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate and wish a very happy and

special 100th birthday to World War II veteran Robert Bohyer.
Robert embodies what it means to be a member of the ``Greatest

Generation.''
When the forces of fascism threatened the peace,

security, and freedom of millions upon millions, Robert answered the

call to serve, joining the U.S. Army Air Corps--which later became the

Air Force--when he was only 18 years old.
As a B-17 tail gunner, Robert was assigned to the 486th Bombardment

Group near Sudbury, England and then later to the 483rd Bombardment

Group in Italy.
All told, Robert flew 35 missions from England and

Italy, and he faced down mortal danger with the kind of heroic courage

and valor that we desperately need more of today.
Robert succinctly

captured the danger he confronted by saying ``We were shot up but never

shot down.''
Robert distinguished himself in service, and he has the

medals and citations to prove it.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must

constantly be fought for and guarded by each generation.
That noble

mission is exactly what Robert helped carry out when he wore the

uniform of the United States Military.
Because of the service and

sacrifice of veterans, generations of Americans have been able to

experience the blessings of liberty and live in a land that is free.
For that, all of us owe Robert and his fellow veterans a debt that we

can never fully repay.
As Robert celebrates a century of life lived to the fullest, I join

his family and countless Hoosiers in wishing Robert Bohyer a very Happy

100th Birthday.
I commend him for his loyal service to our Nation in

uniform and the many great contributions he has made to our country.
May God bless Robert.