Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to congratulate a fellow Texan

upon his retirement on July 19th.
Mr. Gene Leehan is a past president

of the Outdoor Advertising Association of Texas (OAAT) and has worked

in the out of home advertising industry for 38 years.
Mr. Leehan is

retiring from his position as Executive Vice President and Senior

Regional President of Clear Channel Outdoor North America (CCOA).
Over the years, CCOA and the Texas association have been key partners

with federal and state agencies in times of emergency, using outdoor

advertising assets to display important public messaging.
This

partnership has been valuable to constituents in my district, and to

all Texans, including recently with Hurricane Beryl.
In recognition of his many industry contributions, Mr. Leehan was

inducted into the out of home advertising Hall of Fame in 2015.
Mr.

Leehan's public service also includes work with the National

Multicultural Western Heritage Museum, a Texas non-profit that

recognizes pioneers of the American western frontier.
Again, I want to congratulate Mr. Leehan on a long and fulfilling

career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NURSE HONOR GUARD OF SAINT LOUIS

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr Speaker, I rise along with the people of St. Louis today

to solemnly pay homage to the Nurse Honor Guard of Saint Louis and its

visionary founder and president, Aine Howard-Boerner, MSN.
Since its establishment in 2023, the Nurse Honor Guard of Saint Louis

has emerged as a beacon of compassion dedicated to honoring nurses

nearing or entering eternal rest, offering solace to grieving families

across Missouri and Illinois.
Inspired by the tradition of military honor guards that honor fallen

servicemen and women, police officers, and firefighters, the Nurse

Honor Guard wears traditional white nursing uniforms, complete with a

red and blue cape and traditional nursing caps.
They attend the

funerals of their fellow nurses, paying homage and extending comfort to

families in their time of mourning.
The organization has conducted 124 memorial tributes, four living

tributes, and one memorial table for departed colleagues.
Comprised of

30 retired and active nurses, these tributes honor the departed and

serve as a source of renewal for the members of the Nurse Honor Guard

amidst the formidable challenges and demands of their profession,

particularly underscored by the devastating COVID-19 pandemic.
Nurses

and their communities are reminded of their steadfast courage and

unwavering commitment through these services.
As we reflect on the profound impact of the Nurse Honor Guard of

Saint Louis, we follow our pledge to honor the memory of our fallen

nurses, support grieving families, and uphold the pride and dignity of

the nursing profession with enduring gratitude.
As a nurse and

Congresswoman, I am honored to join our St. Louis community to commend

the Nurse Honor Guard of Saint Louis and its members for their

exemplary service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRETRIAL, PROBATION AND PAROLE SUPERVISION WEEK

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Nation's community

supervision professionals, who are dedicated public servants and

perform many vital roles in their work with justice-involved adults and

juveniles.
Community supervision professionals identify opportunities

and services to help justice-involved individuals contribute to

society, while holding them accountable for their actions.
They remain

mindful of their role in protecting public safety.
In honor of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2024, we

salute all those who have chosen this important career.
In the District

of Columbia, we especially thank the employees of the Court Services

and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA)

and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA) for

their service.
CSOSA and PSA are models of excellence in community

supervision.
The theme of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision

Week 2024 is ``Wellness Unveiled: Navigating the Journey.''