From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MEALS ON WHEELS OF NORTHWEST INDIANA CEO

SANDRA NOE

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I take this time to recognize Sandra Noe and to congratulate her on her

retirement from her position as Chief Executive Officer of Meals on

Wheels of Northwest Indiana.
Sandra's efforts to improve the quality-

of-life for the aging community and those faced with disabilities

throughout Northwest Indiana make her worthy of the utmost praise and

our sincere gratitude.
For her 38 years of unwavering dedication to the

organization, Sandra will be honored at a retirement celebration taking

place on Friday, July 19, 2024.
Since its humble beginnings in 1977, Meals on Wheels of Northwest

Indiana has seen consistent growth, and its immense impact has been a

source of pride throughout the community.
During her illustrious

tenure, Sandra has been instrumental in every aspect of the

organization, from managing human resources to developing computer

programs for food purchases and inventory control to assisting in a

building expansion to construct two central kitchens.
A testament to

Sandra's outstanding leadership, Meals on Wheels of Northwest Indiana

now delivers more than 2,000 meals each day to children and adults

throughout the region and recently reached an incredible milestone,

having served its 9 millionth meal.
Under Sandra's direction, the

organization has continued to thrive, and we as a community are truly

grateful for her service.
In addition to her impressive career, Sandra has dedicated much of

her time to charitable endeavors and organizations throughout the

region.
She has served on advisory boards for the Indiana University

Northwest School of Public and Environmental Affairs, the advisory

committee for Northwest Indiana Community Action, and as a board member

and finance committee member for Meals on Wheels America.
Notably,

Sandra is a proud founding member of the board of the 219 Health

Network, and she was named the 2015 recipient of the Influential Woman

of Northwest Indiana Women in Non-Profit Award by the Northwest Indiana

Influential Women Association, a prestigious accolade befitting her

noteworthy career.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues

join me in recognizing the remarkable work of Meals on Wheels of

Northwest Indiana and the lifetime of selfless service and tireless

dedication of Sandra Noe.
Her commitment to the Northwest Indiana

community serves as an inspiration to us all, and we extend our best

wishes upon her retirement in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LAUREL M. LEE

Ms. LEE of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have

voted YEA on Roll Call No.
353; YEA on Roll Call No.
354; and YEA on

Roll Call No.
355.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE AUBURN MEN'S GOLF TEAM'S NCAA DIVISION I NATIONAL TITLE

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

Auburn University Men's Golf team for winning the NCAA Division I

National Title.
On May 29th, the Auburn Tigers held off Florida State University

three matches to two to secure their title win.
The tournament came

down to the last match of the day and was finally won on the 17th hole

with a par.
The tournament was played at the Omni La Costa Resort in

Carlsbad, California.
This is the first national championship for the Auburn Men's Golf

Team and advanced the team to 4-1 all-time in NCAA championship match

play.
Previously, the team had not advanced past a semifinal round.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Coach Clinard, the

Auburn University Men's Golf team, students, faculty, and all the fans.
War Eagle.