Title: CELEBRATING MRS.
KIMBERLY LEACH-WRIGHT ON 40 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
117

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MRS.
KIMBERLY LEACH-WRIGHT ON 40 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend Mrs. Kimberly ``Kim''

Leach-Wright for her outstanding service at the U.S. Department of

Justice, Executive Office for Immigration Review.
For more than 40 years, Mrs. Leach-Wright has been a dedicated public

servant.
She

started her career in 1983 as a student at the U.S. Department of

Commerce, Patent and Trade Office.
Later, in 1985, she joined the U.S.

Department of Justice, Marshals Service where she worked to advance

their mission of enforcing federal laws and aided various elements of

the federal justice system.
Over the last 22 years, she has served in

the role of Supervisory Case Management Specialist of the East Team at

the Clerk's Office where she has been committed to coaching employees

and nurturing their professional growth into long-term career

successes.
She is described in the office as energetic, funny, and

committed to helping others--an invaluable set of skills that will be

greatly missed.
Early on, Mrs. Leach-Wright demonstrated her skills and received the

Executive of Immigration Review Director's Award for her excellence in

General Legal Support in 2001.
In recognition of her leadership, she

received the Executive of Immigration Review Director's Award again in

2020.
Her dedication, commitment, and passion for serving others is

inspiring.
Her contributions as a Team Leader help shape our future by

both empowering professionals with knowledge and inspiring them to

continue to learn.
I am honored to recognize Mrs. Leach-Wright for her

unwavering service to our country.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mrs. Kimberly

Leach-Wright for her dedication to public service over the last 40

years.
I join her friends and loved ones in celebrating her

contributions and in wishing her the best as she retires to spend time

with her husband, Ron, and her grandchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXONERATION OF THE PORT CHICAGO 50

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to thank Secretary of the

Navy Carlos Del Toro for exonerating the Port Chicago 50 after a second

review of their case since 1994, correcting 80 years of injustice.
As

the Congressman for Port Chicago, California, I am pleased that justice

delayed is no longer justice denied for these American veterans of

World War II and their families.
On July 17, 1944, a tragic munitions explosion at the Port Chicago

Naval Magazine killed 320 sailors and civilian workers, the majority of

whom were African American.
While white officers were given time off

following the accident, white Navy officers ordered African American

sailors to return to work in the same unsafe conditions that killed

their fellow servicemembers.
When 50 of these men refused, they were

wrongfully charged with mutiny and convicted in a hastily conducted

trial overshadowed by the scourge of racism.
The convictions of the Port Chicago 50 were not just a miscarriage of

justice; they were emblematic of the broader racial prejudice that

African Americans faced within the military and society at large, even

while serving in their country's uniform or contributing to the war

effort on the Homefront as civilian workers.
These men stood against

dangerous conditions and racial discrimination, maintaining their

innocence up until their deaths decades later.
Public outrage over their Navy trail and conviction lead to the U.S.

Navy becoming the first military service branch to officially

desegregate in 1946, helping to civil rights for all Americans.
President Truman ordered the desegregation of all U.S. military service

branches in 1948.
In 1999, President Clinton pardoned Freddie Meeks,

one of the three surviving sailors of the Port Chicago 50 and the only

to request one.