Public outrage over their Navy trail and conviction lead to the U.S.

Navy becoming the first military service branch to officially

desegregate in 1946, helping to civil rights for all Americans.
President Truman ordered the desegregation of all U.S. military service

branches in 1948.
In 1999, President Clinton pardoned Freddie Meeks,

one of the three surviving sailors of the Port Chicago 50 and the only

to request one.
The two other surviving sailors declined a presidential

pardon, refusing to ask for clemency for a crime for which they were

wrongfully convicted.
All three men have since passed away.
Exoneration of the Port Chicago 50 is a long overdue step in

addressing historical injustices and affirming our national commitment

to equality for all service members and all Americans regardless of

race or creed.
Now, 80 years later, the families of the Port Chicago 50

finally have closure and justice.
I am proud to stand with the families

of these World War II veterans and my colleagues, Representatives Mark

DeSaulnier and Barbara Lee, in celebrating this historic moment.
By

exonerating them, we honor their memory and rightful place in American

history, ensuring their legacy is remembered with dignity and as early

leaders who helped to inspire what later became the American civil

rights movement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
TIMOTHY MURPHY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Timothy Murphy as

one of this year's recipients of the University of Buffalo's

President's Medal.
The University of Buffalo's President's Medal

recognizes those who have made extraordinary contributions to the

quality of life and development in the University's community.
I can

think of no one who is more deserving of this award than Dr. Timothy

Murphy.
Dr. Murphy is an internationally recognized expert in respiratory

infections and has transformed the way the medical community approaches

them.
His research has made significant breakthroughs in the

understanding of bacterial infections in chronic obstructive pulmonary

disease and vaccine development for both ear infections and COPD.
Outside of his groundbreaking research, Dr. Murphy is the founding

director of the University at Buffalo Clinical and Translational

Science Institute, which advances research throughout the University

and its partners to reduce health disparities in our community.
With a

team of approximately 40 faculty and 118 staff members, the Institute

has catalyzed a transformation of the clinical and translational

research environment.
More recently, the University at Buffalo launched

the Community Health Equity Research Institute under Dr. Murphy's

leadership.
Working closely with community partners and faculty from

all 12 schools at UB, the Institute works to support research that

address the root cause of health disparities while developing and

testing solutions to the social determinants that cause them.
Once again, I would like to congratulate Dr. Timothy Murphy on his

well-deserved achievement of receiving the University of Buffalo's

President's Medal.
I thank him for his tremendous efforts to advance

the medical field all while supporting his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KATIE WHEELER MATHEWS

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the California

Democratic Congressional Delegation to honor the public service of

Katie Wheeler Mathews, as she retires from her role as Senior Advisor

for Federal Affairs for the State of California.
Katie's career in

state government spans over 36 years and is characterized by dedicated

service, a bipartisan spirit, and a profound commitment to her home

state of California.
Katie has worked across five gubernatorial administrations under both

Democratic and Republican governors, demonstrating a unique ability to

bridge political divides.
Her tenure in Washington, D.C., has been

marked by tireless advocacy for California's policy priorities and

effective collaboration with our congressional offices and other

federal partners.
Prior to that, she spent eight years in the

California Governor's office in Sacramento, fostering partnerships and

crafting solutions across geographical divides.