Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Dr. Phil DiStefano, a man whose 15 years of leadership as Chancellor of the University of Colorado Boulder and a half-century of dedication to CU Boulder have left an indelible mark on the university.
I've had the privilege of witnessing firsthand the profound impact that Chancellor DiStefano's leadership has had on CU and across our state.
Phil's journey is nothing short of inspiring.
A first-generation college student from Steubenville, Ohio, his academic and professional path has taken him from Ohio to the heights of leadership at one of our Nation's top universities.
His journey is a testament to the transformative power of education and the potential that lies within each of us.
While he may have started in Ohio, Colorado is his home today, and our state has greatly benefited from his presence.
Throughout his tenure as Chancellor, Dr. DiStefano was committed to making CU Boulder a nationally recognized research institution that shapes tomorrow's leaders and positively impacts society.
Under his leadership, CU Boulder has awarded nearly 117,000 degrees and raised over $2 billion in philanthropic gifts.
Through his work in technology transfer, Chancellor DiStefano has paved the way for substantial growth in the university, including the creation of 40 startup ventures and the signing of 223 license and option agreements.
The university's research and innovation efforts have had a significant influence not only on the local economy but also on the entire Nation.
Over the past five years, CU Boulder's commercialization activities alone generated a domestic economic impact of $1.9 billion, supporting an estimated 11,545 jobs and contributing $1.2 billion to the state's economy, and has ensured that CU Boulder remains at the forefront of research.
As Dr. DiStefano transitions to his new role as Senior Executive Director of the CU Boulder Center for Leadership, we know that his legacy of student success, faculty excellence, and campus sustainability has elevated CU Boulder to the top tier of academic institutions, making it a beacon of excellence across the country.
I want to personally express my gratitude to Chancellor DiStefano for his service to our community, Colorado, and our Nation.
His contributions will be felt for decades to come.
I thank Phil for his leadership and dedication to CU Boulder.
It has been an honor to work alongside him.