Mr. GREEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an individual whose dedication and sacrifice have helped to secure our Nation.
I would like to recognize Troy A. Miller, a remarkable individual whose 31 years of service to this country have culminated in his final role leading U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) as the Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Commissioner.
In this position, he directed CBP's 65,000 employees in executing its three core missions of counterterrorism, border security, and trade enforcement, while facilitating $4 trillion in trade and facilitating travel of over 410 million people through ports of entry.
As he prepares to retire, I rise to recognize a career defined by integrity, selflessness, and an unwavering commitment to public service.
Every time he was asked to fill a critical leadership role, he quickly answered the call and served with distinction.
I also want to extend my appreciation to his family who have supported him throughout his incredible career.
I offer my sincere thanks to his wife, Jennifer, and his daughter, Alexandria.
Troy led CBP, the Nation's largest law enforcement agency, through a myriad of challenges, to include the COVID-19 pandemic, surges of migration along the Nation's borders, and hurricane relief efforts.
Among his many notable achievements, Troy confronted the scourge of fentanyl by evolving CBP to not only match but surpass the sophistication and persistence of the criminal organizations responsible for trafficking this lethal drug across our borders and into our communities.
His efforts brought together coordinated intelligence and special enforcement operations to find and intercept fentanyl wherever it attempted to infiltrate our borders--whether in cargo, among travelers, or through small packages.
Furthermore, he extended these efforts beyond our borders, taking the fight to local cartel leaders and dismantling the foreign supply chains responsible for aiding the proliferation of this criminal activity.
Troy also made his mark as a true champion of the dedicated CBP workforce.
He was not only a fierce advocate for the agency's technology, infrastructure, and resource needs, but also a driving force in fostering a culture that prioritized the health and well-being importance of mission readiness and understood the intense pressures associated with a career at CBP.
He spearheaded the development and expansion of CBP's workforce care program, making significant investments in the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual health of its personnel.
He focused on removing stigmas, delivering services directly to employees across the Nation, and providing specialized support to help CBP's workforce navigate the tough operational situations they face every day.
Through his distinguished career at CBP, Troy made significant advancements to the national and economic security of the United States.
Between December 2021 and November 2022, Troy served as CBP's Deputy Commissioner, the agency's senior career official, responsible for overseeing the daily operations of CBP's expansive mission.
Prior to his role as Deputy Commissioner, Troy served as the Director, Field Operations for CBP's New York Field Office where he was responsible for CBP's national security, anti-terrorism, immigration, agriculture, and trade enforcement operations at two of the country's busiest international airports--John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport--the East Coast's largest container seaport in New York/Newark, and CBP's Pharmaceutical, Health and Chemicals Center of Excellence and Expertise.
Troy also served as the first Executive Director of the CBP National Targeting Center, where he expanded CBP's targeting, research, and analysis capabilities, and strengthened interagency and international coordination to screen, vet, and mitigate high-risk cargo and travelers.
He established Counter Network and Counterterrorism Divisions within the National Targeting Center, transforming CBP's approach to identifying threat actors and dismantling the transnational criminal and terrorist networks that support them.
Under his leadership, and pursuant to National Security Presidential Memorandum9, the National Vetting Center was established as an interagency solution for vetting support and strategically located at the National Targeting Center.
To this day, Troy's national security targeting expertise is recognized worldwide.
From 2013 to 2015, Troy served as the Acting Assistant Commissioner, Office of Intelligence and Investigative Liaison, where he initiated an organizational restructuring in direct support of field components and border enforcement entities that partner with them and promoted initiatives to transcend physical borders.
In addition, he has held numerous leadership positions including Assistant Port Director, Seattle; Director of Targeting and Analysis, Office of Intelligence and Operations Coordination; and Director of the National Targeting CenterPassenger.
Troy began his federal career with the U.S. Customs Service in 1993 as a Customs Inspector.
He received the Distinguished Executive Presidential Rank Award in 2016 and was awarded the Meritorious Executive Presidential Rank Award in 2021.
Troy's 31 years of devoted service to our great Nation is a shining example of a life to which we should all aspire and is deserving of our gratitude.
His meaningful contributions to CBP have strengthened the organization and his legacy will be the foundation for future leaders.
Troy will be missed, but we wish him well as he enters this new chapter