Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize George Moroz, the Director of External Relations and Special Assistant to the President at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, on the occasion of his retirement.
His longstanding dedication to education and the preservation of history is worthy of commendation.
George got his start in public service with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, serving as Vice President for Development from 1989-1996.
In that position, he was in charge of all fundraising activity and government relations for the organization.
Armed with that experience, he then took up his position at The Henry Ford, where he has been a driving force in the growth and evolution of the museum over the last three decades.
George's passion for enriching the lives of Michiganders is exemplified by his 27 years of dedication to The Henry Ford and the broader museum community.
Throughout his career George worked tirelessly to advocate for the importance of museums such as The Henry Ford and worked with museum advocates on local, state, and national levels.
His years of advocacy resulted in the longstanding partnership between the Michigan Museum Association and the Tourism Industry Coalition of Michigan, strengthening the relationship between these critical cultural markers.
George worked tirelessly for 16 years with federal and state partners to bring the John Dingell Transit Station to its current location adjacent to The Henry Ford campus, creating opportunities for visitors from all over the country to access this national treasure.
George further played a pivotal role in the restoration and creation of key community sites such as the Greenfield Village, Rouge Oxbow, and Central Farmer's Market Vegetable Shed that will provide enjoyment for generations to come.
Recognizing a greater need for community engagement, 
Mr. Moroz created and oversaw the Diversity and Inclusion Centered Equity (DICE) initiative, laying the groundwork for Henry Ford's DEAI programming that continues today.
These programs have worked to ensure Henry Ford serves as an inclusive cultural hub and carry on George's beliefs in collaboration and community building.