Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
170

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 16, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 21

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To receive a closed briefing on the Joint Interagency

Task Force 401.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community

Development

To hold hearings to examine innovation in U.S. housing,

focusing on solutions and policies for America's

future.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 1070, to establish a

National STEM Week to promote American innovation and

enhance STEM education pathways for all students,

including those in rural, urban, and underserved

communities, S. 2126, to reauthorize the Integrated

Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S.

2245, to amend the Digital Coast Act to improve the

acquisition, integration, and accessibility of data of

the Digital Coast program and to extend the program, S.

2357, to reauthorize the Young Fishermen's Development

Act, S. 2563, to direct the Secretary of Commerce, in

coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal

departments and agencies, to conduct an interagency

review of and report to Congress on ways to increase

the global competitiveness of the United States in

attracting foreign direct investment, S. 2666, to

direct the Federal Communications Commission to

establish a taskforce on unlawful robocalls, S. 2975,

to amend title 49, United States Code, to enhance the

safety of pipeline transportation, S. 2503, to require

all aircraft to be equipped with Automatic Dependent

Surveillance-Broadcast In, to improve aviation safety,

and the nominations of Joyce Meyer, of Virginia, to be

Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Harry Kumar,

of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the

Department of Commerce, and Seval Oz, of California, to

be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation.