MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 21

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To receive a closed briefing on the Joint Interagency

Task Force 401.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community

Development

To hold hearings to examine innovation in U.S. housing,

focusing on solutions and policies for America's

future.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 1070, to establish a

National STEM Week to promote American innovation and

enhance STEM education pathways for all students,

including those in rural, urban, and underserved

communities, S. 2126, to reauthorize the Integrated

Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S.

2245, to amend the Digital Coast Act to improve the

acquisition, integration, and accessibility of data of

the Digital Coast program and to extend the program, S.

2357, to reauthorize the Young Fishermen's Development

Act, S. 2563, to direct the Secretary of Commerce, in

coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal

departments and agencies, to conduct an interagency

review of and report to Congress on ways to increase

the global competitiveness of the United States in

attracting foreign direct investment, S. 2666, to

direct the Federal Communications Commission to

establish a taskforce on unlawful robocalls, S. 2975,

to amend title 49, United States Code, to enhance the

safety of pipeline transportation, S. 2503, to require

all aircraft to be equipped with Automatic Dependent

Surveillance-Broadcast In, to improve aviation safety,

and the nominations of Joyce Meyer, of Virginia, to be

Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Harry Kumar,

of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the

Department of Commerce, and Seval Oz, of California, to

be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation.
OCTOBER 22

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 2960, to develop economic

tools to deter aggression by the People's Republic of

China against Taiwan, S. 2130, to make improvements to

the AUKUS partnership, S. 2424, to require a report of,

and a strategy to combat, arms sales of the Government

of the People's Republic of China, S. 1744, to amend

the Arms Export Control Act to include Taiwan among the

list of recipient countries with respect to which

shorter certification and reporting periods apply and

to expedite licensing for allies transferring military

equipment to Taiwan, S. 2626, to strengthen the

leadership role of the United States at the Inter-

American Development Bank, S. 2146, to require the

United States Executive Director at the International

Monetary Fund to advocate for increased transparency

with respect to exchange rate policies of the People's

Republic of China, S. 2950, to require the Secretary of

State and relevant executive branch agencies to address

international scam compounds defrauding people in the

United States, to hold significant transnational

criminal organizations accountable, S. 2550, to provide

for international cooperation to secure critical

mineral supply chains, S. 1854, to require the

imposition of sanctions with respect to political and

economic elites in Haiti, S. 2657, to impose sanctions

relating to the support of the People's Republic of

China for the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian

Federation, S. 2018, to modify certain limitations and

exclusions regarding defense articles and requirements

regarding security assistance and sales with respect to

the Republic of Cyprus, S. 799, to establish and

implement a multi-year Legal Gold and Mining

Partnership Strategy to reduce the negative

environmental and social impacts of illicit gold mining

in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2684, to support

countries in Latin America and the Caribbean that

maintain official diplomatic relations with Taiwan, to

counter efforts by the People's Republic of China to

coerce or pressure governments into breaking such ties,

to deepen coordination with Taiwan on diplomatic,

development, and economic engagement in the Western

Hemisphere, S. 2224, to amend the Taiwan Allies

International Protection and Enhancement Initiative

(TAIPEI) Act of 2019 to provide that the United States,

in its role as a member of any international

organizations, should oppose any attempts by the

People's Republic of China to resolve Taiwan's status

by distorting the decisions, language, policies, or

procedures of any such organization, S. 2918, to amend

the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for

Ukrainians Act to improve the implementation of the

seizure of Russian sovereign assets for the benefit of

Ukraine, S. 1000, to establish an Ambassador-at-Large

for Arctic Affairs, S. Res.