The actions that we take to lift children out of poverty say an awful lot about our values.
In Scotland, we have lifted 90,000 children out of poverty, with measures such as the game-changing Scottish child payment.
Here in London, we have a Westminster Government, supported by the Labour party, wedded to a two-child policy that pushes 250,000 children into poverty.
What does the Minister think it says about Westminster’s values on child poverty that they are wedded to a two-child policy with a rape clause?
Adults in workless households are seven times more likely to be in poverty than those in working households.
That is why our focus is on work.
The Scotland Act 2016 gave the Scottish Parliament the powers that have been invoked, including on the child payment, and that is very pleasing for us.
The Act transferred those powers for carers and disability benefits, worth £3.3 billion.
The hon.
Gentleman and his Government can make the decisions that suit their communities.
That is the right approach.
What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
More than 8 million pensioner households will receive a £300 payment this winter to top up their winter fuel allowance payment.
The 1.4 million pensioners currently in receipt of pension credit may also receive cost of living payments totalling up to £900 in 2023-24.
In Southport we have a significant number of pensioners who, having lost their partners, now face the added challenge of managing increased living costs alone.
Can the Minister kindly elaborate on what specific initiatives or support mechanisms are in place to assist people in those financially difficult circumstances, to ensure that they get the support they deserve?
Anyone who suffers a bereavement at any time will potentially be in severe financial difficulties.
I direct my hon.
Friend to the funeral expenses payment, which is part of the social fund.
I would also point to the wider measures that we have taken, such as applying the triple lock—there will be an 8.5% increase in the state pension next year.
We will also include cost of living payments in the winter fuel payment, of £500 or £600, depending on the age of the recipient.
Despite the welcome fall in inflation, my constituent Deborah Garrard speaks for herself and many pensioners who are concerned about a second winter of high fuel prices.
Will my hon.
Friend outline what further measures the Department is considering to help reduce pensioners’ financial burden?
I know that Mrs Garrard will not be the only older resident in the country concerned about energy prices this winter.
I just mentioned the increased cost of living payment that we are adding to the winter fuel payment.
In addition, we have increased the warm home discount to up to £150, and there is a whole suite of cold weather payments that can be made in the event of seven days of sustained cold weather.
We have a wide range of measures to help support people when faced with cold weather and high energy costs.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that people are financially incentivised to work.
Universal credit is specifically designed to make work pay, with strong financial incentives such as the 55% earnings taper and work allowances.
Working families can also get support with up to 85% of their childcare costs.
The maximum amounts have been increased by 47%, up to £950 for one child and £1,630 for two or more children.
Additionally, the rise in the national living wage from April means that some 2.7 million workers will be £1,800 better off, on average, as well as benefiting from national insurance cuts.