The Secretary of State said this afternoon that the joint development phase will launch in 2025.
His press statement on the treaty signing said this combat aircraft is “due to take to the skies in 2035”.
Keeping the programme on time, as well as in budget, will be critical, so by what date does he expect the design to be locked down, the national work shares to be settled, the manufacturing agreements to be in place, and the first flight trials to begin?
Signing the treaty is the easy part.
Britain and its allies must now do the hard work to get this new-generation fighter aircraft in the air and on time.
May I start by warmly welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman’s welcoming of this treaty signing and the overall programme?
As I say, Members on both  sides of the House agree that the defence of the realm comes first.
In an ever more dangerous world, it is important to have the facilities that a sixth-generation fighter aircraft would bring.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned that the HQ is coming to London, but I want to put it on record that it is coming to the UK.
We have not decided a location for it yet.
I think there are 20-plus potential locations, so I would not want to assume that it will be based in London.
We are not as London-centric on everything as he may be.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about examples of working internationally previously.
It is worth pointing out that the Typhoon was Italian, British, German and Spanish, and it has been a very successful programme.
We are used to working with partners, including Italy, which is involved in this programme.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about article 50 export issues.
I think his question is born out of a specific concern about German export licences, which we believe are resolvable.
Time will tell.
On a wider basis, we recognise that such an aircraft can only be truly successful if the market is greater than the UK, Italy and Japan.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the broader equipment plans, and he mentioned the £16.9 billion programme.
There are a number of caveats.
Of course, we have seen huge inflation, but at the other end we have also seen a big expansion of the amount of money that is going into our 10-year equipment programme.
That number, which was a snapshot in time, was taken before the refresh and takes into account programmes that will and will not happen, so it is not quite as black and white as he presented.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about cost sharing on the programme.
That is part of what the process of discussions both on the treaty and on the new GIGO organisation will ascertain.
That is because the industrial capacity and capability of each of the three countries is important, as is the intellectual property that will be brought forward.
That is part of what that organisation is currently establishing.
It cannot be prejudged simply because we are likely to have greater industrial capacity in certain areas relative to other countries.
The amount of project ownership will therefore fall on these factors: how much money goes in, the intellectual property and the industrial capacity.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAG—red, amber, green—ratings.
If I remember rightly—I will correct the record if I am wrong—one of the reasons for the red rating was about laying a treaty for the project.
That is one of the reasons why we are laying the treaty for the project, and we will carry on systematically working through any other factors that could be slowing up the programme or causing the rating to be lower.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the timing for the treaty.
I am pleased that there seems to be strong cross-party consensus on this.
As he will know, passing such treaties in this House is not a particularly complex matter—the treaty will be laid before the House, and it will be a question for the business managers.
In other countries—in Italy and particularly in the Diet in Japan—there is a rather more complicated process, so the time limiter is likely to be more on their side than on ours.
They will be looking to lay the treaty at their end in the spring, and that is more likely to be the issue.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the timings overall.
It is a compressed timetable, with a specific requirement for it to be in service for 2035, which comes from the Japanese side because of its aircraft replacement programme.
Japan pressed the target, which we are fully signed up to, and there are a large number of milestones along the way, including a UK demonstrator aircraft, which will be very much sooner.
I hope that that information is helpful.
I am happy to write to him with any further detail and to take further questions.
In welcoming this project for a long-term future aircraft, may I ask the Secretary of State whether he agrees that the threat picture that will face it will in large measure depend on the outcome of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia?
Can he say anything to the House about the efforts that he and fellow NATO members are making to ensure that Ukraine has some current aircraft with which to defend itself, so as to improve the prospects that will face us when this future aircraft comes into being?