(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs what steps he is taking to support Jimmy Lai during his trial and if he will call for his immediate and unconditional release.
The Foreign Secretary has called on the Hong Kong authorities to end their prosecution of Jimmy Lai and release him.
He also urged the Chinese authorities to repeal the national security law and end the prosecution of all individuals charged under it.
The Foreign Secretary and I welcomed the opportunity to meet Mr Lai’s son, Sebastien, again last week and to listen to his concerns as the trial approached.
As the Foreign Secretary has made clear, Mr Lai’s prosecution is politically motivated.
He has faced multiple charges to discredit and silence him.
As an outspoken journalist and publisher, he has been targeted in a clear attempt to stop the peaceful exercise of his rights to freedom of expression and association.
The Foreign Secretary raised Mr Lai’s prosecution with Foreign Minister Wang Yi on  5 December , as his predecessor did in Beijing on  30 August .
We will continue to press for Mr Lai’s release with the Hong Kong and Chinese authorities.
Diplomats from our consulate general attended court today as a visible sign of the UK’s support, and they will continue to do so.
We will continue to press for consular access to Mr Lai, which the Hong Kong prison authorities have repeatedly refused.
China considers anyone of Chinese heritage born in China to be a Chinese national.
It does not recognise other nationalities and therefore considers Mr Lai to be exclusively Chinese.
More broadly, we have made it clear that the national security law has damaged Hong Kong and its way of life.
Rights and freedoms have been significantly eroded and arrests under the law have silenced opposition voices.
It is a clear breach of the Sino-British joint declaration, the legally binding UN-registered treaty that China willingly entered into.
Its continued existence and use is a demonstration of China breaking its international commitments.
We will continue to stand up for the people of Hong Kong, to call out violations of their rights and freedoms, and to hold China to its international obligations.