The great working city of Gloucester has a high employment rate, but we still have some people who could help to fill vacancies in both city and county.
So the Gloucester opportunities fair on  23 February  provides a great opportunity not just for all my constituents, including to get free advice on debt, volunteering and benefits, but perhaps for the new Employment Minister, whom I welcome to her place, to come to join us in celebrating the availability in Gloucester and the support for those working there.
If my diary allows, I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend.
My constituents Susan and David Cfas have made representations to me about the situation facing them and many other pensioners who are having to access benefits and other Government support because they are stuck in an annuity trap, whereby at retirement they posted an annuity, which has remained fixed.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss the plight of pensioners in that situation to see whether more can be done to encourage them to access different approaches to increase their income?
That is certainly one reason why we are trying to get people to engage in a more considered way with what they do at the point of the decumulation of their pension funds, but I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his specific concerns about annuities in due course.
The Trussell Trust has recently reported that in the past year there has been an 80% increase in the number of children   in Stretford and Urmston being supported with food parcels.
Can the Minister tell me why it believes that is the case?
The record speaks for itself: this Government have been behind £104 billion-worth of support for the most vulnerable over the period 2022 to 2025; poverty in absolute terms, after housing, has fallen by 1.7 million since 2009-10, when the hon.
Gentleman’s party was last in office; we have 400,000 fewer children and 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolutely poverty—under the last Labour Government, we had the fourth highest level of pensioner poverty in Europe; and we have put the national living wage up by 9.8% and cut taxes as well.
May I add my warm welcome to my near neighbour, the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend the Member for Mid Sussex, as the new disabilities Minister?
Does she acknowledge that one feature of covid has been a big increase in the incidence of mental health issues, particularly among younger people?
What is her Department doing to tailor its programmes to get those non-working parts of the population who have not been working since covid and are suffering from mental health challenges back into the workforce?