Jimmy Lai is and has always been a full British citizen and he has never held a Chinese passport, and therefore he should have been publicly recognised by the Government some time ago.
However, I welcome the change in rhetoric by the Foreign Secretary, who said today that “Jimmy Lai is a British citizen” and called on the Chinese Government to release him.
I am pleased that there seems to have been a shift in policy.
Notwithstanding that, I and hon.
Friends have raised the issue of his citizenship with the Foreign Office to no avail, until now.
At the heart of the issue lies the Sino-British agreement.
I recall that at the time of its signing, the ambassador in Beijing, Percy Cradock, said of China’s leaders that they may be “thuggish dictators” but that they were “men of their word” and could be “trusted to do what they promise”.
How history always shows us wrong.
We cannot trust thuggish dictators, and they have trashed the Sino-British agreement without so much as a by-your-leave.
Instead, we now have political persecution, destruction of press freedoms, forced confessions and the targeting of foreign nationals as a matter of course.
The national security law is the key, because it has been stripping away their rights, and particularly those of Jimmy Lai, who faces a lifetime in prison.
A new axis of totalitarian states has formed, including China, North Korea, Russia, Iran and Syria.
We must be on our toes and realise that their target is democracy itself.
Given that, will the Government reconsider their words in the integrated review and reinstate the idea that China is a systemic threat, not just to us but to the very values that we seek?
I must tell the Government that an individual already known to me and some others is being used in the persecution of Jimmy Lai.
We know that he has been tortured to give evidence, so, clearly, his evidence cannot be relied on.
In the light of that, will the Government give a commitment today that if and when UK or other citizens are targeted through the evidence at Jimmy Lai’s trial, concrete actions will be taken to protect them, and that we will do so by working with our allies, including the US, Japan, and others in Europe?
This is a very serious issue and it may yet erupt.
Will the Government now sanction John Lee and others responsible for Hong Kong’s national security law?
After all, the US has sanctioned 10 people and we have sanctioned none.
Are the UK Government considering how to allow Hong Kong asylum applications to switch to British National (Overseas) applications to save all the heartache?
As we approach Christmas, Mr Speaker, this brave and devoted Christian will— Order.
I am sorry, but the right hon.
Gentleman is way, way over time.
I am sure that other hon.
Members will bring in the other points.
I think we all agree with my right hon.
Friend that the breaching of the Sino-British joint declaration is a great tragedy.
As the Foreign Secretary set out, the national security law, which we are calling on the Hong Kong authorities to repeal, is breaching so many of those values that we understood that China was willing to maintain with Hong Kong after 1997.
My right hon.
Friend mentions the integrated review refresh, in which the Prime Minister set out very clearly our perspective, which is that we consider China to be an epoch-defining challenge.
It then sets out in great detail a number of areas of concern around China and economic coercive activity.
We continue to work closely with the G7 and other partners around the world to tackle that and to work together to try to persuade China to reverse some of those policies.
Importantly—I say this a lot at the Dispatch Box as the sanctions Minister—I listen very closely, as do all of us here and our officials in the Foreign Office, on all  issues related to potential future sanctions.
We continue to look at those under the global human rights sanctions regulations in this arena, but we do not speculate about future sanctions designations, because of course that could reduce their impact.