Skills are clearly key to supporting the long-term unemployed to find work.
Buckinghamshire Council is launching a series of skills bootcamps, targeted at the long-term unemployed.
For example, one bootcamp will provide construction skills, including a construction skills certification scheme card, plus support to reach self-employment and wraparound support on how to set up a company.
Will my hon.
Friend congratulate Buckinghamshire Council on that initiative, and say what more she can do to ensure that those who need to upgrade their skills base are able to do so?
I am delighted to congratulate not only Buckinghamshire Council but my hon.
Friend on the fantastic work he does in his constituency.
Upskilling jobseekers, particularly in areas such as construction where we need more domestic workers, is vital.
The Department for Work and Pensions continues to support individuals into employment through back to work programmes such as the restart scheme, which provides tailored training programmes and sector-based work academy programmes similar to those mentioned by my hon.
Friend.
It offers training, work placements, and guaranteed job interviews, and I am committed to exploring what more can be done.
Earlier today I met Everyone’s Environment, and we talked about how we can ensure that people with disabilities benefit from some of the new green jobs and training that are coming on board.
I know that the Minister’s predecessor as Minister for employment sat on the green jobs delivery group, so will she say what involvement she has had with that group to date?
I have already had a meeting of the inter-ministerial group on green jobs, and I have met many of those from across the disability sector.
When I was a Minister in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, I sat on the inter-ministerial groups for green jobs and for disability access.
It is vital that we use everybody’s talents, because work is a force for good.
Someone’s disability should not stop their talent shining, and I will not let it do so.
Here’s somebody who will shine.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Many of the long-term unemployed have disabilities.
Some of them cannot work, but some wish to work, and they need flexible hours because they do not know the times and days that they will not be able to work and will be off.
What can be done to help those who have disabilities get into work, so long as their health can dictate when?
We have a whole suite in the back to work plan and the investment of £2.5 billion so that we can work with individual people to tailor plans for them.
It is vital that if, for example, someone’s health condition restricts when they can travel on public transport, we work with them to ensure that they can travel after rush hour.
They might need a taxi or some other tailored support.
That can be done, and it will be done.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the employment rate forecast in the Office for Budget Responsibility’s economic and fiscal outlook published in November 2023.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the employment rate forecast in the Office for Budget Responsibility’s economic and fiscal outlook published in November 2023.
The Government are committed to increasing employment.
Payroll employment is at a near record high of 30.2 million, which is up 1.2 million on the pre-pandemic level.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that our back to work plan will see 30,000 more people in work over the forecast period.
The OBR revealed at the time of the autumn statement that after more than 13 years of this Conservative Government, 600,000 more people will be on health and disability benefits by 2028-29.
Far from it being a back to work Budget, the Secretary of State knows that that is not anything like the truth and that the Tories are failing the employment market in this country.
I cannot agree with that.
In fact, I point the hon.
Gentleman to the figure of 371,000, which is the number of people fewer the OBR forecasts will be on those very long-term sickness and disability benefits because of the reforms that this Government are bringing in.
Last week, the Office for National Statistics published figures showing that 6.6% of people of working age in Bradford are claiming out-of-work benefits, which is the highest rate in the Leeds city region.
Does the Secretary of State believe that the Government’s back to work plan is working for people in my constituency of Bradford South?
The back to work plan has billions of pounds-worth of investment behind it, including the £3.5 billion announced by the Chancellor in the spring Budget.
Such things as extending restart, bringing forward mandatory placements after 18 months to ensure that people get into work and doubling universal support are important measures that will see increased numbers in work.