What steps his Department is taking to encourage people who are economically inactive owing to long-term sickness and disability to return to work.
The Government have a range of initiatives to help disabled people and people with health conditions to start, stay in and succeed in work.
We built on that in the autumn statement by expanding universal support, launching WorkWell pilots, reforming the fit note and establishing an expert group on occupational health.
Does the Minister agree that the Disability Confident jobs fair that I am hosting in Holyhead with my brilliant Anglesey DWP team is an opportunity for excellent local businesses such as Hafan y Môr and Llechwedd Meats, and organisations such as Môn Communities Forward and the Menter Môn enterprise hub, to help people with disabilities back into work, and will she lobby the Secretary of State to visit Ynys Môn in February to open the disability jobs fair?
I do not want to commit the Secretary of State, but I have a feeling that he will be in Ynys Môn in February.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the huge amount of work that she does in respect of local jobcentres, and for her work with those employers.
I met her just last week to discuss her focus on young people.
Her Local Jobs for Local People campaign is a great example of her tireless work for the future of the community in Ynys Môn—so, iechyd da!
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I begin by welcoming my new team to the Front Bench?
Joining the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , and Lord Younger in the other place are the new Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) , and the Under-Secretary of State for Work  and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) .
I know that they will make a great contribution to the Department.
Let me also thank those who have departed, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  and my hon.
Friends the Members for Corby (Tom Pursglove) and for Hexham (Guy Opperman), who have important other duties in Government.
This has been a year of considerable achievement for my Department.
We have already heard about the cost of living payments, the support for the most vulnerable, the 6.7% increase in working-age benefits, the 8.5% increase in respect of the triple lock for pensioners, welfare reform, near-record levels of payroll employment and almost historically low levels of unemployment, and rising real wages.