First, I would just like to take a minute to thank Basildon jobcentre, and indeed all jobcentres, for the work they do, from Chorley to the west country and back to the east.
Targeted recruitment fairs are a great way to work with specific sectors that have shortages, including health and social care, construction, manufacturing, and hospitality.
My hon.
Friend is right that getting more people into work is a top priority for the Department and across Government.
We know that it is good for wellbeing, both personally and financially, and those in work are on average £6,000 better off a year.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential implications for his policies of UNICEF’s report entitled “Child Poverty in the Midst of Wealth”.
The overall number of children in absolute poverty after housing costs remained stable between 2020-21 and 2021-22.
The latest statistics show that in 2021-22 there were 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty, after housing costs, than in 2009-10.
The Government continue to provide comprehensive support to help people find, progress in and thrive in work, recognising that that has to be sustainable in tackling poverty.
A couple of weeks ago, when I asked the Prime Minister why 34% of children in Stockton North live in poverty, he claimed that child poverty was down.
But even if we rely on his and his Government’s unique measuring tool, child poverty is still up, considerably, across every part of the north-east under his watch.
According to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, 1 million British children have suffered destitution in the past year.
When will the Prime Minister and his Ministers stop pretending that they care and make way for a Labour Government who will sort out the mess that shames the Tories?
The Government are determined to ensure that all children, wherever they come from, have the best start in life.
We are committed to supporting families and helping them into work.
The full uprating, this year and last, is the signal.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of people experiencing destitution.
The Government are, of course, fully committed to protecting the most vulnerable, which is why we rolled out £104 billion in cost of living payments across the period from 2022 to 2025.
It is why, as the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , has repeatedly stressed, we increased the rates for the LHA housing support, and why benefits increased by the full 6.7%.
It is absolutely heartbreaking that in the world’s sixth-richest country we now have 4 million people living in destitution.
We know that disabled people are more likely to live in poverty, yet this winter disabled people will not be getting any additional help with the cost of living after the separate disability cost of living payment was quietly dropped.
The cost of living for disabled people is still going up, so will the Secretary of State commit to reinstating the payment, and at a level that meets the extra living costs faced by disabled people?
I am not sure precisely which disability payment the hon.
Gentleman is referring to, but certainly the cost of living disability payment has been paid this year, in addition to the increase in the national living wage, tax cuts and national insurance tax cuts, all of which help people, particularly those on low pay.
That is why, under this Government, the level of absolutely poverty has fallen by 1.7 million since 2010, with 400,000 fewer children in poverty.
Whether he has made an assessment of the role of flexible working arrangements in supporting people to take up employment.
Flexible working can play an important role in supporting people to start, stay in and succeed in work, and for businesses to grow.
I have already seen at first hand examples of good employers offering tailored roles or changed hours to support workers, particularly parents, who have caring responsibilities.
Flexibility has made a difference and drives success for all.
As the Minister mentioned, the hospital industry—especially in coastal constituencies such as mine—is suffering disproportionately from high vacancy levels exacerbated by covid and the shift in working patterns.
What more can the Government do to encourage smarter working and job sharing?
For example, students and younger people could work some of the later and weekend hours—the less social hours—sharing with parents with family responsibilities, who could work more regular hours during the daytime.
The UK hospitality industry does a fantastic job, particularly at this time of the year when it is helping us to enjoy the festive season.
I am providing help and collaboration by delivering pilot schemes across the industry.
In particular, we are developing a more standardised approach to training, which includes a proposal to award a hospitality skills passport.
We need to do all we can with workers to build confidence and the right skills.
I am interested by my hon.
Friend’s idea of helping employers to refocus where the needs are, and I shall be happy to work with him, because hospitality offers a great career and transferable skills.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Pensions Regulator on the adequacy of the administration of defined-benefit pension schemes.
I am fortunate in having already been able to meet representatives of the Pensions Regulator twice since my appointment to discuss the full gamut of their responsibilities.
Members of the BP pension scheme, a defined-benefit scheme, have seen the value of their pensions fall by 11% in real terms as a consequence of their senior management’s refusal to upgrade them in  line with the cost of living, although the pension fund itself has a £5 billion surplus.
Does the Minister agree that if the rules allow companies such as BP to deal from the bottom of the deck when it comes to their own pensioners, these are rules that need to be changed?
That is certainly something I need to look into.
When people raise the issue of specific pension schemes, I am always conscious of just how many thousands of scheme members are potentially watching, so I do not wish to speak off the cuff and raise hopes that I may not be able to fulfil.
However, I shall be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss the circumstances in greater detail and see what can be done.