Many people took the decision to pay for pension top-ups in 2020 and 2021, but in numerous instances this has not led to any increase in their state pension; nor have they received any explanation or a refund.
Has the Department made an assessment of the average delay in people receiving their pension top-ups?
The advice to anyone seeking to top up their pension or buy extra national insurance credits would be to ring the Future Pension Centre in advance of making any payments, to determine whether they would actually enhance their pension by making them.
It is always best for people to check before they make those payments, to make sure that they will improve their pension.
Ministers are rightly putting a great deal of money and focus behind back to work programmes across the country.
What progress have they made towards transparently publishing the outcomes so that we can see which programmes perform better or worse in different parts of the country and why?
The DWP regularly publishes statistics on its employment programmes, and the latest statistical release of the restart programme was published on  7 December .
The back to work plan announced further measures to tackle long-term unemployment, such as mandatory placements for those who complete restart without securing a job.
The policy detail, including the reporting, is yet to be worked through.
It is vital that local authorities such as Gateshead and voluntary community organisations know as soon as possible whether the household support fund will be extended beyond March.
Can the Secretary of State confirm when they will finally get a definitive answer on this?
As the hon.
Lady will know, these are matters for the Treasury, and specifically for the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
He and I have conversations on these matters and others.
Announcements will be made in due course, but of course the household support fund will be in place until the end of March.
At this time of year, the Department gives benefit recipients a generous Christmas gift of £10, which has not been increased for, I think, 51 years.
Will the Secretary of State look to make it at least £20 next year, to help people a bit more with the extra costs at Christmas?
As pensions Minister, my main focus is on making sure that we have a high-quality, sustainable pension system that, year on year, keeps the value of the overall state pension as high as possible and that meets our manifesto commitment to the triple lock.
That is the best way of focusing on the value of the state pension.
Twenty months ago, the Equality and Human Rights Commission issued a section 23 agreement request to the Department, following concerns regarding breaches and potential discrimination against disabled people.
Why has the Department still not reached an agreement?
As the hon.
Lady will know, there are ongoing discussions on these matters.
By virtue of the legislation that underpins those interactions, the discussions are necessarily held in private.
I am informed that they have resulted in positive engagement, and that the Department and the EHRC will come forward with a response as soon as possible.
The world’s biggest Lidl warehouse, in Houghton Regis, is not only half a kilometre long and can deliver 9,400 pallets a day; it is also creating 1,500 jobs.
What specific help can Jobcentre Plus give to employers such as Lidl, which has a huge number of vacancies to fill in my constituency?
It is fantastic to hear of the job opportunities created by Lidl in South West Bedfordshire.
I know my hon.
Friend will be working hard with Lidl and his local jobcentre to make sure the vacancies are filled with local talent.
Jobcentres can work closely with large employers, as I have recently seen at Morrisons, which has a specific neurodiversity pilot to bring people into the job market.
The barriers that restrict neurodiverse people are often challenges around confidence and so on.
Jobcentres are a brilliant force for good, and I recommend that everybody engages with them on bespoke schemes for neurodiversity or any other focus on tackling long-term unemployment.
Order.
I hate to say it, but I have a lot of people to get in.
In 2010 there were 117,000 16 to 24-year-olds on long-term sickness and health benefits.
That figure now stands at a massive 235,000.
Why is that, and what are the Government doing about those appalling figures?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
There has been a marked increase in the prevalence of mental health conditions, particularly among those aged 16 to 24, which is why we are bringing in measures such as universal support and talking therapies within the national health service, for which 400,000 additional places were announced by the Chancellor at the autumn statement.
We have introduced measures such as WorkWell, and others, to address exactly these issues.
I have patiently sat through questions, and I have not heard Disability Confident mentioned once.
Disability Confident  was, and I hope still is, a very successful scheme that I launched when I was a Minister—I went around the country with Simon Weston.
Can I have confidence that the scheme is still in place?
My right hon.
Friend will be delighted to know it is at the heart of the work that the Employment Minister spoke about today.
It is at the heart of our disability action plan, which Members will hear more about in the new year.
I advise all employers to focus on being disability confident and employing with confidence, rather than just writing about it on a website.
After the UK Government appallingly downgraded the dedicated role of disabilities Minister, Scope’s executive director, James Taylor, wrote to the Prime Minister saying that “the UK’s 16 million disabled people deserve so much better than this treatment.”
It is a clear message that the UK Government do not view disabled people as a priority.
Will this Government urgently reverse their decision and reinstate the role?
That is a complete misunderstanding; the hon.
Lady refers to reinstating the role, but all the responsibilities of the previous disability Minister have been taken over by the current one, the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , who happens to be the most experienced Minister in my Department.
She is extraordinarily capable; she absolutely understands the issues and will do a fantastic job.
I warmly welcome the new disabilities Minister, as I know she shares my passion for closing the autism employment gap.
Will she work with me, as we reach the closing stages of my independent review of autism and employment, to make sure that the publication of the report will be the beginning of a process whereby we can dramatically tackle the scandal of having fewer than three in 10 autistic adults in employment?