The Minister will be aware, I hope, that Timothy Owen KC, who is part of Jimmy Lai’s defence team, is currently in Hong Kong but, because of the failure to give him a visa to deal with Jimmy Lai’s case, is not able to appear for Jimmy Lai.
Will she make representations to the local authorities as a matter of urgency saying that surely the right to appoint counsel of one’s own choosing is a fundamental in any fair legal system, and that we would expect that opportunity to be given to Mr Lai?
The interpretation by China’s Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the national security law at the end of last year stated that the Chief Executive would have to certify whether an act or issue involved national security, including the question of overseas lawyers’ participation; otherwise, its statement was that the Chief Executive-led National Security Committee should make the decision.
So, attempts to challenge that have sadly failed and the High Court has noted that Hong Kong courts have no jurisdiction over it, but we have called on the Chief Executive to respect those rights and freedoms in Hong Kong and to uphold the rule of law as we all understand it.
How many times must a totalitarian communist state behave like a totalitarian communist state before the Government will recognise it as a totalitarian communist state?
I do not quite know how to follow such an articulately put question.
My right hon.
Friend highlights one of the many challenges for those of us who believe in, uphold and want to allow other countries around the world to uphold those values and freedoms—freedom of speech, freedom of choice and freedom of association—and we will continue to work with allies and partners to highlight and to sanction, where we can and where we have the tools to do so, those who continue to breach those freedoms.
I pay tribute to Jimmy Lai’s UK-based legal team.
However, they have been subject to incredible levels of cyber harassment and other forms of harassment and interference while working on his legal case.
What is the Minister doing with other Departments to ensure that lawyers and journalists involved in promoting and advocating for freedom and democracy around the world are protected from such unacceptable levels of transnational repression?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: there have been shocking attempts to dissuade, make fearful and stop Jimmy Lai’s legal teams here in the UK getting on with their job of defending his case and raising the issues that we have set out today.
We work closely with the Home Office, as do his lawyers, to support it and other parts of Government to provide those teams with the technical support that they need.
We will continue to do that.
It is perhaps a question to pick up and discuss in more detail with the Minister for Security, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) .
I can ask him whether he will discuss it with the hon.
Lady, should she so wish.
Ten days ago, on  8 December , Jimmy had his 76th birthday—it is not rude to say that he is not a young man.
This House  could send a message to the rest of the world through an early-day motion.
An early-day motion was tabled on  13 December  by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , and more Members need to sign it.
I will not give the honour to people outside this Chamber who decry early-day motions—although, in fact, there are not that many of them.
If we want to send a message, there is a methodology, although it is not the only one.
I know that lots of colleagues do not like signing early-day motions, but on this occasion, perhaps they should.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The tools that we have at our disposal here in the mother of Parliaments, which allow for freedom of speech and expression, are incredibly important.
As a Minister who spends a lot of her time on the other side of the world in countries large and small, I am very conscious that the messaging from this Parliament is heard loud and clear in every other country.
We perhaps forget just how important our voice is in standing up for the values that we believe in.
Mr Lai’s detention is a shocking symbol of the erosion not just of human rights but of freedom of expression in Hong Kong.
Given everything that we are seeing unfolding, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we are supportive of what remains of a free press in Hong Kong?
Jimmy Lai has been an extraordinary champion of free speech, which he chose to continue, despite the changing landscape in Hong Kong.
We continue to support people across the piece, many of whom have come to the UK for sanctuary, to be able to be able to speak out and use our freedom of press to share their concerns and highlight the abuses they are seeing.
I join the calls for Jimmy Lai’s release.
He is a devout Catholic, and his faith motivates his courageous campaigning for democracy in Hong Kong.
After the sustained dismantling in Hong Kong of freedoms of expression, of association, of the press, of judicial independence and others, does the Minister share my concerns that the threats to freedom of religion or belief in Hong Kong are now very real?
If she does not, will she please read “Sell Out My Soul: The Impending Threats to Freedom of Religion or Belief in Hong Kong”, the new report by Hong Kong Watch?
My hon.
Friend continues in her role to be an extraordinary champion for freedom of religion or belief, and I absolutely agree with her.
We continue, of course, to monitor freedom of religion or belief in Hong Kong through our regular six-monthly reports to Parliament and through interactions with local faith leaders.
The latest report, published on  19 September , noted that: “Religious practice is generally not restricted,” with a variety of “religious practices coexisting across the territory.”
She is absolutely right: the strength that Jimmy Lai seeks and finds through his faith is extraordinary and it will help him in this very difficult time.
I congratulate  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on securing the urgent question.
Jimmy Lai has many supporters in the UK, including Brits and those from Hong Kong, but many of them have experienced intimidation and harassment here in the UK from the Chinese Communist party.
Those from Hong Kong face certain persecution, arrest and detention if they are forced to return.
Twelve activists have recently been told by the UK Government that they are not at risk and have had their asylum claims rejected.
Can the Minister explain UK Government policy on whether Hong Kong campaigners should qualify for asylum in the UK?
As I set out earlier, we brought forward the British nationals overseas route for Hong Kong residents to come to the UK.
So far, approximately 191,000 applications have been processed, and 184,700 have been granted.
The point the hon.
Gentleman mentions is one that I am aware the Home Office is looking into.
There has been a change in relation to age in the processing, and there is an issue there that I know it is looking at now.
I will ask the Home Office to update him once it has finished its review.
A regime such as this has to be judged not on its words, but on its deeds.
In its systematic demolition of the rule of law and now of the independence of the legal profession itself, which was such a lively part of an economically successful and prosperous Hong Kong, China is demonstrating its real intentions.
What more can the Government do not only to take direct action by way of sanction against the individuals concerned, but to make the strong point that the Basic Law is not an historical document, but a living instrument, and that we expect it to be adhered to?
My right hon.
and learned Friend highlights an issue with which he is very familiar—he practises the law—and, indeed, he is absolutely right.
The judiciary, the legal profession and those who are servants of it assure the safety and the right outcome of cases, and we will continue to challenge the Hong Kong authorities on the failures of the national security law and call for it to be repealed.
The rule of law and how it is upheld across the world are absolutely essential to our global security and peace, and Mr Lai’s case shows how fragile they are, so what more can the Government do to reassert the importance of our all abiding by the rule of law?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right, and much of the work that our diplomatic teams across the world do is in countries where the rule of law is not necessarily adhered to, but where there are abuses, human rights violations and so on.
We continue to highlight and challenge those, working alongside international partners to persuade those leaderships to change their ways, and to understand both the merits of a well-delivered legal system and the value that adds to the credibility of the political leadership of their nations.
It is something we do week in, week out.
Sadly, there are  many countries across the world where these challenges continue, but it is right at the heart of the diplomatic service’s work.
The use of international lawyers has been a long-standing practice in Hong Kong, and we have failed Mr Lai.
Will the Minister advise exactly what steps will be taken, and when, to secure or attempt to secure international legal representation of the British citizen Mr Lai?
As I set out in answer to an earlier question, Jimmy Lai obviously wanted to have his own choice of legal representation.
He has a fantastic team of lawyers here in the UK supporting him.
The challenge for those representing him at the trial is one that we continue to highlight, as I set out earlier.
The frustration in the way this system works means that he does not have the international lawyer of his choosing with him.
However, we will continue to highlight those failings and, as so many colleagues have highlighted, what we consider the right use of the legal system and such independent representation should be.
Every reasonable democrat will be happy to support the plea of  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on behalf of Mr Lai.
However, there is a whiff of hypocrisy in the air.
In 2021, former ambassador Craig Murray was imprisoned on the fabricated conceit of jigsaw identification, and Julian Assange has been held in Belmarsh prison   for 1,300 or more days.
Will the Government lead by example and desist from harassing journalist Craig Murray and others, and free Julian Assange now?
rose— Order.
I am not quite sure that that meets what we were expecting, so I call Jim Shannon.
While I am thankful that the Foreign Secretary publicly acknowledged the case of Jimmy Lai at the United Nations in February 2023, and reportedly raised the case with Chinese officials during his visit to Beijing, the fact is that a British citizen remains behind bars.
May I gently remind right hon.
and hon.
Members of early-day motion 213, to which they might want to add their names, and ask that the Foreign Secretary, with the voice of the entire British Government, including our Prime Minister and this House, calls for the immediate and unconditional release of Jimmy Lai, who has spent 1,000 days behind bars?
Will the Minister do that today, and follow it through tomorrow with the appropriate channels?
The hon.
Gentleman is the most incredible champion for so many whose lives, and whose families’ lives, continue to be blighted by challenges to freedom of religion or belief.
He is always willing to stand up for them.
As a Minister, I do not think I am allowed to sign EDMs, but should you wish to change that rule, Mr Speaker, I would be extremely happy to sign this one.
I think that all Members of the House who are able to sign it should do so.
I cannot sign EDMs either—even the girl guiding one—but I am sure that other Members will wish to do so.
Let us move on.