Thank you, Mr Speaker, and on behalf of the whole shadow Home Affairs team may I place on record our sincere condolences on the loss of your father?
Following the horrific killing of Kulsuma Akter in Bradford, who was tragically stabbed to death in broad daylight while pushing her three-year-old son in a pram, West Yorkshire and Greater Manchester police have referred themselves for investigation because of prior contact with Kulsuma and her husband, who has since been arrested for her murder.
Cases of multiple contact with the police before violent escalation are all too common.
Labour will mandate domestic abuse and wider violence against women and girls training for every police officer in the country and we will introduce Raneem’s law to overhaul the policing response when reports are first made.
So I ask the Minister, how many more women will have to die before the Government can do the same?
The hon.
Lady is right to mention the case of Kulsuma Akter.
What happened to her was appalling.
I obviously cannot comment on any specifics  in relation to the case, but the hon.
Lady will know that the bail conditions that the perpetrator had been released under contained restrictions that were breached themselves.
So it was not a case of the court refusing to apply conditions; he breached them.
In relation to her wider point, of course every single one of these cases is a tragedy.
She will know, because we have worked on a cross-party basis in the past, how much time and attention we dedicate to this at the Home Office, but I simply say this.
We now have domestic abuse training that has been rolled out to over 80% of forces and the Home Secretary and I are working very closely with the nine outstanding ones.
They are on a timetable for delivery—I want to reassure the hon.
Lady of that—and we now, this month, have trained rape specialists in every single police force in England and Wales.
What recent assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the level of the security threat from China.