I have notified the office of  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, that I would reference her in my question.
It was recently revealed that she told a private fundraising event: “The Foreign Office has received official legal advice that Israel has broken international humanitarian law, but the Government has not announced it.”
I have a simple question for the Prime Minister.
If he cannot answer it—if he dodges and deflects—our constituents will know that he is hiding the truth.
Was the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee telling the truth—yes or no?
I am happy to address that clearly.
We have one of the most robust arms export licensing control regimes in the entire world.
We have previously assessed that Israel is committed and capable of complying with international humanitarian law.
But, as the hon.
Member would expect, we regularly review our assessment.
As the Foreign Secretary confirmed last week, the UK position on export licences is unchanged and, following the latest assessment, is in line with our legal advice.
We will keep that position under review and act in accordance with advice.
I also point out to the hon.
Member that most like-minded countries have not suspended their existing arms export licences to Israel.
I, too, welcome the Prime Minister’s leadership in this area.
In addition to the thanks given to the RAF, which undertook exemplary action this weekend, will he also thank those US service personnel based here in the United Kingdom, including many in my West Suffolk constituency, who were prepared to act as a moment’s notice to defend Israel against this attack, which has been roundly condemned?
I am happy to join my right hon.
Friend in paying tribute not just to our colleagues in America but to our partners across the region, who participated in a joint international effort.
That was all in support of Israel’s own actions; its armed forces also deserve enormous praise for the success with which they repelled this awful attack.
Mr Speaker, may I pass my condolences to you and your family for the sad loss of your father, Doug?
We live in deeply unsettling times, and the Prime Minister, along with our allies, is right to call for a de-escalation.
When he has his discussions with Prime Minister Netanyahu this afternoon, will he convey to him that now is the time to step back?
There must be no further escalation in the middle east.
Now is the time to recognise that both Israelis and Palestinians must live in peace, and for that we need the two-state solution.
In 2014, when we had an outbreak of violence in Gaza, the then Prime Minister David Cameron unequivocally called for a ceasefire.
We must today put an end to the conflict and the killing in that region for the benefit of both these countries.
Finally if I may say so, I welcome the Prime Minister’s comments on the situation in Ukraine, but we are all aware of the reports of a build-up of Russian activity.
I say to the Prime Minister that we must do more today with our allies to protect our friends, and give them the tools they need to defend themselves and to ensure that Russia is defeated.
I am happy to say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we remain steadfast in our support for Ukraine.
We will not allow Putin to achieve his aim of eradicating freedom and democracy in that country.
We have announced significant support—it was the first trip I made at the beginning of this year—and have encouraged allies to do the same.
We are committed to supporting Ukraine for as long as it takes, for Ukraine not only to win the war but to emerge as a strong sovereign and free country.
My thoughts and condolences are with your family, Mr Speaker.