Under successive Conservative Governments since 2010, returns of failed asylum seekers have collapsed by 44%, and returns of foreign national offenders have fallen by almost 30% over the same period.
For all the Government’s tough talk, only 2% of those arriving on small boats since 2018 have been returned anywhere, yet Ministers are still resisting Labour’s plan for a new returns and enforcement unit to ensure the swift removal of those with no right to be here.
Meanwhile, over the weekend, more people crossed the channel in small boats than will be covered in the entire first year of the Government’s failing Rwanda scheme.
Will the Minister stop the headline-chasing gimmicks and instead commit to setting out his plan for the 99% of people currently stuck in the asylum system who will never be sent to Rwanda?
The fact of the matter is that nearly 18,000 foreign national offenders were returned between January 2019 and December 2023.
The fact of the matter is that Opposition Members, including the leader of the Labour party, have campaigned to prevent the deportation of foreign criminals, while Government Members welcome an increase of 74%, with an average of 500 people being removed every single week.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
I am happy to remind the House that last year we reached record numbers of police officers—in excess of 149,000, which was over 3,000 more than at the previous peak under the last Labour Government.
In terms of local policing, we achieved 67,785 as of March last year.
Under this Government, 10,000 neighbourhood police officers have disappeared since 2015 and have yet to be replaced on the frontline.
Given the Government’s proclivity for lifting Labour’s policies, may I gently encourage the Minister to adopt Labour’s plan to recruit 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers, allowing for a named, contactable officer in every ward in the country?
The hon.
Member is using figures that went up to 2019.
Of course, the reason he is using figures that are five years out of date is that the numbers have gone up since then.
If we take neighbourhood policing as a whole, we see an increase of 6,000, from 61,083 in 2015—the year he mentioned—to 67,785.
I am surprised that he is not joining me in welcoming that.
Antisocial behaviour has been a big problem in Holyhead.
Almost £700,000 of UK Government safer streets funding has been used for CCTV, improved lighting, self-defence training for local women and girls, delivering crime prevention packs and outreach work.
Will the Minister join me in thanking Chief Inspector Robert Rands, PC Lisa Thomas and many others who work so hard to improve the lives of people who live and work in Holyhead?
I certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking those officers as well as countless thousands of others around the country who do such good work.
On ASB, in addition to the safer streets money that she mentioned, from the beginning of this month we have an extra £66 million of funding for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrolling.
Every single one of England and Wales’s police forces will get that, and that will make an enormous difference in combating the scourge of ASB.
Does the Minister agree that getting extra officers out in our communities should be top of the list for any police and crime commissioner?
Unfortunately, in Durham, we see that the Labour PCC is more interested in increasing her back-office staff and overseeing a decline in standards, with the latest police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy report showing two areas requiring improvement for the first time ever  in Durham.
Does he agree that the sooner we get an ex-beat cop in place, such as the Conservative candidate, Rob Potts, the sooner Durham will return to being an outstanding police force?
I completely agree.
Spending money on things such as flowerbeds and diversity staff instead of frontline police officers is the wrong priority.
Former frontline officers such as Rob Potts, running for PCC in Durham, will do a good job of getting priorities straight.
Kulsuma Akter from Oldham was murdered by her estranged husband on a busy Bradford street in the middle of the day, in front of their baby son.
Research has repeatedly shown that regular foot patrols—especially in crime hotspots—lead to reduced offending and increased public confidence, particularly if combined with community-based prevention.
Greater Manchester police and West Yorkshire police want to learn lessons from this tragic murder.
What lessons has the Home Secretary learned about reducing neighbourhood policing and the prevalence of such appalling crimes?
That is a tragic case, and we will study any findings by the Independent Office for Police Conduct very carefully.
The hon.
Lady mentioned hotspot patrolling; I mentioned in a previous answer that the Government are providing £66 million this financial year on top of the regular police funding settlement to fund hotspot patrolling, which may help in such situations.
To repeat a previous point, local policing numbers have gone up by about 6,500 since 2015.
Selectively quoting figures that are five years old does nothing to help public debate.
Halesowen police station is under threat of closure thanks to decisions taken by the Labour west midlands police and crime commissioner.
Tom Byrne, the Conservative candidate for PCC, says that he will stop that closure programme.
Does the Minister agree with me and Tom Byrne that keeping Halesowen police station open is critical for community confidence and for the effectiveness of neighbourhood policing?
I agree very strongly.
The Labour PCC’s police station closure plans in the west midlands are shocking.
This year, West Midlands police is getting an extra £50 million—a 6.8% increase and well above the rate of inflation.
Tom Byrne would do an excellent job of making sure that that maintains frontline services, which is exactly how that money should be spent.
Northumbria police force has lost 11,000 officers and £148 million from its budget since 2010.
Even after the uplift it will remain 427 officers short compared with 2010 levels.
Will the Minister support the call from Northumbria’s PCC Kim McGuinness for further investigation into police resources as, clearly, not all areas of the country have benefited equally from the uplift programme?
I am pleased to tell the House that for this financial year, which started just a couple of weeks ago, Northumbria force’s funding has gone up by £28 million —a 7.6% increase and more than double the rate of inflation.
The resources are there, but using those resources  wisely is a matter for police and crime commissioners.
Conservative police and crime commissioners tend to spend those resources most wisely.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle violence against shop workers.
Violence and abuse towards shop workers is not and will never be acceptable.
Last October the police published a retail crime action plan, which the Government have embraced and enhanced.
Last week we launched the fighting retail crime action plan, which includes a commitment to create a new offence of assaulting a retail worker, as the sector has been calling for.
Last week I met a shopkeeper in Hounslow who has been repeatedly targeted by shoplifters.
The family who own the shop cannot afford security guards or to lose a large amount of stock, unlike the big chains.
It is welcome that the Government have finally backed Labour’s 10-year campaign, along with the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and other campaigners, to introduce a stand-alone offence of assault against a shop worker, but will the Minister go further and scrap the unfair £200 minimum, which leaves offenders getting away with impunity?
Shoplifting is still a criminal offence, irrespective of the financial value of what is taken.
We have made a clear commitment to ensuring that shopkeepers are protected and that the retail environment is safe.
That is why we have put in place funding to put more police officers on the street and why, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp)  just mentioned, neighbourhood policing numbers are up.
We have committed the police to pursuing all reasonable lines of inquiry, and I am proud that we have put in place a specific criminal offence of assault against a retail worker.
For our high streets to thrive, people need to perceive them as safe places to be, but there is real concern that the Mayor of London is failing to get the Met to take retail crime seriously enough.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need a new Mayor for London, Susan Hall, to ensure we have more effective policing on our high streets?
Quite frankly, the Mayor of London has been a massive disappointment when it comes to the policing of London.
The Met is the only police force in the country to see its police numbers reduce.
It has failed to meet its recruitment targets.
Quite frankly, Londoners deserve better.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on retail crime, I welcome the announcements, as I am sure will shop workers everywhere.
When will the announcements  be operationalised, and what is the monitoring process, so that we can all judge whether they are not just words but action?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
We are putting the changes through as amendments to the Criminal Justice Bill.
The sooner it makes its passage through the House, the quicker we can put these specific changes in place, but we are not waiting for that.
We have had conversations with police forces to ensure there is visible policing on our high streets and that they respond to every reasonable line of inquiry, sending a signal to retailers and potential criminals that we take this issue incredibly seriously, and that the police will respond to this important type of crime.
I realise the Home Secretary may be sick of hearing from me about assaults on retail workers, but I welcome the huge and comprehensive package announced last week to support them.
Will my right hon.
Friend implement the measures as quickly as possible to benefit retail workers across Stockton South and the rest of the country?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has campaigned vigorously on this issue and met me on a number of occasions to go through the specifics of the proposals, working closely with the Secretary of State for Justice, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , to ensure that both the policing response and the criminal response send a very clear deterrent to those who may be tempted to assault retail workers.
It is not acceptable and we will take action.