Gaza Families Reunited’s petition for a Palestinian family visa scheme has garnered 100,000 signatures, and I hope it will soon be debated in Parliament.
Gazans are stuck in a cruel and irrational Catch-22 situation: they cannot cross the border to Egypt because they do not have visas, as they cannot get their biometrics registered, but they cannot get their biometrics registered because they cannot get to a visa application centre in Egypt.
The Government have the power to waive the requirement for biometrics to be registered, and it is in the Minister’s hands to do so.
Why won’t he?
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that the security of the system is imperative.
We must act in accordance with the requirements, which we put front and centre.
I will not comment on ongoing litigation, but I can say that we will continue to work with Foreign Office colleagues in the way that we have described.
Elements of the peace process are at play in relation to these issues, but we will keep our response to this crisis under review as matters develop.
What progress he has made on reducing the number of asylum seekers accommodated in hotels.
What progress his Department has made on closing asylum hotels.
The Home Office has been clear that the use of hotels is a temporary and short-term measure to ensure that we meet our statutory obligation to accommodate destitute asylum seekers.
We have made significant progress in closing over 100 asylum hotels as of the end of March.
Our actions mean that there are over 20,000 fewer asylum seekers in hotels today compared with six months ago.
Does the Minister’s ambition extend to closing all the hotels?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Government’s ambition is to close the hotels.
We closed 100 by the end of March, and we are working towards closing 150 by May.
Fundamentally, the objective is to alter the way in which people are accommodated and to introduce more cost-effective and appropriate approaches, but also to reduce the flow of people coming into this country illegally, which is the very best way of alleviating the pressures.