I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is significant that other regional partners helped to prevent a much worse attack over the weekend.
It reminds us how important the attempts are to normalise relations between Israel and its neighbours.
It holds out precious hope for the region.
It is exactly that hope that Iran and its proxies are trying to snuff out, and we should work hard to combat that.
My condolences to you and your family, Mr Speaker.
Prime Minister, I condemn Iran and Hamas—let me start there—but we must not lose focus on the situation in Gaza, where there is a humanitarian crisis and famine.
It is just destruction that people are seeing in front of their eyes.
If we want to ensure that the hostages come home—like the hostage who has been adopted in Brent, Noa Argamani—we must argue for a ceasefire, not a pause.
Will the Prime Minister clearly state that we should be calling for an immediate ceasefire on all sides?
It is wrong to suggest in any way that we have lost sight of what is happening in Gaza.
Indeed, the G7 statement yesterday specifically referenced our desire to co-operate to end the crisis in Gaza, to work towards an immediate humanitarian pause where hostages can be released, to get aid in, to build the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire and, crucially, to deliver more humanitarian assistance into the region.
It is welcome that we have seen an increase in that flow over the past few days and weeks, but far more aid has to get in, and that is pressure that we will continue to put on all partners concerned.
My condolences, Mr Speaker.
Can I commend my right hon.
Friend’s statement?
It is clear, as has been said already, that all roads lead back to Tehran when it comes to the terrible violence and wars that take place in the middle east.
Every country—not just Israel, but other Arab countries—fear what Tehran is doing in their countries as well, which is something we forget.
We know that Iran is committing murder at home and has executed thousands of protesters while this war on Hamas has taken place.
With all of that known, when my right hon.
Friend sits down with our international colleagues and looks for other restrictions to place on Iran, will he please consider proscribing the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and doing so in a way that makes sure it can no longer foment extremism here in the United Kingdom as well?