The murder of Gracie Spinks in Chesterfield sent shockwaves through the town, and the report on Derbyshire police’s handling of this desperately unhappy situation was salutary.
There is still far too much inconsistency in how stalking and violence against women are handled, so will the Home Secretary back Labour’s plan to bring in mandatory national standards, and mandatory training on tackling violence against women, so that we see consistency in policing on stalking right across the country?
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman and the House that, under my leadership, the Home Office and policing across the UK will maintain its focus on preventing violence against women and girls.
We have a roll-out of police guidance and training when it comes to women and girls.
I will listen carefully to the proposals he has put forward, because we want to make sure that women and girls feel safe in this country.
This Government champion fantastic animal welfare standards.
My constituents would like to see alternatives to animal testing wherever possible, and would be keen to hear a vital update from the Department.
Given that interest is about to switch in this House to a different matter, I will be brief.
I promise to write to my hon.
Friend on this, but she should know that this Government have already doubled spending on finding alternatives to animal testing.
We will continue to make sure that the inspection regime is as strict as possible, to make sure that when animals need to be used, the conditions are as humane as possible.
Will the Home Secretary tell us what level of auditing there will be of the hundreds of millions of pounds being sent to Rwanda?
In particular, will he guarantee that no UK taxpayers’ cash will, either directly or indirectly, be used to fund the M23 militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
All our overseas expenditure, whether it is through official development assistance or through contractual relationships, such as the ones with Rwanda, is always robustly policed to ensure that it is spent exclusively on the issues that it is designed to address.
We have a strong, good working relationship with the Government of Rwanda, who are absolutely committed to being the exporter of solutions to global problems, rather than the exporter of problems.
The people of Romford are angry that they are not getting the police cover from the Mayor of London that we pay for.
We are seeing a crime wave across Romford, including in Gidea Park, and we have seen a stabbing in the town  centre.
We have had enough.
Will the Minister please ensure reform, so that Essex towns such as Romford get the service that Roger Hirst gives to the people of the historic county?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to draw attention to the contrast between the excellent work done by Roger Hirst in Essex and the appalling job being done by Sadiq Khan in London.
Sadiq Khan is the only one of the 43 police and crime commissioners to have missed his recruitment target and, tragically, police officer numbers are falling in London, in contrast to the rest of the country.
Londoners will have a chance to cast their vote on  2 May , and I hope that they kick him out.
My constituent Maysara is a British citizen, and his parents live in Gaza.
His parents successfully applied for  visas to visit him in the autumn last year, but they were unable to travel after 7 October, and their visas expired.
I contacted the Home Office on Maysara’s behalf to ask if those visas could be extended, but I was told that his parents would have to make new applications.
However, there are no functioning visa application centres in Gaza, so will the Minister explain what exactly my constituent’s parents should do?
I am more than happy to look at the details of the case.
The hon.
Gentleman has to understand that the circumstances on the ground changed dramatically after Hamas’ brutal mass murder rampage on  7 October , and our security posture in the region has had to be enhanced.
I am not making any implications about his constituent’s family, but he and the House will understand that we must be careful in everything we do when it comes to accepting people who are leaving Gaza in these circumstances.
Mr Speaker, before I start, I would like to express my deepest sympathy, and I am sure that of the whole House, on the death of your father.
He was a true giant of not just this House, but the other place, too.
I also want to express my solidarity with our Australian friends after the horrific and senseless attacks in Sydney in recent days.
Our thoughts are with all those affected.
On Saturday evening, Iran sought to plunge the middle east into a new crisis.
It launched a barrage of missiles and attack drones over Iraq and Jordan, and towards Israel.
The scale of the attack, and the fact that it was targeted directly at Israel, are without precedent.
It was a reckless and dangerous escalation.
If it had succeeded, the fallout for regional security and the toll on Israeli citizens would have been catastrophic, but it did not succeed.
In support of Israel’s own defensive action, the United Kingdom joined a US-led international effort, along with France and partners in the region, that intercepted almost all of the missiles, saving lives in Israel and its neighbours.
We sent additional RAF Typhoons to the region as part of our existing operations against Daesh in Iraq and Syria, and I can confirm that our forces destroyed a number of Iranian drones.
We also provided important intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance support for our partners.
Our pilots put themselves in harm’s way to protect the innocent and preserve peace and stability.
I spoke to the RAF earlier today; they are the best of the best, and I know that the whole House will join me in expressing our gratitude.
With this attack, Iran has once again shown its true colours.
It is intent on sowing chaos in its own backyard—on further destabilising the middle east.
Our aim is to support stability and security because that is right for the region, and because although the middle east is thousands of miles away, it has a direct effect on our security and prosperity at home, so we are working urgently with our allies to de-escalate the situation and prevent further bloodshed.
We want to see calmer heads prevail, and we are directing all our diplomatic efforts to that end.
Yesterday I spoke to my fellow G7 leaders.
We are united in our condemnation of this attack.
We discussed further potential diplomatic measures, which we will be working together to co-ordinate in the coming days.
I will also shortly speak to Prime Minister Netanyahu to express our solidarity with Israel in the face of this attack, and to discuss how we can prevent further escalation.
All sides must show restraint.
Our actions reflect our wider strategy in the middle east, which I have set out in the House previously.
I believe there are three vital steps to put the region on to a better path.
First, we must uphold regional security against hostile actors, including in the Red sea, and we must ensure Israel’s security.
That is non-negotiable and a fundamental condition for peace in the region.
In the face of the threats that we saw this weekend, Israel has our full support.
Secondly, we must invest more deeply in the two-state solution.
That is what we have been doing over the past six months, including working closely with the Palestinian  Authority, so that when the time comes, they can provide more effective governance for Gaza and the west bank.
It is significant that other regional partners actually helped to prevent a much worse attack over the weekend.
It reminds us how important the attempts to normalise relations between Israel and its neighbours really are, and they hold out precious hope for the region.
Thirdly, the conflict in Gaza must end.
Hamas, who are backed by Iran, started this war.
They wanted not just to kill and murder, but to destabilise the whole region.
This weekend, they rejected the latest hostage deal, which offered a road to a ceasefire.
It is Israel’s right, and indeed its duty, to defeat the threat from Hamas terrorists and defend its security.
I want to be clear: nothing that has happened over the past 48 hours affects our position on Gaza.
The appalling toll on civilians continues to grow—the hunger, the desperation and the loss of life on an awful scale.
The whole country wants to see an end to the bloodshed, and to see more humanitarian support going in.
The recent increase in aid flows is positive, but it is still not enough.
We need to see new crossings open for longer to get in vital supplies.
I want to take this opportunity, Mr Speaker, to pay tribute to the three British aid workers who were killed in Gaza: John Chapman, James Kirby and James Henderson.
They were heroes.
The children of Gaza whom they were risking their lives to feed need a humanitarian pause immediately, leading to a long-term sustainable ceasefire.
That is the fastest way to get hostages out and aid in, and to stop the fighting.
Israelis and Palestinians alike deserve to live in peace, dignity and security, and so do people across the entire region.
In conclusion, Saturday’s attack was the act not of a people, but of a despotic regime, and it is emblematic of the dangers that we face today.
The links between such regimes are growing.
Tel Aviv was not the only target of Iranian drones on Saturday; Putin was also launching them at Kyiv and Kharkiv.
And who was the sole voice speaking up for Iran yesterday, seeking to justify its actions?
Russia.
The threats to stability are growing, not just in the middle east but everywhere, and we are meeting those threats, time after time, with British forces at the forefront.
It is why our pilots were in action this weekend.
It is why they have been policing the skies above Iraq and Syria for a decade.
It is why our sailors are defending freedom of navigation in the Red sea against the reckless attacks of the Iran-backed Houthi militia.
It is why our soldiers are on the ground in Kosovo, Estonia, Poland and elsewhere, and it is why we have led the way in backing Ukraine, and we will continue to back it for as long as it takes.
When adversaries such as Russia or Iran threaten peace and prosperity, we will always stand in their way, ready to defend our values and our interests, shoulder to shoulder with our friends and our allies.
I commend this statement to the House.