My right hon.
Friend will recognise that value for money is a critical consideration that informs hotel closure decisions, as are operational deliverability and the notice periods on contracts.
It is also about recognising the needs in particular locations and the challenges that these sites present.
We have a plan, we are closing hotels, and we will continue to deliver on precisely what we promised.
For almost two years, the Sandpiper Hotel in Chesterfield has been used as a hotel for asylum seekers.
The North Derbyshire Refugee Support Group has told me that not a single person who has stayed there has been asked to go back to their country.
In fact, the vast majority of them have had their applications approved, which undermines the Government’s suggestion that all these asylum seekers are not entitled to be here.
Actually, the Government approve the vast majority of applications, so their approach is a waste of money.
Why do the Government continue to fail in this way?
For the Minister to celebrate the extraordinary usage of hotels just because it is diminishing slightly is hopeless.
When will we get the Sandpiper back in public use?
I thought it was interesting that a Labour insider said to The Times last week: “We need a viable answer to what we’d do differently other than just ‘smash the gangs’” and that “we can’t currently say how we are going to tackle the demand side of the issue.”
They are absolutely right.
I suspect we will be waiting a very long time for the answer.
That goes right to the heart of the point that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
He says that we ought to be closing the hotels, but it is only this Government that have a credible plan to do just that.
Mr Speaker, may I pass on the condolences of myself and my party on the death of your father?
We know you loved your father, and we know that your father loved you.
When it comes to reducing the number of asylum seekers, I want to suggest one option to the Minister that we could certainly do in Strangford.
For those people who are in hotels, there are companies in my constituency that wish to employ them and to give them accommodation at the same time.
If we want to help the asylum seekers in the hotels in my constituency, and in the consistency adjoining mine, then let them get the jobs and let them get the accommodation.
While I am always very willing to engage with the hon.
Gentleman, he will appreciate that the difficulty that we have in respect of that approach is the pull factor that it would present—it would potentially encourage people to make dangerous journeys via small boats to get to the UK.
We do not want to do anything that plays into the business model of the evil criminal gangs responsible for that miserable trade.
What we  want to do is put them out of business.
On the wider accommodation point, I am very happy to engage with the hon.
Gentleman.
In 2016, Middlesbrough had the highest ratio of asylum seekers per head of population of anywhere in England.
I welcome the closure of hotels, but I worry about reports in today’s Daily Mail that the Home Office is buying up large amounts of property in some of the poorer areas of England, which risks taking us back to the situation we saw in 2016.
Will the Minister reassure me that that is not the case, because my constituents are clear that that places an unacceptable strain on the community, and indeed an unhappy strain on community cohesion?
My right hon.
Friend is a strong supporter of the work the Government are doing to get a better grip on the flow of people coming across to our country, who inevitably need accommodating while they are here.
We have a mixture of accommodation to meet those needs, and getting the numbers down is critical to be able to reduce that dependence.
I am able to say, however, that we are not actively pursuing procurement in the three local authorities cited in the article that my right hon.
Friend references—and that includes Middlesbrough.
My sincere condolences, Mr Speaker.
The Government promised some considerable time ago that a hotel used in my constituency would no longer be used to house those seeking asylum.
That is not the case; it has almost become de facto permanent.
Could the Minister speak to me—not necessarily on the Floor of the House, but separately—and give me an assurance that there will be a managed closure of that facility?
What I cannot do on the Floor of the House is make commitments about specific hotels, but I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss this.
What he could do to help me with this particular challenge is to get behind the work that the Government are doing to reduce the flow of people coming to the UK, which fundamentally and crucially would help us to be able to close hotels such as the one in his constituency.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We have increased the volume of asylum cases processed.
We successfully met a ministerial commitment to close over 50 asylum-seeker hotels by January 2024, and we had closed over 100 by the end of March.
Last year, I brought forward measures to make legal migration fairer and to radically reduce the numbers; 300,000 people who came to the UK last year would not now be eligible to do so.
Anyone who wants to bring a family from abroad must be able comfortably to support them financially.
In the Budget, the Government put forward £75 million to roll out violence reduction units and hotspot policing across England and Wales, and £230 million for technology that will save the police time and money and make sure that police officers are on the frontline doing the job that they were recruited to do.
May I add my condolences, Mr Speaker?
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that police numbers in Essex are at record levels and that overall crime is down.
However, there has been a rise in vehicle thefts.
Will he therefore welcome the efforts of our excellent police, fire and crime commissioner, Roger Hirst, in establishing a stolen vehicle intelligence unit that has so far recovered £14 million-worth of vehicles?
Will he look at what further support can be given to Roger Hirst to tackle this crime?
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fantastic work of Roger Hirst and the stolen vehicle intelligence unit.
A number of large-scale seizures have been made against attempted vehicle exports.
The Government have reduced vehicle-related crime by 39% since 2010, and we seek to go further through the Criminal Justice Bill.
We want to see more innovative approaches like the one taken by Roger Hirst, which is why I am very proud to campaign alongside him.
He has done fantastic work to protect the people of Essex.