I echo the Prime Minister in passing on our thoughts not only to you, Mr Speaker, but to the families of the aid workers who have been killed in Gaza.
I condemn the acts of violence by the Iranian regime.
They are no more than a cynical attempt to exploit the suffering, pain and turmoil being experienced by people in Palestine right now.
While we rightly condemn the violent acts of Iran, so too must we condemn the violent acts of Israel.
From listening to the interviews that he has been giving, the Foreign Secretary is correct in his attempt to uphold the principle of proportionality, but if firing 100 missiles in retaliation for an isolated attack on an embassy is—correctly—considered disproportionate, so too must be Israel’s 192-day bombardment of Gaza.
We know that the agenda in Tehran is to bring about as much instability as possible.
We all have a responsibility to ensure that that does not happen.
There is not going to be a military solution to the conflict in the middle east.
There must be a political and diplomatic solution, so what is required now is the same as what was required six months ago: we need de-escalation, and for the causes of conflict in the region to be reviewed.
The biggest continuing cause of conflict is the siege of Gaza; hence the need for a ceasefire.
Can the Prime Minister outline what he is doing to ensure that the ceasefire mandated by the UN Security Council becomes a reality?
First, it is important not to try to draw any equivalence between Israel’s absolute right—indeed, duty—to provide security for its citizens in the face of an appalling terrorist atrocity and what happened over the weekend.
Those things are not remotely the same.
More broadly, though, as I have said repeatedly from this Dispatch Box, we urge Israel to abide by international humanitarian law.
We have been very clear that too many civilians have been killed, and we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population in Gaza; our diplomatic efforts are geared towards alleviating that suffering.
I will continue to raise those points with Prime Minister Netanyahu when I speak to him, but, as I have said, drawing an equivalence between those two things is absolutely not the right thing to do.