Mr Speaker, may I add my personal condolences to you on the loss of your father?
I say to my right hon.
Friend that we had the scandal of the hacking of MPs’ email accounts back in March and we subsequently learnt that the FBI informed our Government—as well as foreign Governments who had legislators who were affected—about these incidents two years ago.
Why has it taken two years for us to be told about a serious security breach?
Will he now, with his colleagues in Cabinet, make sure that China is absolutely treated and labelled as a threat, not just an “epoque-defining systemic challenge”, and everything is done urgently to put China in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
My hon.
Friend, who has given this House and our country exceptional service over many years, and who will sadly be standing down at the next election, has again made some strong points.
On the first, he knows the language that I use and he has heard the words I have said.
The reality is that we face threats from around the world, and many of them sadly are emerging out of Beijing today.
We know it, we have seen it, and many of us in this House feel it.
It is not something we are shying away from.
The reality, however, is that there are many different ways of answering it.
He has raised an important aspect on FIRS, which of course is being looked at, but he will have heard the  words of the Deputy Prime Minister in this Chamber only a few weeks ago and how clearly he made himself heard.
I am sorry, but I am not convinced by the Government’s attitude on this.
When the Deputy Prime Minister came to see us a few weeks ago, he did not say anything new; he announced things about events that happened two years ago.
The Security Minister himself knows of attempts by the Chinese Government to undermine the work of the Foreign Affairs Committee of this House.
Why are we only ever told about things that happened years ago?
If we are to take these issues seriously, we surely have to have an up-to-date and present account of the activities of the Chinese state.
The hon.
Member will well know that, when there is a reason to act quickly and draw something to the attention of the House, we do, as was the case with Christine Lee, which he will remember involved the payment of money to a certain Member of this House.
The reason we took that action was because we needed to expose it fast.