Mr Speaker, I remember the kindness that your father showed me and our long discussions on rugby league.
I add my condolences.
The Hillsborough tragedy was 35 years ago to the hour.
We remember the 97 who were lost and support the families’ campaign for a Hillsborough law.
We strongly condemn Iran’s attack on Israel this weekend, and we must do everything we can to prevent further escalation in the middle east, but there are also domestic security issues in relation to Iran.
The Iran International journalist Pouria Zeraati was attacked on the streets of London a few weeks ago following repeated Iran-related security threats on British soil, including threats to kidnap and kill.
Does the Home Secretary believe it is now time to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps in the UK?
The right hon.
Lady will know that we keep our response to Iran under constant review, and of course we have done so in the light of the attack in Wimbledon.
We do not speculate about future designations or sanctions, but she will know that the IRGC is sanctioned in its entirety and a number of its members are sanctioned as individuals.
As she knows, we will keep this under constant review.
The Home Secretary will know that we have raised this many times.
I understand the complexity of the issue.
The proscribing legislation was drawn up more than 20 years ago to address terrorist threats such as al-Qaeda, rather than state-sponsored threats that have both domestic and international security objectives.
Our bottom line must be keeping this country safe, which is why Labour has proposed new security legislation to allow the Government to put appropriately targeted  proscription-style restrictions on the operations of state-linked organisations such as the IRGC.
The Government previously resisted this, but will he look at it again in the light of recent events and work with us on any legislation that is needed to keep this country safe?
We have the National Security Act 2023 and a range of tools at our disposal.
Defence against state threats is one of the Department’s priorities, and my right hon.
Friend the Security Minister leads on its practical implementation.
I can reassure the shadow Home Secretary and the House that we constantly review the range of options at our disposal and deploy those that are most appropriate.
Protecting the UK and the people living and working here against state threats will always be a priority of this Government.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire support the excellent initiative of a number of Conservative police and crime commissioners to include filling in potholes as part of the community payback initiative for convicted offenders?
Will he apply pressure on the Ministry of Justice to get this up and running as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent idea that has my enthusiastic support.
I will do exactly as he asks straightaway.
I offer you my condolences, Mr Speaker.
The former chief inspector of borders and immigration recently produced a report stating that 275 certificates of sponsorship were granted to a company that used forged documents and purported to be a real care home.
Such Home Office failures clearly leave people at risk of exploitation and modern slavery, so what steps is the Minister taking to make the system more robust and to protect vulnerable people who come here to work in our care system?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for that question.
We responded within the eight-week deadline to that ICIBI report and accepted the recommendations made to us in it.
We are working through them, but work was already in train, particularly in collaboration with the Care Quality Commission, on better accreditation practices for care providers when we are matching people to those visas.
Outdated laws are allowing child sexual predators and offenders to enter or leave our country while in possession of illegal material on their digital devices because Border Force does not have the power to access them.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with his colleagues in the Ministry of Justice to consider the merits of  a new offence of wilful obstruction, under which an individual could be prosecuted if they fail to unlock their devices to allow them to be properly searched?