In January, the Government voted down our latest attempt to introduce a stand-alone offence tackling violence against retail workers, continuing a pattern of years of failing to address this issue while such violence reached epidemic proportions.
Last week—surprise, surprise—they U-turned and an offence is now to follow.
When will the Government follow that up by stealing the other ideas they keep denying: a restoration of neighbourhood policing, which was down between 2015 and 2023—not the response officers they have been talking about, but proper neighbourhood policing; and getting rid of the £200 limit?
Members should recognise that just because a clause might have a similar sounding name, it does not mean it is the same.
The simple truth of the matter is that the Opposition clause was deficient in many ways.
The clause that we will put forward in the Criminal Justice Bill will address the issue.
On local policing, the hon.
Lady should recognise that there has been a 6,000 uplift.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Last year, we launched the antisocial behaviour action plan, backed by £160 million-worth of  funding and over 100,000 hours of police and other uniformed patrols undertaken to target antisocial behaviour hotspots, extended to every single police force in England and Wales.
We banned nitrous oxide, increased fines for fly-tipping, littering and graffiti, and are strengthening powers to tackle antisocial behaviour through the Criminal Justice Bill that is making its way through the House.
One of the aspects of antisocial behaviour that really annoys my constituents is persistent cannabis smoking by people in their own homes, particularly, but not exclusively, in blocks of flats.
When I raise the matter with the police, they tell me that they are not going to go into people’s homes and deal with it.
I do not think that that is good enough; does the Home Secretary?
The police should take action when there is credible reporting of criminal behaviour.
I have had this conversation with police leaders from areas around the country, and it is a conversation that we will continue to have with the police.
People need not only to be safe but to feel safe, in their communities and in their homes.
My condolences to you, Mr Speaker.
Protesters who recently created an obnoxious stunt outside the home of the Leader of the Opposition belong in jail, as do the trust fund vandals who caused tens of thousands of pounds’ worth of damage outside the Ministry of Defence last week.
The truth is that frontline politicians of any political hue, and our military personnel, are prepared to put themselves forward to serve and protect this country, which is, of course, a concept that the vandals would know nothing about.
When it comes to this type of antisocial behaviour, will my right hon.
Friend consider increasing visibility at high-profile locations such as those that I have mentioned?
My right hon.
and learned Friend has raised a couple of points.
First, it is completely unacceptable to try to intimidate parliamentarians whatever their political hue, and I will stand shoulder to shoulder with them regardless of their political party in defending their right to do and say what they believe to be in the best interests of their countries and their communities without fear of intimidation.
That is an absolute red line, and it will be enforced.
Secondly, these petulant acts of vandalism in the name of protest are unacceptable.
When criminal damage occurs, it will be pursued, and in the Criminal Justice Bill we are taking specific actions to remove the veneer of a defence that criminal behaviour is somehow justified because people are not getting their way at the ballot box.
Too many residents in Nottingham South tell me that antisocial behaviour is making their lives a misery.
They never see a bobby walking the streets, and under the lawbreaking Tory police and crime commissioner, Nottinghamshire police has been placed in special measures, with His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services saying that the force is letting victims down.
My constituents tell me that they will be voting for Labour’s Gary Godden on  2 May , in order to  rebuild neighbourhood policing and adopt a zero-tolerance approach to antisocial behaviour.
They are right, are they not?
They would be very wrong if they voted Labour expecting that that would increase a policing presence.
Across the country we have seen over and over again that the best-performing police areas are typically controlled by Conservative police and crime commissioners.
I know the situation in Nottinghamshire very well, and I have spoken directly to its police and crime commissioner, who has a clear plan of action to ensure that she continues to put police officers on the frontline.
Labour-run police forces in the area have been sadly lacking in that regard.
Following an increase in antisocial behaviour in Tunstall, I was proud to work with more than 500 local residents to gain support for new CCTV, new alley gates and better street lighting through the safer streets fund.
However, when I met the Labour leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council, she told me that there would be no money for Tunstall—and, to make matters worse, she has dumped some undesirables in the Sneyd Arms hotel in the town centre, which has led to further criminal activity that is blighting high street stores throughout our community.
Does the Home Secretary agree with me that, thank God, Ben Adams, Staffordshire’s police, fire and crime commissioner, was listening and ensured that we received that safer streets funding so that those in our communities would feel safer, and that people should vote for Ben on  2 May ?
I could hardly have put it better myself.
I recently visited the wonderful town of Stoke and saw the passion of its people.
This is a classic example of local leadership in the hands of the Labour party failing people, and local leadership in the hands of Conservatives defending them.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of introducing a visa scheme for Palestinian refugees.
We are all concerned about the plight of those living in Gaza.
Currently, we are not considering establishing a separate route for Palestinians.
In any humanitarian situation, the UK must consider its resettlement approach in the round, rather than on a crisis-by-crisis basis.
It is not surprising that the upper tribunal found the decision to require biometric data for people from Gaza to be “irrational and unreasonable”, because most of us find that to apply to most decisions made by the Home Office.
Is it not also irrational and unreasonable for the United Kingdom to offer humanitarian visas to people caught up in the conflicts in Ukraine, Syria and Afghanistan, but not to offer such visas to people fleeing the conflict in Gaza?
I will not give a running commentary on ongoing litigation, but I can say that we are supporting British nationals with dependants in Gaza to get those individuals out of Gaza safely, working in collaboration  with Foreign Office colleagues.
There are also marked differences at play here.
Of course, the right of return is fundamental as part of efforts towards a two-state solution, and other factors are at play in responding to the Ukrainian situation.
The dynamic is very different, which directly affects the relationship we have with the Ukrainian Government, particularly in respect of the ability to carry out checks on individuals.