The Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner said last year that our policing and security services were technologically vulnerable because of their use of Chinese-made equipment, including CCTV, drones and body cameras.
Can the Minister say whether the digital asbestos of Chinese-made technology is still used in our policing and security infrastructure—yes or no?
My friend the hon.
Member will know well that the work of Fraser Sampson before he retired or ended his mandate last year has been fantastically important to many of us in making sure “digital asbestos” —I approve of the term—is got out of our institutions.
This is something that is ongoing.
It has got out of the most secure sites already, but there are other areas where there is work to do, because an awful lot of sites bought technology that would now be problematic.
It is not just static sites; there is potential that some electric vehicles could be easily turned into mobile intelligence-gathering platforms by hostile states, so it is about looking not simply at the past, but at the future.
What recent progress his Department has made on returning illegal migrants to their home country.
In 2023, we delivered a strong removal performance, with overall returns back to pre-covid levels.
In total, 26,000 were returned, an increase of 74%, at an average of 500 removed every week last year.
I am grateful to the Minister for his response.
Can he update the House on how his Department is prioritising the return of foreign national offenders to their home countries to keep the streets and communities of the United Kingdom safe?
May I first pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and the work that goes on in his constituency?
As he knows, I visited Gatwick recently and saw for myself the good work of the Border Force team there.
He will be pleased to know that removals of foreign national offenders were up last year by 27%.
We are committed to the removal of foreign criminals and those with no right to be in the United Kingdom.
On that point, I sadly see many asylum seekers in Newport who are stuck in limbo due to this Government’s incompetence.
However, can I draw the Minister’s attention to the case of a man in Newport who lied about his name and country of origin and is a convicted sex offender who has breached the terms of his licence?
The courts want him returned home.
He wants to return home and will even pay for his flight, but for some unfathomable reason, the Home Office seem incapable of authorising or allowing that.
It has been three years—why?
The removals increased last year.
It is interesting to note that Opposition Members, including the leader of the Labour party, have campaigned to ensure they are preventing the deportation of foreign criminals.
Those on the Government Benches are determined to see foreign criminals removed, and there was an increase in removals of 74% last year.