This Conservative Government promised 20,000 prison places by 2025, but so far they have only delivered under 6,000.
The Justice Secretary is letting violent offenders out up to two months early because, as we found out from press briefings about dire warnings to No. 10, he has literally nowhere to put them.
Instead of focusing on what happened 14 years ago under the last Labour Government, will he level with the public about the true scale of the prisons capacity crisis that is unfolding on his watch?
I have been very candid in saying that there are pressures in our prisons.
But here is the thing: first, capacity in our jails is significantly higher than it was under Labour’s watch; and secondly, we have a record of delivery and there will be 10,000 places by next year.
Here is the really important point.
There are two questions that I posed in my statement.
First, would Labour have let out up to 16,000 people during covid—yes or no?
We said no.
Secondly, would Labour have got rid of jury trials?
We did not, but the Opposition would have.
If they had made the same decisions that we did, they would have faced the same pressures.
This is opportunism, it is silly, and Britain deserves better.
Bring on the general election and I will happily answer those questions.
I am not surprised that the Secretary of State does not want to acknowledge the truth.
Probation officers have told me that they genuinely fear not being able to keep the public safe, because they are being forced to rush through the early release of violent men in order to free up space.
He will have heard the same concerns, so what is he going to do about it?
It is really important that the public are not inadvertently misled.
Early release does not apply to those on life sentences, those on imprisonment for public protection sentences, those on extended determinate sentences, any sex offenders, any terrorism offenders and any serious violent offenders.
The difference between our scheme and the Opposition’s is that, under their scheme, governors had no discretion to block the release of prisoners; under ours, they do.
That is the difference: we prioritise public safety; the Opposition prioritise politics.
My constituent Cindy went through hell when her daughter Victoria was brutally raped and attacked by a serial offender, Donald Andrews.
Victoria took her life not long after.
This monster was a regular offender before and, to add insult to injury, his whole-life sentence has been quashed and he is now applying for parole.
Police psychologists and other professionals have deemed this attacker to be a high risk to society, so will my right hon.
Friend make similar representations to the Parole Board—that this monster should never be allowed out?
Many people in this House will have heard about some appalling cases, but this case is truly one of the most shocking and upsetting that any of us will have encountered.
I of course pass on my deepest sympathy to Cindy Legg for the tragic loss of her daughter Victoria.
I can indicate that I did enter an overarching view opposing release, and I can announce that he will not be recommended for release.
I hope that will be of some comfort to the family.
In the Victims and Prisoners Bill we are introducing an additional safeguard: specifically, a power for the Lord Chancellor to order a second check on the release of the most serious offenders to keep the public safe.