The Government have decided to change the use of Cookham Wood youth offender institution to an adult prison.
That follows a lack of progress in improving young people’s access to education, and increased violence on the prison estate.
The behaviour management method of keeping young people in their cells has failed.
This decision puts a spotlight on the wider crisis in adult prisons.
When the young people are transferred, how will the Minister ensure that the practice of keeping them in their cells, and the cycle of violence, will end?
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for her question about Cookham Wood.
As she will be aware, a number of specific local factors at work in Cookham Wood led to the urgent notification, and the challenges in addressing that.
As for those young people and their transfer to other institutions, a number of them will be released before Cookham Wood closes.
Those still in custody will be assessed individually, and they and their families will be engaged with to ensure that they are placed in institutions that are best suited to their needs, and that give them the greatest opportunity to progress and make positive life choices for when they are released.
It is a shame that the Minister did not address the violence specifically.
Violence is a challenge across the youth estate, not just at Cookham Wood.
Recently, a girl with challenging behaviours and complex needs at Wetherby YOI was restrained and then stripped—not once, but twice—by male officers.
In the context of rising violence and extreme self-harm, does the Minister believe that is acceptable, and what alternative provision does he have in mind other than the Keppel unit in Wetherby YOI?
I did address the point about violence on the estate in response to the original question from  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) .
The hon.
Lady asked specifically about a case highlighted by the chief inspector of prisons in his recent report.
What happened there was clearly against policy.
It was clearly wrong and concerning, but I do  have to correct her: the individual involved was at no point strip-searched.
That was inaccurate reporting.
At all times, the modesty of the individual was protected with a blanket, so I am afraid that what was said in reporting that it was a strip search is not correct.
Clothes were removed under a blanket in order to protect life where there was imminent risk to it.
Those officers made a difficult decision in the circumstances to protect life.
It is right that we look into the specifics of what happened, as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor and I have done.
I think we just need to be a little cautious at this point about accepting everything that was reported as fact.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of violence against prison officers.
All assaults on prison staff are utterly unacceptable.
That is why we have taken steps to protect our staff.
I put on record something that I suspect those on both sides of the House share, which is our gratitude to all those who work in our prisons.
To protect staff, we have rolled out PAVA—pelargonic acid vanillylamide—spray in adult male prisons, and body-worn video cameras.
The maximum penalty for those who assault prison officers has been doubled, and we have completed our £100 million security investment programme to clamp down on the illicit items that fuel prison violence.
The rate of assaults on staff in the 12 months to September 2023 was 10% lower than in the 12 months to September 2019—before the pandemic—but it is still far too high.
I know the Minister cares about this issue and wants to see solutions for how we protect prison officers across the prison estate, but according to the Prison Officers Association and the Community union, serious offences against prison officers are up 10% on last year.
Some 750 of those assaults are deemed to be serious, and 23 attacks are being recorded every day on the prison estate across England and Wales.
There are huge concerns about overcrowding.
The level of prison officers is 10% lower than in 2010.
It is positive to hear the Secretary of State talking about opening new prisons, but if there are no prison officers to work there, how will we resolve these issues?
More worryingly, prison officers are taking to the media to say that they are frightened for their lives to work on the prison estate.
I do not think the plan is working.
I believe the Minister wants to fix it, but what is the next plan to resolve things and ensure that prison officers remain safe on our prison estate?
No one, in any walk of life, should be in fear of assault at work, and that obviously includes dedicated prison officers.
I have already highlighted the steps we are taking to tackle some of the root causes of that violence.
We have the £100 million security measures to tackle illicit drugs and mobile phones—the sorts of things that fuel the violence—and the ability to deploy PAVA spray.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly highlights the importance in this context of the number of prison officers.
That is why I am pleased that in the latest statistics published at the end of last year, numbers are up by 1,500, and retention rates are improving, too.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that victims of domestic violence are protected throughout court proceedings.
The Domestic Abuse Act 2021 was transformative with the protections it gave to domestic abuse victims through the justice system.
To give just a few examples, up-front legal aid is available to all domestic abuse victims seeking a protective order, without having to establish evidence of abuse.
Our upcoming legal aid means test review will significantly increase eligibility and exclude disputed assets, such as the marital home, from consideration.
Perpetrators are prohibited from cross-examining their victims, and victims are entitled to the support of an independent domestic violence adviser throughout the process.
My office has recently assisted with several cases regarding the use of court proceedings involving victims of domestic abuse.
In many cases, family issues are going straight to trial without any mediation, which causes far more trauma for all parties concerned.
Can the Minister assure me that we will always place the victim at the forefront of court proceedings in these circumstances?
It is specifically to address that issue that we commissioned our harms panel, which conducted excellent work, as a result of which the Ministry of Justice has conducted a pilot of pathfinder courts in Dorset and north Wales focused on preventing exactly this issue.
Those courts have focused on creating a less adversarial system where domestic abuse allegations are investigated and resolved at an early stage without being intensified through the court.
My hon.
Friend will be glad to hear that so successful has the pilot been that it will now be rolled out on a national basis, starting next month with courts in south-east Wales and in Birmingham.
In 2023, 67,938 rapes were recorded by the police, but there were just 2,008 rape convictions.
It is well documented that there is not enough support for rape victims through the court process.
The use of counselling notes has a chilling effect, and the long waits for their case to go to trial have an intense impact on survivors, often causing them to withdraw.
What will the Minister do to ensure that victims and survivors are supported throughout the court process?
It is not in dispute that rape is the most serious offence a person can experience that is not homicide.
It is as a result of the implementation of the end-to-end rape review that we started Operation Soteria through the police forces.
That has not just improved rape prosecutions; some forces are referring quadruple the volume of cases to the Crown Prosecution Service that they were once before, and overall prosecutions have more than doubled.
We have close to 1,000 independent sexual violence advisers working in the system, holding a victim’s hand from the minute they go to the police to the conclusion of the process.
I met some in Hatfield last month, who told me that victims had told them  they had only stayed in the process because of that support.
It is night and day from where it was in 2010.
We review the outcome of the rape review every quarter, and the curve is going upwards, so of course it is a crucial issue, but one on which significant improvement is being made on every single matrix.
Domestic abuse has no place in modern society or any society.
What work is happening to ensure that victims of domestic abuse are supported throughout the entire process?
We have a fantastic organisation in Watford called Watford Women’s Centre, which helps many abuse victims, but what are the Government doing to ensure that victims are supported throughout and that the perpetrators are taken to court and justice is served?