The Minister has said on numerous occasions that the UK has a robust export licensing regime.
Many Opposition Members are not satisfied with that response.
Will he finally tell us what the legal advice is on whether this country is in compliance with our obligations under international humanitarian law to ensure that those arms are not used to commit offences in Gaza?
The hon.
Gentleman really should not expect me to make a different point from the Dispatch Box having already set out the Government’s position.
That is the position of the Government, and that is what I will reiterate.
On the arms export licensing and the application of international humanitarian law, I set out the Government’s position clearly in my response to the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I have nothing further to add to that at this time.
The UN resolution has undermined efforts to secure the release of the hostages held by Hamas, with a collapse in negotiations only today.
Hamas have reiterated their hard-line positions, which were previously criticised by the United Kingdom.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the resolution will not only embolden Hamas, who hope to achieve a ceasefire without releasing the hostages, but enable them to maintain their grip on the people of Gaza?
It certainly should not do that.
If I may, I draw my hon.
Friend’s attention to the explanation of vote that was published at the same time as Britain supported the resolution yesterday.
We said: “We regret that this resolution has not condemned the terrorist attacks perpetrated by Hams on the 7th of October.
The UK condemns these attacks unequivocally.”
I hope that he will bear that in mind in reaching his conclusions about resolution 2728.
What is the Government’s response to Israel shutting off north Gaza to UNRWA, the only aid organisation with the ability to deliver aid at scale?
When will the Government reinstate funding to UNRWA to stop and alleviate the starvation of Gazans?
We have made it clear that we will look at the interim report from Catherine Colonna, and the United Nations reports.
We hope that reforms will be made in such a way that we can reinstate funding, but I should emphasise to the hon.
Lady that no funding is due from Britain until the end of April.
In respect of her point about the spread of UNRWA, it is the only organisation that has the assets in place—the warehouses, the vehicles, the logistical support—so it is essential that those logistical elements are available if aid is to be distributed effectively in Gaza.
Constituents have been in touch to tell me that they feel badly let down by the vote at the UN yesterday.
I just do not understand how the Minister and the Foreign Secretary can say that nothing has changed in policy terms when the UK has just voted for a resolution that does not  condemn the Hamas atrocity of  7 October , and de-links a ceasefire with the release of hostages.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hendon (Dr Offord)  pointed out, does that not make it less likely that the hostages will be released?
I do not agree with my right hon.
Friend.
The resolution sets out the urgent demand for the unconditional release of all hostages.
We welcome the ongoing diplomatic efforts by Egypt, Qatar and the United States to that end—she will have seen the reports in the media.
As I say, we have set out clearly in our explanation of vote our regret that the resolution did not once again condemn the terrorist attack, but she has heard us say repeatedly from the Dispatch Box that we do condemn it.
Over the past week, we have seen Israel continue to commit atrocities across Gaza, with the Al-Shifa Hospital besieged for several days.
Medical staff from inside the hospital reported gun battles, workers being beaten, patients dying on the floor, and even execution-style killings.
That is yet another example of Israel’s merciless targeting of civilians.
Will the Minister unequivocally condemn Israel for authorising and carrying out such heinous attacks, and make clear that hospitals and places of refuge must not be targeted?
The House will not recognise all of the things that the hon.
Gentleman has just said.
Let me make it absolutely clear once again: Israel does have the right of self-defence, but she must abide by international humanitarian law.
It is a testament to how polarised and contested our world has become that the custodians of international security took six months to agree UN Security Council resolution 2728, which calls for a ceasefire, the release of hostages and access for aid.
Does the deputy Foreign Secretary agree that it is concerning that vital UK aid has to be airdropped into Gaza by the Royal Air Force, effectively bypassing Israel?
Should the new port being built off Gaza to operate the new maritime corridor become a permanent operation with inspections, allowing the international community to ensure that the scale of aid required gets into Gaza?
I am grateful to the former Chair of the Defence Committee for what he says.
He is right that the best way to get aid into Gaza is by truck—by road—and that is what Britain has consistently pressed for.
We know that there were 500 trucks a day before the catastrophe of  7 October .
There has been an increase in March, but we are now looking at something like 150 a day.
We are doing everything we can to try to ensure that we get aid into Gaza in the easiest way possible, but as my right hon.
Friend said, we are also looking at all other options, including the airdrop that took place yesterday on  25 March  in which the Royal Air Force dropped 10 tonnes of food.
We anticipate that further airdrops will be necessary because of the situation he has outlined.
Can I set the record straight for Conservative Members that we on the Liberal Democrat Benches have been calling for  months for an immediate bilateral ceasefire, and that we welcome yesterday’s UN Security Council resolution?
However, the reality is that northern Gaza is on the brink of famine, with children dying of malnutrition, and tens of thousands of children are being killed or maimed by Israeli forces’ bombardment.
Does the Minister believe that Netanyahu’s Government are complying with the International Court of Justice’s provisional order, which states that Israel must ensure with immediate effect that its forces do not commit any of the acts prohibited by the genocide convention?
If he does not think that the Israeli Government are complying with that order, what is he doing about it?