Despite the response given to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) , the Government are still a long way from solving the crisis in the family courts.
We have heard of the 46-week average, but in 13 of the 42 designated family judge areas in England and Wales, the wait is double the statutory target of 26 weeks.
Then, there are the 80,000 private family law cases that can take 45 weeks to be resolved, and the number of new cases is increasing faster than disposals.
Do the Government have any concern or compassion for some of the most vulnerable children in the country who are being let down?
I invite the Minister to try again and assure the House that the crisis will not get even worse.
If there is a lever that I have not pulled, I invite the shadow Minister to let me know what it is, and I will address it.
This Government are spending more money on attracting more judges and recorders, maximising sitting days and investing in the public law outline and, on the flip side of public family law, on private family law as well as mediation.
We are investing an extra £55 million, as announced in the Budget, to address productivity and the backlogs.
Every single lever that will increase capacity and productivity is being pulled, but I am more than happy for the hon.
Member to share any insight with me, and I am sure that we can work on a better solution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog in the Crown court.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog in the Crown court.
More than 90% of all criminal cases are resolved in the magistrates court, which includes burglaries, thefts, assaults, criminal damage and drugs offences.
Thanks to magistrates’ exceptional efforts, the caseload has come down significantly from its post-pandemic peak, and cases are being heard promptly.
To help bring down the caseload in the Crown court, the Government have invested heavily to allow courts to operate at full throttle.
We have recruited around 1,000 judges and tribunal members across all jurisdictions this financial year.
We have kept open 20 nightingale courtrooms to boost capacity, and we are on track to increase spending on criminal legal aid by more than £140 million a year.
In Yorkshire, Sheffield Crown court has been forced to shut twice in the last two years due to flooding.
That is in addition to the already record-breaking court backlog across the UK of 67,000 cases.
What measures have the Government put in place to deal with unplanned court closures, to ensure that people still have access to justice?
One of the first things I did when I took on this role was to extract from the Treasury an additional £80 million to go into our court maintenance fund.
That is important because it allows us to plan not just reactively this year, but proactively over time.
That will create more efficiencies and get us more for our money, and will mean that great courts such as those in Sheffield can continue to do the business.
How does the backlog in criminal court cases vary by region?
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with local judicial teams on prioritising and communicating those backlogs?
The senior presiding judge will keep a close eye on regional discrepancies.
In certain cases, there is the power to transfer them from one court to another, but that will depend on the suitability for defendants, and witnesses and victims who need to attend hearings.
It is important that we send the message from this Chamber that more than 90% of all criminal trials—the cases that people want resolved such as criminal damage, drugs matters and common assault—are dealt with in magistrates courts, and magistrates up and down our country are doing an excellent job at getting through those cases.
I absolutely endorse the Lord Chancellor’s comments on magistrates working incredibly hard to clear backlogs in courts.
He will have seen recent journalistic reporting relating to single justice procedure, which is an important element of magistrates’ work.
The principle behind the single justice procedure is good, and I have sat on cases in SJP courts, but there are some concerns, in particular around vulnerable individuals who may have mitigation that is not necessarily being addressed.
Does he agree that perhaps he could remind Members that magistrates can already use their discretion to refer cases back to open court, where prosecutors can review cases to ensure  that individuals who are vulnerable are not served with un-justice?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and his colleagues for the exceptional work they do to ensure that justice is done.
On the single justice procedure, fairness is non-negotiable, so it is critical that every person who comes before the courts, whether via the SJP or an open court, gets that fairness.
There is an issue about transparency.
Some important points on that have been raised, and echoed by the Chair of the Justice Committee, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) .
It is something that we ought to consider recalibrating.
Everyone accepts that the SJP works well and is a useful addition.
We just need to see whether it ought to be refined in the interests of promoting transparency.
How many prisoners have been released early under the end of custody supervised licence scheme since October 2023.
End of custody supervised licence began in October 2023.
Analysis of and statistics on its use will be based on one year’s worth of data and published on an annualised basis in line with other statistics, such as deaths of offenders in the community.
We consider that to be the appropriate approach.
Earlier this month, the Chair of the Justice Committee,  the hon.
and learned Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , who is in his place, said that prisons are at “bursting point”, while the Prison Governors’ Association said that without the extension of the ECSL scheme, our criminal justice system “may have ground to a halt”.
Meanwhile, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner labelled the plans as “dangerous to domestic abuse victims”.
Is the Minister satisfied that the scheme manages the prison population while keeping the victims of crime safe?
If so, when will he release data about which prisoners have been released?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
There are a number of points there.
The ECSL is a response to, yes, acute capacity challenges, but it is a targeted scheme operating in prisons as required and where necessary.
I gently say to him that a similar scheme ran from 2007 to 2010.
In that case, it bore significant differences to what is happening now.
ECSL, as operating now, contains a range of important safeguards that were simply not in place between 2007 and 2010.
The 2007-10 scheme released some people straight into the community without any supervision and led to the early release of some prisoners convicted of terror offences.
This scheme is totally different.
It plays a role in managing the prison capacity challenges, but it has those important safeguards in place to protect victims and society.
Our prisons are full, so much so that the Government are sanctioning the early release of inmates to make space.
At what point will we prioritise the deportation of foreign criminals who are taking up one in nine of  our prison cells, so that we can get back to zero-tolerance policing and ensure that no crime is too small to go unpunished?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, because she is quite right to highlight that a key element of tackling the prison capacity crisis is sending back, through deportation, foreign national offenders.
She will be reassured that 18,000 have been deported in the past four years and we continue to drive that target ever higher.