As it was his birthday yesterday, I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
You are never going to let me forget about my birthday.
I very much thank the Secretary of State for his answers, and for his very clear commitment to physical and skills training.
The other important issue is education.
If we keep people’s minds and bodies active, they will not wish to offend when they leave prison, so what is being done to help, educationally?
Will the Secretary of State share the ideas he clearly has with the equivalent Minister in Northern Ireland?
Absolutely.
Importantly, we are rolling out a prison education service, with a considerable sum of money—about £150 million a year, which is significant.
However, it is critical to have tie-up between the local employment advisory boards, liaising with the governor, and the New Futures Network to ensure that the education provided is tailored to the jobs on the outside.
People are being assisted with literacy, for example, so that they can do jobs in hospitality, kitchens or horticulture.
Education works when it is tailored to job opportunities on the outside.
That is how we get prisoners motivated and engaged—and yes, I am happy to engage in the way that the hon.
Member proposes.
What steps he is taking to prevent the potential abuse of lasting power of attorney agreements.
When an LPA application is submitted, there is a statutory four-week waiting period before the LPA can be registered, during which objections can be lodged.
As for registered LPAs, any concerns about an attorney abusing one can be reported to the Office of the Public Guardian, which will investigate.
As part of the modernisation of LPAs following the passage of the Powers of Attorney Act 2023, new identity verification processes will be introduced to further strengthen the system.
More than 6 million people in Britain have lasting power of attorney agreements.
I have been inundated recently with so many harrowing stories from across the country of abusers targeting elderly people and stealing their estate from under their nose.
Will the Minister ensure that a proper medical assessment is carried out before an LPA is activated, and that the digitisation of LPAs does not lead to families losing their loved one’s estate to unscrupulous abusers?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and I am more than happy to take that away and write to him about the steps we take to ensure that that level of check is in place.
I reassure the House that people can check the “use a lasting power of attorney” service on gov.uk to see where LPAs have been issued, and whether one has been issued without their knowledge.
What steps he is taking to reduce violence in the secure youth estate.
The number of children in custody has fallen by nearly 70% in the last decade, but that means that those in custody are more complex; 71% of them are detained for violent offences.
Although the rate of prisoner-on-prisoner assaults declined by 7% between July and September 2023, compared with the same period in 2022, the rate of assaults on staff increased.
That is why all sites have a safety strategy reflecting local drivers of violence.
That includes tackling the use of weapons,  and training staff in conflict resolution.
Much has been done, but there continues to be more to do, and we remain focused on doing it.
Those strategies are clearly not working.
There were 320 assaults on staff between July and September 2023, of which 24 were serious.
That is a 9% increase, year on year, in assaults in the children and young people’s estate.
When will the Minister put in place a proper plan to cut violence in the youth estate and keep staff safe?
The plan we have put in place is working, but there is more to do.
The hon.
Gentleman highlighted statistics that, as he will accept, I acknowledged from the Dispatch Box.
We believe that our approach to tackling violence and to conflict resolution in our youth estate is right, and we will continue to press forward with it to reduce rates of assault on our hard-working and dedicated prison officers and staff.