I can confirm that the Government will continue to base our investment decisions to reduce reoffending on the best available evidence at the time.
We are continuously improving our evidence base, for instance through the cross-governmental Better Outcomes through Linked Data programme.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last session of Justice questions I have visited HMP Liverpool, a prison that received a poor inspection report some years ago, and I saw how it had been transformed.
Prisoners were engaged in constructive activity in the cycle repair workshop and elsewhere, cells had been refurbished, and there was a clear sense of pride among prison officers, who were determined to deliver safety, decency and rehabilitation.
Prisons as well as prisoners, it seems, can be redeemed.
I have also visited Liverpool Crown court to see our “intensive supervision courts” in action, tackling the root causes of offending with treatment for addictions.
In Coventry I saw rapid deployment teams of offenders who had been sentenced to carrying out unpaid work clearing up local neighbourhoods, visibly atoning for their crimes, and doing so within 48 hours of the project being nominated by the public.
I was pleased to support the important Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation Bill, promoted by  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) , which is intended to tackle abusive and chilling lawsuits.
We have also brought forward legislation on litigation funding agreements to ensure that third parties can continue to fund court proceedings on behalf of individuals or small businesses.
That support enabled the sub-postmasters to make their successful civil claim.
Our legislation will bolster access to justice, boost our legal sector, and ensure that in our courts David can still take on Goliath.
The Government have achieved only 5,900 of the promised 20,000 new prison places, resulting in them having to release prisoners up to 60 days early to alleviate overcrowding, thereby directly impacting on public safety.
How does the Secretary of State reconcile this with the Conservative promise of being tough on crime, especially when his end-of-custody supervised licensing scheme expansion significantly deviates from judicial sentencing?