Since 27 February, there have been six sudden deaths at HMP Parc in Bridgend, and it appears that at least four of those tragic deaths were drug-related.
What are the Government doing to ensure that inmates at Parc are kept safe and walk out of prison safe and well at the end of their sentence?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for highlighting a serious and important issue.
I am happy to meet her to discuss it further, if she wishes.
In line with established protocols for deaths in custody, we are not able to comment on individual cases until the relevant investigation by the prisons and probation ombudsman has concluded, but HMP and YOI Parc has mobilised a range of actions to gather intelligence on drug entry points and on what has happened.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter privately.
When the National Crime Agency briefed Members who are interested in the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill, it estimated that between 550,000 and 800,000 serious sexual offenders are at large in this country.
What are the Government doing to identify them?
How many more prisons will we have to build to accommodate them?
I am proud that, since 2010, the number of people prosecuted for rape is up 32%, sentences are around 40% longer and the proportion of those sentences spent in custody has increased.
We are determined to do everything possible to send a clear message that addressing serious sexual offending is a priority for this Government.
We will clamp down on it, and those who perpetrate this vile crime can expect the punishment they deserve.
The Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation Bill, which was tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) and which the Government now support, is a great opportunity to tackle pernicious lawsuits that seek to silence journalists, campaigners and even sexual assault survivors, but two key deficiencies—the overly subjective test and the narrow definition of public interest—mean that anti-SLAPP campaigners tell me that they simply cannot support the Bill in its current form.
Ahead of the important Committee stage, will the Lord Chancellor commit to looking at the amendment suggested by the News Media Association and meet me to address its concerns so that the Bill becomes fit for purpose?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
I am aware of the issues that have been raised.
There is plainly a delicate balance to strike.
It is incredibly important that individuals can access the courts to get a remedy in appropriate cases, and we want to make sure that the balance is properly struck.
We will consider the amendment with care, as I have with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
If the hon.
Lady wants to make representations to me, I will listen to them very carefully.
Worksop witnessed the horrific murder of Pauline Quinn by a man who had been released after serving time for a double murder.
The probation service has since admitted that mistakes were made.
However, the public still have many unanswered questions.
Does the Minister agree that, although it is understandable that all the information sometimes cannot be put in the public domain, the probation service should seek to be as transparent  as possible and give communities that information, where possible?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
He is right to highlight that there are occasions when it is not possible to make all the information public, but it is important that there is as much transparency as possible.
If it would be helpful, I am happy to meet him to discuss it further.
Selby is classed by the Law Society as a legal advice desert for housing, education and family legal aid.
What are the Minister’s plans to fix that?
The Legal Aid Agency keeps the location of providers under constant review.
We have invested an additional £10 million over the last few months in those specific types of legal aid.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I can give him the details of where the spend is going in his local area.
Joshua Rozenberg KC has presented “Law in Action” on Radio 4 over the past 20 years, and it has frequently shed important light on areas of our justice system that need attention.
Does the Secretary of State share my disappointment that today’s broadcast will be the programme’s last, because it has not been recommissioned?
Will he also pay tribute to Joshua Rozenberg for his work?
I am very grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend for raising this point.
Joshua Rozenberg has made a profound and important contribution to our country.
Indeed, he is required reading, and I read him most days.
I share my hon.
and learned Friend’s profound regret, and I echo his sentiments.
I think the whole House will wish Joshua Rozenberg well.
All through Lent, women nationwide have faced intimidation from the anti-choice group 40 Days for Life blocking their entrance to abortion clinics daily.
Why is that happening, given that MPs voted by a ratio of 3:1 in 2022 for safe access zones, with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Newbury (Laura Farris)  being one of them?
I concur with the hon.
Lady that it is completely unacceptable that anyone should feel harassed or intimidated when exercising their legal right to abortion services.
I hope she will be reassured to hear that it is anticipated that section 9 of the Public Order Act 2023 will be commenced no later than this spring.
The consultation on the guidance published by the Home Office closed on  22 January  and the final response will be published in due course.
I must just say one thing, however: it is right that a balance will need to be struck where competing rights are engaged, including under articles 10 and 11 of the European convention on human rights.
Our probation service is in crisis, with staff overworked, overstretched and undervalued.
The expansion of the early release scheme will put yet more pressure on them, so what is the Minister doing this year to help our probation staff face that extra workload?
Probation officers do an exceptionally important job, as I believe we all agree.
Let me set out what we have done in respect of prison and probation staff.
First, we accepted every penny of the Prison Service pay review body recommendations.
We have injected extra funding of more than £155 million a year into probation.
Prison officers do a tough job, as do probation officers, but I am delighted to report that the retention of prison officers is improving, with the staff resignation rate in prisons dropping from about 10.7% to 8.3%, and their numbers have increased.
As for probation, we have recruited about 4,000 people in the past three years.
That is positive and we will continue to support them every step of the way.
Do we have enough crematoriums in the UK, given that many families are now having to wait three, four, five or six weeks for a funeral slot?
Why is there such a gap between the cheapest crematorium in the country, which charges £408, and the most expensive, in Stevenage, which charged £1,400 last year?
The challenges facing crematoriums, and in fact the whole funeral sector, are being reviewed by the Law Commission.
This is about not just crematoriums, but burial space.
There are challenges across the whole death management landscape, to use the technical term, which is why the Law Commission is investigating and bringing forward proposals.
The fees for civil legal aid are half what they were in 1996 and the number of providers has fallen by 40% in the past 10 years.
If the Minister actually wants to do something about civil legal aid, why has he kicked the civil legal aid review into the long grass?
Legal aid is always under constant review and I will always take advice from those closest to it.
That is why I engage with, for example, the Bar Association, the Law Society and the judiciary on what we need to do.
As for kicking things into the long grass, all I can say is that I want to get this right
and if that takes time, it will take time.
For the final question, I call Debbie Abrahams.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Justice Secretary did not quite answer my question on where the 67,000 criminal cases in the backlog are, and how they are being prioritised and communicated.
I do not want another historical child sexual exploitation victim to be told by a Crown court that her case has been cancelled twice because it is not a priority.
The point I was endeavouring to make, although I perhaps did not do so well, is that listing is a judicial function.
We have seen the senior presiding judge make a decision that certain sex cases and those most serious rapes, for example—all of them are serious, of course—will be given an early listing.
As I say, I do not have complete control over that, but I do discuss it with the Lady Chief Justice
and I know that the senior presiding judge is keen to get through those cases at the earliest opportunity.