In Scotland, victims of rape and serious sexual assault are now able to access free court transcripts.
The project will give victims free access to transcripts that previously would have cost thousands of pounds.
However, the UK Government refuse to match the scheme and are only committing to a one-year pilot scheme, in which free copies of sentencing remarks will be made available to victims of serious crime.
That is not good enough.
It fails victims like my constituent, Juliana Terlizzi, who was charged over £7,000 to read the transcript of her rapist’s trial.
Ahead of Report stage of the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place next month, will the Justice Secretary meet Juliana and me to discuss matching the Scottish scheme, which will help get victims the justice they deserve?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that the Courts Minister has said that he will meet her to discuss the matter.
She will know that the cost of transcription for a full trial can be as high as £20,000, but the power and impact of any trial, where there has been a conviction, is in the judge’s sentencing remarks at the end, in seeing everything, and society’s opprobrium is expressed through the voice of the judge.
That is why we are conducting a pilot for free sentencing remarks in all those cases.
What assessment he has made of the impact of delays in the family courts on children who have been taken into care.
Delays in decision making during care proceedings can have a significant impact on children, and we recognise that there is more to do to address that challenge.
That is why last year the Government published their response to the independent review of children’s social care, setting out a programme of action to achieve better outcomes.
The Department for Education is investing an extra £10 million on new initiatives to address the longest delays and meet the statutory requirement to resolve proceedings within 26 weeks.
Data from Cafcass shows that children who have been removed from their parents by the state have to wait an average of 46 weeks to get a final decision on where they will live.
That is heartbreaking.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of extended family proceedings on the mental health of the children involved and their ability to access support and child and adolescent mental health services?
The hon.
Lady raises a very serious point.
The impact on the child and the wider family is appreciated.
We have invested in capacity, with more money for Cafcass, judges and recorders, and more sitting days to ensure that we increase capacity so that hearings can be heard effectively.
We are also focusing on the public law outline, which sets a maximum number of hearings and the time limits, to ensure that proceedings are heard on time.
If the hon.
Lady wishes to raise any specific cases, I will be happy to meet her to get to the bottom of any specific problems.