I feel very uncomfortable about the Minister’s comments about taking credit for the UN Security Council resolution when the UK abstained twice in the process.
There is not an immediate ceasefire and, after six months, I dread to think how many Gazans have been killed or will die of starvation.
Given the rapidly deteriorating situation in Gaza, does he agree that it is vital that the Cabinet Minister responsible for overseas aid makes himself available to this House for scrutiny?
Surely it is not right that Members are updated on the Foreign Secretary’s views via the media, rather than from his answering questions in this place.
When will the Government do us the courtesy of responding to the Procedure Committee’s report?
The hon.
Lady knows that I greatly respect her and the work that she does on the Select Committee.
I do not think she should feel uncomfortable, because Britain has taken a principled position that is delivered by resolution 2728, which was passed yesterday.
I hope that she will join the general approval for the strong British diplomatic effort that helped to deliver that.
On the Foreign Secretary, I believe that the Government response to the Procedure Committee report is imminent.
She asks about the member of the Cabinet responsible for British aid and development policy: that is me.
Both I and the Foreign Secretary speak with one voice.
A lot of points will be made today arguing that responsibility for the ceasefire lies purely with Israel, but that is simply not true.
A ceasefire must take place on all sides.
Those who want Israel to lay down its arms but do not insist on Hamas laying down theirs are basically saying that Israel does not have the right to ensure that its security is in place.
Until Hamas dismantle their terrorist organisation, which threatens the lives of Jewish people, who they do not think should exist—they do not think the state of Israel should exist—we must ensure that any ceasefire is observed by both sides of this coin.
My right hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I hope that he will have noticed that I am trying to take a balanced approach to these matters.
The reason Britain did not call for an immediate ceasefire before, as so many other countries did, was that it was perfectly clear that it was not going to happen.
He will recall that, when asked about a ceasefire, Hamas made  it absolutely clear that their intention was not only to not have a ceasefire, but to replicate once again the terrible events that took place on  7 October .