We very much welcome the UN Security Council resolution, which demands an immediate ceasefire for the month of Ramadan.
This is an important first step in achieving the permanent ceasefire that we on the SNP Benches have been urging for several months.
We also welcome the UN demands for an immediate and unconditional release of all hostages.
We call on all parties to adhere to their obligations under international law, to protect civilians and to lift all barriers to humanitarian aid.
That this motion specifically demands a ceasefire makes it legally binding, and it obliges all combatants to adhere to it, yet already there is significant concern that Israel does not intend to comply with the demands.
The Israeli ambassador to the UN and the Foreign Minister, Israel Katz, among others, have indicated that they will not adhere to the demands of the ceasefire, with Mr Katz stating: “The state of Israel will not cease fire.”
Israel, as we know, has form for ignoring binding resolutions of the United Nations, but rarely can it have done so in such a blatant manner and with such a complete disregard for the rules on which we all rely to keep us safe.
Given that Israel has signalled its intention to ignore the demand for a ceasefire, and rather than waiting for the inevitable to happen before acting, can the Minister assure the House that, if and when Israel launches its proposed offensive on Rafah, the work will already have been done to impose immediate sanctions, including, most importantly, the banning of arms sales to Israel, and that Tel Aviv will be under no illusion as to the consequences of its actions should it ignore this resolution?
Can the Minister update the House on what discussions have been had, or are being planned with our partners and allies, to ensure that we take decisive international action should Israel breach the terms of this resolution?
Finally, can he confirm whether it is the opinion of the UK Government that, should Israel not adhere to the UN resolution, it will be in violation of a binding resolution and thus stand in breach of international law?
First of all, may I welcome the hon.
Member’s support for the Government’s position, which has not always been the case in these statements?
In particular, I welcome the consensual language from the SNP on the ceasefire, the release of hostages and getting aid in.
That is very important.
It means that the authority that the Prime Minister brought to this Dispatch Box, which is now the essence of this new resolution 2728, gets broad support from the House, which is very welcome.
On the remaining parts of what the hon.
Member said, the Government want to try to bring people together.
We want to end the violence as soon as we can, ensure that the hostages get out and aid gets in, and lift people’s eyes to a political track once this catastrophe is over.
That is what the Government are trying to do, and the hon.
Member will forgive me for not going down the rather more divisive line that he took.
In respect of military action in Rafah, the hon.
Member will have heard what the Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and I have said about the importance of respecting international humanitarian law and the position of civilians caught out in the open there, and I hope that he will agree with that.
The terrorist attack of  7 October  on Israel has provoked widespread antisemitism in this country and around the world.
The latest manifestation of that was at Manchester airport yesterday when Border Force guards made it apparent that they do not want Israeli Jews to enter this country.
Two innocent victims of the music festival slaughter were berated and told: “We have to make sure that you are not going to do what you are doing in Gaza over here.”
That was to two victims of the Nova music festival slaughter.
Blaming all Jews for the actions of their country is obviously antisemitic.
These are people in uniform acting for this country as Border Force officers.
It is a disgrace beyond all proportion.
The detention of those victims for several hours was clearly unlawful.
They are being offered free legal representation, which I would urge them to take up.
Can the deputy Foreign Secretary confirm that Jews and Israelis are still welcome to enter this country?