Labour welcomes, too, the fact that the Government were able to support the resolution.
It represents a major shift in Government policy, which previously called only for an immediate pause rather than an immediate ceasefire.
Why were the Government not able to back Labour’s motion last month?
Much more importantly, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that the UN resolution is implemented in full, putting pressure on Hamas—who reportedly rejected the latest compromise—and Israel to reach agreement on a ceasefire now?
That could not be more vital given the terrible human cost of the war, with more than 30,000 Palestinians dead, Israeli hostages still in chains nearly six months on from the  7 October  massacre, and a man-made and preventable famine imminent.
Aid needs to get into Gaza at scale, and it also needs to be distributed.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency is unmatched in its ability to distribute aid.
With just a few weeks until the new financial year, can the Minister tell us whether the UK’s funding to UNRWA will resume?
The UN motion also said that all parties must “comply with their obligations under international law”.
In that context, I will raise a specific incident with the Minister.
On  18 January , an International Rescue Committee and Medical Aid for Palestinians compound was struck in a near-fatal airstrike by the Israeli military.
The co-ordinates were known to Israel and formally de-conflicted.
A British medical team and local staff were inside, who, since then, have received six explanations for that shocking incident, but the truth is still unclear.
Will the Government support a full and independent  investigation to deliver accountability and reiterate that attacks on humanitarian workers are outrageous and must not happen?
The Foreign Secretary is not required to come to this House, but he is required to provide legal advice to the Business Secretary on arms exports.
The law is clear that the Government cannot grant a licence if there is a clear risk that the items could be used in violation of international humanitarian law.
The war in Gaza has seen numerous allegations made of serious breaches of humanitarian law by Israeli forces, and the International Criminal Court is currently conducting an investigation into alleged war crimes committed by all parties in Gaza.
On Friday, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary asking him to publish the most recent legal advice he has received on this matter.
So I end by asking the Minister one simple question: has the Foreign Secretary received legal advice saying that there is a clear risk that items licensed by the UK might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law?
The answer is a simple yes or no.
First, I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his strong support for United Nations Security Council resolution 2728.
He asks what the Government will do to ensure that it is implemented in full.
Just as that resolution shows considerable success for British diplomatic work—particularly in New York—he and the House may rest assured that we will be doing everything we can to ensure that it is indeed implemented in full.
The right hon.
Gentleman suggests that that is a reflection of Labour’s position in the House.
I hope that, by and large, the Labour position is supportive of the Government, but he should be quite clear that yesterday’s resolution represents a tremendous success for British diplomacy.
It means that the European Union, the United Nations and the United States now take our position on the priorities.
I remind the right hon.
Member that what we said very clearly was that we needed an immediate pause, so that we could get aid in and the hostages out, “leading to a sustainable ceasefire”.
He will see that British position fully reflected in what was decided yesterday in New York.
The right hon.
Member asks me about UNRWA.
I can tell him that the interim report by the former French Foreign Minister, Catherine Colonna—the final report is not due until  20 April —is now with the Secretary-General in New York and we hope to learn more about it today.
The right hon.
Member refers to a specific strike, which the House has already heard about, and I agree with him entirely that we expect a full, total and definitive explanation for what happened from the Israeli Government.
He asks me about arms export licensing.
Let me give him a very clear response to that: we have a robust arms export licensing regime.
All exports are regularly assessed against clear criteria.
We regularly review Israel’s adherence to international humanitarian law and act in accordance with that.
As he indicated, we advise the Department for Business and Trade on the situation in-country.
The DBT and its Secretary of State are the decision-making authorities, but I would  point out to him that UK exports are very small, amounting to 0.02% of Israel’s military imports, and we publish a comprehensive report on official statistics every quarter.
Finally, the right hon.
Member asks me to publish the legal advice.
I would point out to him that no Government do that.
He will recall, I think, the highly contentious position taken at the time of the Iraq war not to publish the legal advice.
For a party that aspires possibly in the future to be in Government, I am sure that Labour will see the merit of these conventions.