The Government’s plans to introduce employment tribunal fees suggest that users should pay towards running costs, implying that only those using the system benefit from it.
However, Resolution Foundation research shows that tribunals are heavily relied upon to enforce workers’ rights for all.
Does the Justice Secretary not appreciate that any action to deter lower-paid workers from bringing forward cases will be to the detriment of the system as a whole?
We do not believe that a £55 claim issue fee will be a deterrent.
The tribunal system costs the taxpayer £80 million a year, and we do not think it is unreasonable that those who use it should pay a small contribution.
To answer the question, we do not think it is a deterrent.
The tragic reality is that when intimate partners murder, women are the victims in 90% of cases.
What progress have the Government made since the Wade review on ensuring that justice is done in these cases?
We are increasing sentences by introducing statutory aggravating factors for murders that are preceded by coercive or controlling behaviour, that involve overkill or that are connected with the end of a relationship.
For manslaughter involving sexual conduct, we intend to target cases where death occurs in the context of abusive or degrading sexual conduct.
We have consulted publicly on sentencing, with starting points for murders preceded by controlling or coercive behaviour and for murders committed with a knife or other weapon.
People want access to justice.
The Women’s Budget Group has found that, as a result of the disastrous Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, 85% of vulnerable women are unable to access civil legal aid and the majority of them are reaching crisis point.
Does the Minister think it is right that these women are being left without basic access to justice?
The hon.
Lady raises an important  point and I would be happy to meet her and take representations on that specific point.
I will also discuss it with Lord Bellamy, who, alongside me, deals with civil legal aid.