Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Policy Director, Elizabeth Joseph, for her service to the people of the Third Congressional District.
Elizabeth joined my office with an impressive resume, having worked for 
Senator Thad Cochran and Congressman Gregg Harper.
Elizabeth started with me when I was sworn into office in January 2019 and brought a wealth of knowledge that helped lay a solid foundation for my office.
A native of Clinton, Mississippi, Elizabeth earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Mississippi and was inducted into the Ole Miss Hall of Fame in 2010.
Elizabeth also completed her Masters of Public Affairs at the University of Texas, researching the power of social media for members.
Her impressive research was published through the Congressional Research Service.
Elizabeth helped build a legislative team in my office that makes Mississippi a priority every day.
Elizabeth's knowledge of healthcare and defense issues, among others, has been recognized throughout her career.
While serving on my team, Elizabeth was presented with the prestigious Patrick Henry Award from the National Guard Association of the United States.
Elizabeth's dedication to our national defense has been instrumental to Mississippi and our Nation.
Elizabeth led sessions each year throughout the Third Congressional District with local leaders and elected officials.
These sessions helped to build both relationships with the communities we serve and a greater understanding of the appropriations process, which has resulted in a high acceptance rate for community project funding requests submitted by my constituents.
I am honored to have had Elizabeth Joseph on my staff these last 6.5 years.
My team and I will greatly miss her smile, expertise, and dedication to Mississippi.
Elizabeth will continue her service to the United States Congress at the Senate Appropriations Committee's Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.
This is a huge honor for her and for the state of Mississippi.
I thank Elizabeth for her dedication to my team, for laying a great foundation, and for always supporting fellow Mississippians.
I am thankful to have had so many great years with her on my team.
I wish Elizabeth the best in her new role.