Time may change my attitude.''
Mr. Clarence Jupiter, who would go on to become a top administrator

at Xavier University, championed the cause by asking why St. Augustine

and Xavier Preparatory, which competed in major boys' sports, were not

allowed to play their white Catholic counterparts?
These institutions

developed All-Americans and future pros and perform exceptionally well.
Yet the fans never saw these schools compete against the other five.
On

the surface, little was happening to change the situation, but Father

Grant was tirelessly working behind the scenes.
In June 1964, Fr.
Grant notified Archbishop John Cody that he would

seek admittance to the LHSAA, to establish athletic relations with the

other Catholic high schools in the archdiocese.
He also notified those

schools of his plan, asking them to include St. Aug on their

basketball, baseball and track and field schedules for the 1964-65

school year.
Father Grant had no delusions that LHSAA Commissioner T.H. ``Muddy''

Waters would greet his request with open arms.
And he was right.
Jesuit

principal Father C.J. Stallworth, who had served on the LHSAA executive

committee for seven years, said he would do what he could to assist St.

Augustine, but added it would be helpful to him to have Sister Madalena

of Xavier Prep also apply for admission to bolster his request.
Father Grant faced resistance from other Catholic schools, whose

coaches set the athletic schedules.
The Catholic League coaches ignored

the two LIALO schools when they set the schedules for 1964-65.
The CYO

tournament and Knights of Columbus track meet also kept their events

segregated.
At the January 1965 annual meeting, the LHSAA denied St. Augustine's

membership request but amended its constitution to allow LHSAA and

LIALO schools to compete against each other.
A year later, Rummel, Shaw and Cor Jesu were admitted by a two-thirds

vote of LHSAA principals; St. Aug was not.
Although the local Catholic

school principals voted to admit the school into their district by a 5-

3 count, the vote of LHSAA principals numbered 11 yeas, 185 nays.
The

rest is history.
St. Augustine gained entry through a federal court suit in 1966, the

CYO allowed St. Augustine and Xavier Prep to compete in its tournament,

and the Knights of Columbus ceased running its annual track and field

meet.
On Friday, December 12, 1975, in Strawberry Stadium.
located on the

campus of Southeastern Louisiana in Hammond, Louisiana, the Saint

Augustine High School Purple Knights achieved their first state title

in the Louisiana High School Athletic Association (LHSAA)--the all-

white athletic league that St. Aug integrated through winning a Federal

Court case in 1967.
St. Augustine has won state championships in football, basketball and

track over the years.
Xavier Prep became an all-girls school a few

years after joining the LHSAA.
The LIALO became a defunct organization in 1969.
Its members joined

the LHSAA.
Almost every high school in the LHSAA has a mixed

enrollment.
Team Roster Included: Virgil Alexis, Michael Ben, Winston

Burns, Ken Cobette, Gary Craddock, Oyd Craddock, Charles

Cross, Donald Davis, Kurt Davis, Travis Duroncelet, Joseph

Evans, Greg Fernandez, Bernard Gaines, Zachary Gaston, Henry

Gibson, Derek Gray, Raymond Gray, Marty Griffin, Richard

Harleaux, Louis Holmes, Arthur Hunter, Harold Jackson, Walter

Lain, Sidney Lawrence, Thaddeus Lee, Stephen McNair, Michael

Moody, Keith Moore, Elliot Muhammad (Boisdore), Louis Oubre,

Larry Parker, Tyrone Parker, Burnell Quinn, Eric Richard,

Victor Richard, Michael Roussell, Tyronne Smith, Gary

Washington, Christopher Willard, Alan Williams, Wydell

Williams, Rynell Wilson.
Deceased Team Members: Joseph Broussard, Nathaniel Dorsey,

John Doucette, Alan Florent, Percy Gibson, Arthur Hagan,

Byron Honore, Ronnie James, Jerome Mazique, Alvin Reed,

George Robertson, Daryl Smith, Renard Smith, Brian Thompson,

Fredrick Thornton.
Coaching Staff: Ronald Arceneaux, Anthony Biagas, Eddie

Flint, Daryl McConduit (Deceased), Anthony Simmons

(Deceased), Otis Washington--Head Coach (Deceased).