Team Roster Included: Virgil Alexis, Michael Ben, Winston

Burns, Ken Cobette, Gary Craddock, Oyd Craddock, Charles

Cross, Donald Davis, Kurt Davis, Travis Duroncelet, Joseph

Evans, Greg Fernandez, Bernard Gaines, Zachary Gaston, Henry

Gibson, Derek Gray, Raymond Gray, Marty Griffin, Richard

Harleaux, Louis Holmes, Arthur Hunter, Harold Jackson, Walter

Lain, Sidney Lawrence, Thaddeus Lee, Stephen McNair, Michael

Moody, Keith Moore, Elliot Muhammad (Boisdore), Louis Oubre,

Larry Parker, Tyrone Parker, Burnell Quinn, Eric Richard,

Victor Richard, Michael Roussell, Tyronne Smith, Gary

Washington, Christopher Willard, Alan Williams, Wydell

Williams, Rynell Wilson.
Deceased Team Members: Joseph Broussard, Nathaniel Dorsey,

John Doucette, Alan Florent, Percy Gibson, Arthur Hagan,

Byron Honore, Ronnie James, Jerome Mazique, Alvin Reed,

George Robertson, Daryl Smith, Renard Smith, Brian Thompson,

Fredrick Thornton.
Coaching Staff: Ronald Arceneaux, Anthony Biagas, Eddie

Flint, Daryl McConduit (Deceased), Anthony Simmons

(Deceased), Otis Washington--Head Coach (Deceased).
PURPLE KNIGHT DISTRICT & STATE PLAYOFF RECORD

George Washington Carver, 33-0

John McDonogh, 21-0

Joseph S. Clark, 51-0

Jesuit 35-7

Archbishop Rummel, 19-6

Holy Cross, 41-7

DeLaSalle, 33-0

Chalmette, 34-0

Archbishop Shaw, 26-0

Brother Martin, 7-0

STATE PLAYOFFS

George Washington Carver **, 29-8

West Jefferson **, 14-6

South Lafourche, 20-7

Sulphur, 11-10

Covington, 35-13

** First 2 high school games held in the LA Superdome--40k

in attendance

The team's historic 15-0 season record not only affirmed St. Aug

could excel, but it could dominate in the face of adversity.
The team's

performance both uplifted the high school and the entire Black

community in New Orleans and around the state.
The team was ranked No.
1 all season, was first in LHSAA to achieve 15-0 record, and first to

play in the Louisiana Superdome.
For the season, the team outscored

opponents 409 points to 64 points and held opponents scoreless in 7

games.
That year, eleven (11) team members received football

scholarships to Division 1 Universities.
Currently, over 30 athletes

have advanced to the National Football League, the largest total than

any high school in the United States of America.
Law and Hope are the names of the streets between which St. Augustine

High School has been located for 74 years.
More appropriate symbols

would be difficult to find as so much of this school speaks of Divine

Providence.
I congratulate the St. Augustine High School Purple

Knights, the 1975 Championship Football Team, and those that continue

the mission of the Josephite Fathers and Brothers.
Rise Sons of the

Gold and Purple.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF ROBERT PHILLIPS

_____

HON.
JASMINE CROCKETT

Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an exceptional

member of our community, Mr. Robert Phillips, the recipient of D

Magazine's Volunteer of the Year Award.
For more than two decades, Mr. Phillips has dedicated thousands of

hours to serving low-income families through the Ferguson Road

Initiative's Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program.
His

unwavering commitment to accurate, free tax preparation has made him a

cornerstone of this vital effort--and a source of immense pride for our

district.
As both a tax preparer and site coordinator at two VITA locations,

Mr. Phillips has helped thousands of individuals and families navigate

the tax system--even during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, when

many other sites were forced to close.
Thanks to his dedication, and

that of fellow volunteers, the program has completed over 17,900 tax

returns, returned more than $3.3 million to the community, and saved

taxpayers an estimated $300,000 in fees.
Mr. Phillips' selfless service and steadfast leadership have helped

ensure financial stability for countless Dallas residents.
He has also

mentored and supported fellow volunteers, strengthening the very fabric

of our community.
I am deeply grateful for Robert's contributions and proud to

represent him in Congress.
I congratulate him on this well-deserved

recognition and wish him continued success in all his endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING WILLIAM E. ``BILL'' BALLOU

_____

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.