I congratulate him on this well-deserved

recognition and wish him continued success in all his endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING WILLIAM E. ``BILL'' BALLOU

_____

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of William

E. ``Bill'' Ballou.
Bill was dedicated to sharing the Gospel and will

be remembered for his love of family and his service to his ``Heavenly

Father.''
Bill was born April 8, 1939, in Sterling, Texas, and he later

attended Baylor University where he met his wife, Avonnell Bolton.
God

blessed Bill and Avonnell with 52 years of marriage--a marriage that

was focused on Christ and their family of two children, four

grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
Bill was a devoted Baylor alumni and sought to give back to the

University that not only gave him an education but also brought

Avonnell into his life.
Bill served as a lifetime member of the Baylor

Alumni Association, was a former member of the Baylor Development

Council, and endowed a scholarship in a memory of Avonnell at the

School of Education.
Bill will always be remembered for his dedication to sharing the

message of salvation through Christ.
Bill served Christ passionately

with his lifetime of service in churches in Texas, Mississippi, and

Georgia.
Bill also served in leadership positions in multiple Baptist

Associations and led revivals as far away as New Zealand.
One of Bill's favorite passages to use when sharing the gospel was

John 14:6: I am the way and the truth and the life.
No one comes to the

Father except through me.
Bill left a strong, Godly heritage to those who will walk this Earth

after him.
I am honored to remember his lifetime of service, and I am

thankful for the incredible family he leaves to carry on his legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 11, 2025 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 16

9 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal

Bureau of Investigation.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine AI chatbots.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 17

9:50 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeffrey

Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of

the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately

followed by oversight hearings to examine the U.S. Army

Corps of Engineers.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Neil

Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of

Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; to be immediately

followed by hearings to examine the nominations of

Michael Graham, of Virginia, to be a Member of the

National Transportation Safety Board, Ethan Klein, of

New Jersey, to be an Associate Director of the Office

of Science and Technology Policy, and Joyce Meyer, of

Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for

Economic Affairs.