3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 17

9:50 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeffrey

Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of

the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately

followed by oversight hearings to examine the U.S. Army

Corps of Engineers.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Neil

Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of

Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; to be immediately

followed by hearings to examine the nominations of

Michael Graham, of Virginia, to be a Member of the

National Transportation Safety Board, Ethan Klein, of

New Jersey, to be an Associate Director of the Office

of Science and Technology Policy, and Joyce Meyer, of

Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for

Economic Affairs.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine reviewing recent events at

the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and

implications for children's health.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration

To hold hearings to examine missing unaccompanied alien

children and criminal sponsors.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine conspiracy theories,

antisemitism, and democratic decline.
2358C-RHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Indian Self-Determination and

Education Assistance Act successes and opportunities at

the Department of the Interior and the Indian Health

Service.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine using the 504 program to

build America's manufacturing future.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine drug safety, supply chains,

and the risk to aging Americans.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine strengthening services for

veterans with spinal cord injury and disorder.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW TO WASHINGTON, D.C.

HON.
KATHERINE M. CLARK

Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to warmly

welcome the spiritual head of the Eastern Orthodox Church, His All-

Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, to Washington, D.C.

The longest-serving Archbishop of Constantinople in the history of

Christianity, the Ecumenical Patriarch will arrive in the United States

this month to receive the distinguished Templeton Prize.
This

prestigious award will be presented in recognition of his ``pioneering

efforts to bridge scientific and spiritual understandings of humanity's

relationship with the natural world, bringing together people of

different faiths to heed a call for stewardship of creation.''
Guiding the world's 300 million Eastern Orthodox Christians since his

election in 1991, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew has been a powerful

voice for our common responsibilities to one another--our shared

obligation to defend the freedom, dignity, and wellbeing of our

neighbors and of future generations.
I am especially grateful for the impact his leadership has had on

Orthodox Christians across the United States, particularly the more

than 600 families at St. Demetrios Church in Weston, Massachusetts.
For

decades, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew has had the deepest respect

of the American people and of this institution--an abiding admiration

reflected in Congress' decision to award him the Congressional Gold

Medal in 1997.
Today, the Ecumenical Patriarch continues to bring together people of

all faiths in the pursuit of peace, mutual respect, and a future more

worthy of our children.
I join my colleagues in commending his

invaluable work, and I proudly join my Orthodox constituents in

welcoming him back to the United States.