JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recognize Mr.

John Moddie on his 100th birthday and to commend him for his valiant

service with the United States Army as a member of the 590th Field

Artillery Battalion, 106th Infantry Division during World War II.
At just 18 years old, while working as a stock clerk at Peterson Boat

Works in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, Mr. Moddie answered the call to serve

his country by enlisting in the U.S. Army.
Following basic training at

Camp Roberts, California, he was assigned to B Battery of the 590th

Field Artillery Battalion, 106th Infantry Division at Camp Atterbury,

Indiana.
Excelling in his training on the 105 mm Howitzer, Mr. Moddie

set sail for England to prepare for deployment to the Western Front.
On the morning of November 30, 1944, Mr. Moddie and his battalion

crossed the English Channel to Le Havre, France, where they awaited

orders to move up the Seine River into Germany to take part in what

would become the Battle of the Bulge--the second-most deadly battle of

the war for American troops.
On December 19, 1944, he was captured by

German forces and held at Stalag 9B in Bad Orb, Germany, as a prisoner

of war.
Despite enduring extreme conditions and losing nearly half his

body weight, he survived until liberation by Allied forces on April 2,

1945.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Moddie's life is a testament to courage, sacrifice,

and patriotism.
Let us honor him for his extraordinary service to our

Nation, his devotion to his fellow servicemembers, and his steadfast

commitment to family and community.
On behalf of Michigan's 1st

Congressional District, I wish him a joyous 100th birthday and extend

the gratitude of a Nation, he so bravely served.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF AN HISTORIC ATHLETIC ACHIEVEMENT IN

THE HISTORY OF THE LOUISIANA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION (LHSAA)

_____

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to humbly honor

and celebrate the heroic accomplishment of the Saint Augustine High

School 1975 Football Team, proudly located in Louisiana's 2nd

Congressional District, of which I represent in Louisiana.
From 1951, its first year as a Catholic high school in New Orleans,

through the mid-1960s, St. Augustine excelled in three major varsity

sports: football, basketball and track and field.
But the school,

opened under the administration of New Orleans Archbishop Joseph

Francis Rummel, was relegated to competing in the Louisiana

Interscholastic Athletic and Literary Organization (LIALO) during the

closing era of segregation.
Its principal, Josephite Father Robert Grant, wanted more for his

athletes.
He wanted them to compete against the city's other Catholic

schools, who were members of the Louisiana High School Athletic

Association.
His first attempt came in 1962 when Father Grant wrote to

the principals of the five schools--Jesuit, St. Aloysius, Holy Cross,

De La Salle and Redemptorist--asking them to compete against St. Aug on

an interscholastic sports level.
He thought that would be possible

because the Archdiocese of New Orleans had already desegregated its

elementary schools.
No one accepted the invitation.
But there was one reply, by De La

Salle principal, Christian Brother Cassian.
It was painfully blunt:

``Father, personally, I am not one to rush into situations which may

not be to my advantage and to those associated with me.
For years, I

have refused to play certain high school teams on the basis that there

was nothing to gain by such competition.
This is how I feel about your

request to play De La Salle.
Time may change my attitude.''
Mr. Clarence Jupiter, who would go on to become a top administrator

at Xavier University, championed the cause by asking why St. Augustine

and Xavier Preparatory, which competed in major boys' sports, were not

allowed to play their white Catholic counterparts?
These institutions

developed All-Americans and future pros and perform exceptionally well.