What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
The previous Government left behind a skills system that was fragmented and failing: falling numbers of apprenticeships for young people; adults unable to find the training courses they need; businesses confused; and no plans to equip people with the skills for the economy and opportunities of tomorrow.
We are turning the page by establishing Skills England to unify that fragmented landscape, and bringing forward a plan for post-16 education and skills, which will deliver the education and training pathways that our economy, employers and learners need.
Some 3.8 million people aged 19 and over benefit from skills education in England every year.
I pay tribute to all the hard-working professionals employed in further education, including at Shipley college in my constituency.
However, businesses in Saltaire tell me that they struggle to recruit people with the digital and tech skills that they need locally.
I welcome steps taken by the Government to address skills shortage vacancies.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the benefits of Skills England will be felt by businesses in Shipley?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the staff at Shipley college.
She is right that it is time that we, as a country, took skills much more seriously.
We were left with skills shortages in many key areas, including those she identified.
We will be giving businesses the flexibility they have been asking for, to unlock growth and drive opportunity through the reformed growth and skills levy.
When I speak to small businesses in my constituency of Hexham, they regularly decry an inability to recruit young people from the area, who want to remain in the area where they grew up.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that we will be working with small and medium-sized businesses to ensure that young people can remain where they grew up, should they wish to do so, which sadly was very hard under the previous Government?
Following on from small business Saturday, we all recognise that small employers are the backbone of our economy.
My hon.
Friend is right that it should not be the case that young people in places such as Hexham should have to get out in order to get on.
We are creating Skills England to fill the skills gaps we see across our country.
Skills England will also work with our regional mayors to ensure that we address some of the regional inequalities we see, as well as some of the opportunity areas, because we know that particular parts of the country have a real ability to drive forward growth, jobs and opportunities.
South Staffordshire college’s creative arts faculty is based at Lichfield college in my constituency.
In January, it will open a new state-of-the-art recording studio and rehearsal space that will allow students to develop skills in both music performance and music production, ensuring that they are well prepared for careers in the creative arts for their entire future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that such investments are essential for the UK to maintain its role as a global leader in the creative arts, and that the Government should support them wherever they can?
Absolutely.
That is why we set out in the Budget an additional £300 million of capital investment for our colleges.
I am sure that the opportunities that my hon.
Friend sets out are just the kind that we need to see across our country.
The creative industries have a crucial role to play in driving growth in communities right across our country, and through our curriculum and assessment review we will ensure that all young people have the chance to study a wide range of subjects.
This morning I had the pleasure of visiting South Essex college in my constituency, which offers a significant variety of post-16 skills-based courses, from theatre and music production through to digital skills, robotics and hospitality.
The college is keen to raise the aspirations of local young people, matching their ambitions with the needs of employers in the region.
What role does the Secretary of State see the further education sector playing in delivering the Government’s skills agenda?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that our further education colleges have a crucial role to play in providing opportunities for our young people and for adult returners to education.
Colleges have a strong impact on regional economic growth.
We think that they have a bigger role to play still, which is why they will be a central part of what we take forward through Skills England.
At the general election, the Government said that they would specifically target technical training in areas such as construction, engineering and digital, in order to  take pressure off immigration into key roles, so why are they failing to act on the pay gap between further education teaching posts and those in schools?
I agree that there is a very big pay gap for further education; I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that it took place over the last 14 years, during which his party was in power.
I absolutely accept the challenge that more is required, because our further education colleges have a crucial role to play, but that is the situation we inherited from the Conservative party.