The Secretary of State has made it clear that she would like more time spent on creative subjects, but she must ensure that does not come at the expense of an academic education.
Last week’s international education stats found that English  children are the best at maths in the western world.
That is brilliant news and testament to the hard work of teachers and pupils.
It is also down to a world-class curriculum put in place by the previous Government.
Will she finally celebrate those results and instruct her curriculum review that it must not dilute academic standards and put that progress at risk?
From their shameless sense of pride, we would never know that the Conservative Government left England’s school standards getting worse.
Conservative Members may be happy that half of disadvantaged pupils in state schools did not meet the requirements in reading, writing or maths at the end of primary school, but we do not think their record is anything to be proud of.
Standards is the watchword for this Labour Government, and not just for some of our children but for all of them.
If she will take steps to educate children about the harms of commercial sexual exploitation.
Secondary schools are required to teach about sexual exploitation, and this Labour Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
Education has a key role to play in addressing that.
I agree entirely.
As we near the end of the 16 days of activism, it is really important that we continue to talk about commercial sexual exploitation, which is the exchange of money, accommodation, services or goods for sex acts.
It has an impact on all young people’s lives, including in my constituency of Monmouthshire, particularly through exposure to violent online pornography, as well as via the damaging message conveyed by the fact that there is legal impunity for running pimping websites.
Does the Minister agree that schools should be supported in addressing these issues through a whole-school approach to combating sexism and sexual harassment, as advocated by organisations such as UK Feminista?
Of course I agree with my hon.
Friend that taking a whole-school approach to tackling sexual abuse and violence is incredibly important.
The statutory guidance is very clear that relationship and sexual health education should be delivered through a whole-school approach.
Through our safer streets and opportunities missions, the Government are considering how best to support schools in tackling this issue.
What progress her Department has made on its review of applied general qualifications.
We are making good progress with the review of qualifications reform, which has focused on the level 3 qualifications that are scheduled to have their funding removed on  31 July 2025 .
We are working  quickly to provide certainty to the sector, and will publish the outcomes of the review before the end of the year.
I draw the House’s attention to my declared interests: I am the governor of a sixth-form college.
I thank the Minister for that answer, but she will know that the certainty that she hopes to give is simply not there.
Colleges have had to put off printing prospectuses.
They have had open evenings and assemblies for schools at which they have not been able to confirm what they will teach.
There are staff allocation issues, and they have even been asked to make projections about T-level funding for T-levels that they are not sure they will have the pupil numbers for, because they do not know which equivalent BTecs will be stood down.
They will enter 2025 not knowing what they can teach.
Does she think that is acceptable?
What support will there be for colleges that will have to turn things around very quickly, whatever the outcome of the review?