Staff in non-academised sixth-form colleges are not being offered the same pay increase as staff in academised colleges.
It is understood that a sum of money is available for post-16 education, but colleges have been left completely unclear about whether that sum will be enough to offset the national insurance increase or whether they will find, as universities have, that it is entirely eaten up by that increase.
Will the Minister agree to publish the cost of the national insurance increase to sixth-form colleges, and if she will not publish it, why on earth not?
I find it shocking that the shadow Minister has taken no responsibility for the many circumstances in which we have found ourselves having to make decisions that are in the best interests of students and colleges.
We are conducting various reviews to try to ensure that we put right the mess that we inherited.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of introducing free primary school breakfast clubs on children.
Breakfast clubs break down barriers to opportunity so that children are ready to learn.
They are proven to boost attendance, attainment, wellbeing and behaviour, and they also provide essential childcare options for parents.
In only a few days, hundreds of schools have applied to become early adopters because they know that these clubs can improve children’s life chances and, crucially, academic standards.
As a former youth worker and a former school governor, I know that this initiative will make a huge difference, and I have written to all the schools in my constituency encouraging them to apply.
Will the Secretary of State please outline the next steps?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work that he is undertaking in making his local schools aware of the opportunities that breakfast clubs present.
The early adopters scheme will enable up to 750 participating schools to start providing them from April 2025 onwards.
We have tripled investment in breakfast clubs following the Budget.
Schools have until  20 December  to apply for the scheme, and I would encourage many more to do so.
Thousands of schools are already participating in the national school breakfast club programme, including many special schools and secondary schools, but the clubs actually have a bigger effect on attendance.
The Secretary of State has talked a great deal about breakfast clubs in primary schools, but what is the future for the existing clubs in those special and secondary schools?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for the interest that I know—from his former roles—he takes in this issue.
We are building on the existing programmes, expanding investment and opportunities, but I agree with him that we need to ensure that breakfast clubs are available to all children, including  those with special educational needs and disabilities.
To ensure that the roll-out is a success, some of the early adopters will be in special and alternative provision schools.