“skilled planning officers in local authorities are given the appropriate amount of trust and empowerment.”
Unfortunately, that is not the case in Middlesbrough, because the last Tory Government handed over power to the unwanted Middlesbrough Development Corporation, which totally undermined the council’s planning department and instead used a private planning consultancy, at a significantly higher cost to the public purse and with a considerable loss of democratic authority.
What assurances can the Minister give me that Middlesbrough will get the trust, the empowerment and, indeed, the affordable housing that it needs, and that local democratic legitimacy will be restored?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of local empowerment and of local communities shaping development in their areas—most importantly, as I have made clear in answer to several questions, through up-to-date local plans.
My hon.
Friend will forgive me if I do not comment on the specifics of the development corporation in his area, but on planning officers more generally, the Government want to make sure—this is what we are  testing through the proposals in the working paper—that skilled planning officers in local authorities have the right level of trust and empowerment to resolve select applications more quickly in the service of residents and business.
We also want to ensure that planning professionals are fully supported in their roles, and that their experience and skills are put to best use, which will allow members to focus on the most significant and most controversial applications, including those out of line with up-to-date local plans.
There are a remarkable number of contradictions.
The Minister says that he wants more democratic oversight while removing the democratic local voice of councillors.
He said he is being decisive while also saying he has existing powers that he has not used and that this is not a firm set of proposals.
He is not proposing anything around tech and improvements, while the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is giving a big speech this week on exactly that, as the centrepiece of Government change.
Why does the Minister think that the way to bring clarity to the transport system and local plan is to tell people to engage with the local plan, then at the same time tell them that if they do so, the people most engaged with that, the democratically elected councillors, will be ignored if they then follow that local plan?
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that, for a start, he has clearly not read the working paper.
His question was a mess of contradictions.
What we are clearly saying to local communities is, “Get an up-to-date local plan in place; you can then have confidence that that local plan will be delivered; you can have confidence that applications in line with that local plan will be delivered; and you can have confidence that elected planning members will be focused on the most significant and the most controversial applications, and that local planning officers in those authorities can ensure that other applications that need not go before members are determined in accordance with the local plan as well as the national planning policy framework.
We have had trouble with house building because the speed with which houses are built has been dictated by developers.
What we need to see, when planning permission is granted, is that the developer must either use it or lose it.
We cannot allow those companies to continue to land bank and use their land only when they are confident that house prices are continuing to rise.
Does my hon.
Friend intend to deal with those aspects of the housing market?
On many sites across the country there are genuine reasons, including those of viability, why sites are not built out.
It is not as simple as saying that every consented site that is not being built out is being sat on deliberately by developers, but we know that land is traded speculatively.
I want to reassure my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour that, as I have made clear in answer to previous questions, there are existing powers that we can consider bringing into force, and there are measures that we took forward in the consultation on the national planning policy framework that we think will help build-out, particularly on proposals around  mixed-use sites, but there is potentially more that we can do in this area and we are keeping the matter under close review.
Speaking as—until recently—the leader of a district council and a long-term member of our planning committee, I do not recognise the issues that the Minister is citing.
A lot of the things he says relate to the absence of a local plan.
I fully agree with that.
My council has just put in place a new local plan, which is hopefully being approved right now.
A better way to get more affordable housing would be to look at the way local authorities can finance the building of those houses and fix that.
It would be better to allow local authorities to charge appropriate amounts to cover the costs of the planning, so that they can get the necessary planning officers, and far better to look at how many councils already do mandatory training.
I hear from Liberal Democrat colleagues that they all had to do mandatory training, as I did in my council, so that is in place.
I would like to see a list of how many councils do not do that.
We also need to make water companies statutory consultees so that we do not hit flooding problems.
Those changes will help.
The problem is not in the planning process.
More than 1 million applications have been allowed but not built— Order.
I think we could have built a whole estate by now.
Indeed, Mr Speaker, and I get a strong sense that an Adjournment debate application will be coming your way on several of those issues.
Let me address a number of them.
The hon.
Gentleman says that training is in place in most parts of the country, in which case local authorities should have no problem with mandatory training being requested by the centre, and only a small number of authorities—if it is a small number—would have to put such training in place.