A new report from the Institute for Public Policy Research shows that the most deprived areas have a third fewer childcare places than the most affluent.
If the Government are serious about improving school readiness among our children, will the Secretary of State look at the Liberal Democrat proposal to triple the early years pupil premium so that we can tackle the disadvantage gap when it matters most?
I do recognise the challenge the hon.
Lady sets out and the very real challenge the Government have inherited in the provision of places.
Our approach of rolling out nursery space within primary schools is crucial to creating the places that are required.
There is more that we need to do.
The system and sector overall require reform, and we will set out more in this area before long.
My constituent Alison Duxbury is unable to finalise her divorce because of the delays to assessments in the teachers’ pension scheme, which her husband is part of.
Alison is not alone; many others are suffering serious stress and unacceptable delays.
Will the Minister meet me to unlock this bureaucratic logjam?
I recognise the difficulties my hon.
Friend has outlined.
Changes to pension entitlement have caused the significant backlog in processing that we have inherited, but good progress is now being made.
The Department and the administrator are focused on speeding it up.
I appreciate the concerns he has raised and he might want to write to me with more detail, or a meeting could certainly be arranged.
On a recent visit, I saw the benefit of the SEN unit in All Saints school in Sidley.
Does the Minister think that SEN units have a bigger role to play, and will Ministers meet me to discuss the funding challenges such units face?
I recognise the issue the hon.
Gentleman raises.
It is important that we have the right balance between mainstream inclusion and specialist provision where it is needed.
If it would be helpful for him to have a meeting to discuss specific concerns in his area, I would more than happy to arrange it.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on babies, I am delighted that the announcements on Thursday included a one-year continuation of the Start for Life programme, which provides funding for 75 local authorities.
We would, however, very much like all authorities to be able to access this funding in future so that every child is guaranteed the best start.
Is the Secretary of State willing to meet the APPG in the new year to outline her long-term vision for supporting child development at the youngest ages?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of early support for babies.
The plan for change sets out that we will improve support through pregnancy and early childhood.
The Start for Life programme is the responsibility of Department of  Health and Social Care Ministers, but officials would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this important issue.
What steps are under way to recruit and retain more educational psychologists so that children, including in Chesham and Amersham, do not have to wait as long as they currently are for the assessment they need?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
We are working at pace to ensure that we have more professionals, along with the Department of Health and Social Care, which is also ensuring that we have the right workforce to support all children with special educational needs.
I will write to the hon.
Lady with specific details of the steps being taken.
After years of failure by West Sussex county council to plan properly for secondary school places, parents in Shoreham face another year of waiting to find out if their children will have to travel a long distance for their education.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss their concerns?
Local authorities have a statutory duty to ensure that there are sufficient secondary school places and that children can go to school, and travel should not be a barrier to their getting to school.
I know how important this issue is for parents, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting for my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
My  constituent, 14-year-old Lewis, has been out of school for two years and his education has been disrupted for four.
He is yet another child whose parents have been told by Kent county council that he must attend a particular school despite the school saying that it is unable to meet his specific educational needs.
This is typical of the battle that many families I see have to go through for years, costing them time and money and causing infinite stress.
Will the Minister meet me and the parents to ensure that he is one of the last children to suffer from Kent county council’s continual neglect of SEN children?
The hon.
Lady raises an important matter, which far too many people are having to raise.
I would be happy to meet her not only to discuss this matter further, but to reiterate the steps we are taking to fix this broken SEND system.