What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
Tackling child poverty is at the heart of our opportunity mission.
After a decade of Conservative Government, far too many children are growing up in poverty.
It is a scar on our society, a blight on young lives, and the centrepiece of the Conservatives’ shameful legacy.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions and I are getting on with the job of chairing the child poverty taskforce, which has started the urgent work needed ahead of the publication of our child poverty strategy in spring 2025.
During the summer, I visited the holiday activities and food programme run by Stockton borough council, which provides a healthy meal for low-income families in my constituency.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide some assurance that funding for that programme will continue into next year?
I join my hon.
Friend by extending my thanks to the staff at Stockton borough council for their hard work on the holiday activities and food programme over the past year.
We are working through our budget settlement to agree measures to support families during the holidays, and in due course we will  set out what further steps we can take.
He will know, as I do, that while talent is spread across our country, opportunity is not.
His constituency is full of children whom the Conservatives let down.
This Labour Government will break down barriers.
We know that children growing up in poverty on average do less well in education, with many children also having to miss out on other enriching school activities such as days out because they simply cannot afford them.
Does the Secretary of State agree that every child, including the almost 7,000 children living in poverty in my Sherwood Forest constituency, should have the same opportunities to thrive at school, and that tackling child poverty is essential in ensuring that every child can succeed?
I agree; it is absolutely right that children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency deserve every chance to achieve and thrive, and that is the ultimate goal of our child poverty taskforce.
As the Prime Minister set out just last week through our plan for change, we want to give every child the best start in life, and that is just not possible if millions of children across our country are growing up in poverty.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
The Government’s ambition is that all children with special educational needs receive the right support to succeed, where possible in mainstream schools.
We will strengthen accountability and improve inclusivity through Ofsted, and we will support professionals to develop their SEND expertise.
High needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in the next spending year.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities in Shropshire are relatively poorly funded compared with those in the rest of the country.
Top-up funding for those with the highest level of needs is just £7,000, meaning that the schools that support them cannot even afford a full-time teaching assistant to help them progress.
Can the Minister describe what she is doing to ensure that funding is fairly distributed across the country, so that children with special educational needs can get the help they need wherever they live?
We know that local authorities have been significantly impacted by increased demand for education, health and care plans, as well as challenges in workforce capacity.
We expect the £740 million of additional investment to create thousands of new places in both mainstream and special schools and in specialist settings.
We will confirm the allocations to specific local authorities, which know how best to invest in their local areas to increase capacity as needed, in the spring.
Across Surrey last year, more than 1,800 children with special educational needs were absent from school for more than a third of the time.
Special educational needs co-ordinators are incredibly frustrated that EHCPs are coming back from our local council with the wrong names, describing the wrong conditions and offering the wrong packages of care.
Teachers are stretched, headteachers cannot stretch their budgets any further, and one or both parents are having to give up employment to look after their children, yet the leadership of Surrey county council has said that there is not a problem with special educational needs, but that there are parents who are too articulate.
Would the Minister please meet me and SENCOs to discuss this very serious— Order.
Can I just say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is much easier if he gets to the question, instead of having all the preamble?
I cannot get other people in.
I think the question was clear.
Following the most recent local area SEND inspection by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission in September 2023, the Department—working alongside NHS England—continues to track the progress that the Surrey partnership is making against the areas for improvement that were identified, offering support and advice to the local authority.
I appreciate the significant concerns that the hon.
Gentleman outlines, and we will continue to keep the situation under review.
Bradstow special school in my constituency supports some of the most vulnerable children across the south-east.
More than half of those children are from families in Kent, yet Tory-led Kent county council has refused to pay £2 million in fees, contributing to that school now facing closure.
Kent has been offered the school for free, including all of its land, yet it is refusing to keep the school open.
Will the Minister join me in urging Kent county council to take responsibility and work with the governing body, staff and children’s families to ensure that we can keep this vital school open?
If we are to improve the situation that far too many children face in relation to special educational needs and disabilities, and to meet demand, which we know is outstripping supply, it is vital that areas work together in partnership.
That is why we very much recommend that local authorities work together with health partners and local schools to solve some of those challenges together.
The Department for Education will work closely with them to make sure that every child gets the education they deserve.
A National Audit Office report published in October highlights that special educational needs places in independent schools can cost two and a half times as much as in state schools.
Does the Minister agree that if we are to ensure that children get the support they need in future, we will have to assist local authorities in expanding their number of special needs places?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We know that the situation needs reform, and that we need much greater capacity within mainstream  schools so that children with special educational needs and disabilities can be educated alongside their peers where that is the appropriate place for them to be, but also so that special school places are available where needed.
That is why we have put in £740 million of additional investment to support mainstream schools to expand their specialist provision.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, and nothing less.
That is why, last week, the Prime Minister published his plan for change, including an ambitious target to ensure that, by the end of the Parliament, a record proportion of children are ready for school.
We will do this by transforming the early years, creating and expanding nurseries, rolling out childcare, strengthening family services and focusing on early intervention.
Mr Speaker, as we approach the end of the term, I wish you and all the staff of the House a very merry Christmas, and send my thanks to all the staff working across education.
I have met private schools in and around Tatton that are attended by my constituents’ children, and they have all me told that, despite having applied for a VAT number, not one of them has received it.
Will the Secretary of State explain to me what discussions she is having with the Chancellor to put this right, particularly in the light of the rushed implementation of this misguided ideological policy in January?
I would be happy to make sure that the point the right hon.
Lady raises is looked into, but on the wider policy priority, I say to her that this party and this Government are determined to expand opportunity right across our country for the vast majority of children, who go to state schools.
The Opposition may be happy to defend the indefensible, but should they wish to oppose what we are setting out, they need to say how they are going to pay for it.
I have been contacted by many parents who are desperate to secure a place in a special school for their child, but in Nottingham there is a severe lack of availability.
While I wholeheartedly support efforts to improve SEND support in mainstream schools and to deliver an education system that is truly inclusive, it seems clear that we also desperately need an increase in the number of special school places.
What steps are the Government taking in this area?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concern.
As she will know, this Government inherited a broken system from the previous Government.
We want to make sure that all children with SEND receive the support they need to achieve and thrive.
We have announced £740 million of high needs capital funding for next year for additional places, which will support our ambition to improve inclusivity in mainstream schools.