The Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 was passed by Parliament prior to the election.
By the end of its passage through both Houses, the Labour party had agreed in principle with the need for the Act.
However, just after the election, Government sources said the Act was a Tory “hate speech charter”.
Now I read in the papers that the Department may commence the legislation without the tort.
Can I ask the Secretary of State to clear up this mess and to tell the House what her plan is for the freedom of speech Act?
This Government are absolutely committed to freedom of speech and academic freedom.
We want to make sure that our universities are places of intellectual challenge and rigour, where people will be exposed to views with which they may disagree.
We paused commencement of the previous Government’s legislation because of the serious concerns raised by very many people, including from minority groups, about how the Act would apply.
We are consulting with stakeholders, and we intend to set out our position in due course.
Since the Secretary of State decided to pause this legislation, gender-critical women, among others, have racked up enormous legal fees, which have caused some to remortgage their houses.
Professor Jo Phoenix has said publicly that if it had been in force, the Act would have saved her that precise ordeal.
Inaction has consequences, and this delay is causing harm.
Will the Secretary of State accept that, and get on with implementing the legislation?
I do accept that academics should be free to express a wide range of views, and there will be views that people sometimes find challenging, but it also matters that we have legislation that is workable.
I am afraid that the legislation the right hon.
Lady’s party set out just did not achieve that, and we have had to consider so many challenges raised by minority groups.
The former Universities Minister herself said that she was concerned about what it would mean for Holocaust denial on campus.
We need to get this right.
For 14 years, Governments have criticised teachers, and this has had a dreadful effect on recruitment and retention.
Will the Minister please update the House on the measures she is taking to tackle this serious problem?
May I, too, take this opportunity to wish a merry Christmas to all of our teachers and school support staff when they finally get to the Christmas break?
We are working at pace to recruit 6,500 new teachers.
We have fully funded the 5.5% pay award, we have removed reductive headline Ofsted judgments, and we are working to reduce workloads and ensure more flexibility.
We have announced a £233 million package of recruitment incentives, and we are very committed to supporting our teaching workforce.