We know that good quality early years education can play a significant role in closing the disadvantage gap, yet the Government have inherited a situation in which families who live in disadvantaged areas are the least likely to be able to access good quality childcare.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that access to good quality childcare and early years education is at the heart of the Government’s child poverty strategy?
I agree strongly, and that is why, alongside additional investment, there must be reform.
We will make sure that the areas that my hon.
Friend identifies are addressed.
I look forward to discussing them in front of the Select Committee before too long.
I recently visited the excellent Haven SEND unit at Budehaven community school in North Cornwall, and I invite the Minister to visit so that it can be replicated elsewhere.
Does she plan to extend the unit’s funding beyond February’s cliff edge, given that Cornwall council’s SEND deficit is currently £12 million and counting?
Local authorities normally support special units in schools with funding from their high needs budget, but officials would be happy to investigate the funding arrangements for this school.
Cornwall county council is being allocated a provisional amount of more than £86.6 million in the 2025-26 financial year through the high needs national funding formula, but we are happy to take away the particular issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
Parents, teachers and students in my constituency were horrified to find out that the University of Brighton Academies Trust has been taking a whopping 20% of the Government grant meant for our local schools and education.
What is the Minister doing to resolve these issues and make sure that every child in Hastings and Rye gets the best quality education?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Outcomes in some schools in Hastings are just not good enough.
We are all determined to drive up standards.
Department officials continue to work with the University of Brighton Academies Trust on that.
We are committed to ending its current financial model and to collaborating with school leaders on future budget setting to ensure we can drive high and rising standards in every school, including in Hastings.[Official Report,  10 December 2024 ; Vol. 758, c. 8WC.]
Correction) Research shows that money habits are instilled in young people from the age of seven.
What are the Government doing to improve financial education in schools, particularly in England, where that is not currently on the national curriculum?
We have launched our curriculum and assessment review to make sure that issues such as the one that the hon.
Gentleman identifies are taken into account.
It is a shame that we seem to hear nothing from the Opposition but negativity about the curriculum and assessment review.
We are determined to make sure that all our children get a brilliant education, with high standards and strong academic outcomes, as well as the kind of life skills that he is right to identify.
We are all keenly aware of the significant challenges that further education colleges continue to face, such as difficulties around repair agreements and funding, which  are not helped by the opportunism from the Opposition, who are responsible for the mess those colleges are in in the first place.
Can the Minister tell us more about the steps she is taking to ensure that these engines for opportunity for our young people, such as Leyton sixth-form college, have the support they need to thrive?
This Government recognise the vital role that FE teachers play in equipping learners with the skills they need to drive growth in our economy.
We are totally committed, and we are keeping our eye and our finger on it.
We have provided an additional £300 million for further education to ensure that young people develop the skills that this country so desperately needs.
Over the weekend, Immanuel prep in my constituency announced it was closing, citing VAT on school fees and other damaging Labour policies.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern about the damage that will do to Jewish children growing up in my constituency and the surrounding area, who will be deprived of access to a Jewish education, which they richly deserve?
The Government’s fiscal inheritance is so dire that we have to take tough, but necessary decisions and take them quickly.
Removing VAT exemptions from January is the right thing to do to deliver for every child across our country.
I was delighted to spend Friday afternoon with Cats Whiskers day nursery and earlier this year, I visited Tops day nursery, which is ranked ninth in the Department’s top 100 apprenticeship employees.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to increase the number and quality of childcare apprenticeships?
I pay tribute to the providers in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work.
We want to see great careers right across the early years sector from apprenticeships all the way up to graduate level.
I will happily meet him to discuss that further.
Will the Secretary of State reconfirm her commitment to academies and to the policy of academisation?
We want all schools to do well for our children and to drive high and rising standards regardless of the name above the door.
Academisation has created fragmentation in lines of accountability, leaving local authorities carrying much risk, not least when it comes to SEND provision.
Will my hon.
Friend look at academy governance structures to ensure that local authorities can carry that responsibility and be able to deliver for children with SEN?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Rather than obsessing about structures and names over doors, we are determined to ensure that every child in every community has a good school and that schools work together in communities with their local authorities to co-operate on place planning and admissions, with every child getting the best education and every school having high and rising standards.
At just £952, the East Riding of Yorkshire has the lowest high needs block funding of any local authority in the country.
Ministers have committed themselves to looking again at the formula so that we can have the right one.
Will they please commit to doing everything they can to bring it in for the next financial year so that we do not have another year of grossly unfair and disproportionate distributions of funding?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that this is a complex area.
It would not have been possible to make any changes to the funding formula this year, but we will look in the future at what changes might be required.
I am sure that as part of that process he will make representations on behalf of his constituents.
I talk to special educational needs co-ordinators across Harlow and Essex on a regular basis, partly because my best friend is one.
He tells me that a number of special educational needs co-ordinators—easy for me to say—are leaving the profession because of their high workload and the stress that it causes.
What support will the Government give to ensure that special educational needs co-ordinators get the support, including mental health support, that they need?
My hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for special educational needs in his community.
We know that SENCOs perform a vital function in making sure that children and their families get the support they need to access the education they deserve.
He is right that they deserve support as well.
We need to encourage more people to be trained up in and understand the needs of children with special educational needs so that everybody can play their part in creating an inclusive education system.
Businesses report that cyber-attacks are increasing, as is the amount of time they have to wait to employ someone to deal with those cyber-attacks.
What is the Department doing to fill that skills gap?
The hon.
Member is right that there are skills gaps in cyber, digital and tech overall.
That is why Skills England will drive forward our work in addressing those skills gaps as well as in ensuring that our young people have great careers in the years to come.
That is one area in particular where I know there is lots of opportunity for young people to enjoy a fantastic career.
Itchen sixth-form college in my constituency was recently judged to be “outstanding” by Ofsted.
Will the Secretary of   State join me in congratulating the college?
Does she agree that future success requires us to sort out financial inconsistencies such as lecturers’ pay and VAT liabilities?
My hon.
Friend identifies a number of the challenges that we have inherited as a new Government.
We are working as quickly as we can to address them.
We want to ensure that teachers right across the sector, whether in our schools, the FE sector or colleges, get the support, the pay and the recognition that they deserve.
In Brighton’s non-academy sixth-form colleges, the current teacher strike action stems largely from the Government not providing the same funding to cover pay uplifts as they do for schools and academies.
Will the Secretary of State urgently correct that unjustified funding anomaly?
At the Budget, we set out an additional £300 million for further education.
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government are not responsible for and play no role in setting or making recommendations about teacher pay in FE colleges.
We are looking closely at sixth-form colleges too as part of this, which again is part of the challenge that we inherited from the last Government.