The Government are committed to rolling out school-based nurseries.
I would welcome the opportunity to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those issues further.
I assure the Education Secretary that we are very positive about schooling in this country.
I am sure that she will want to thank all school leaders for their work to help English schools to soar up the rankings for the programme for international student assessment and programme for international student assessment rankings—PISA and TIMMS—but will she join me in sending personal congratulations to Katharine Birbalsingh, whose approach to discipline, the curriculum and teacher-led instruction makes her school Michaela the best in the country?
I will always celebrate the fantastic work of our school leaders and teachers, because they are how we will drive high and rising standards across our school system.
The hon.
Gentleman and I probably have more in common than he realises.
He might recognise these words: “The greatest injustice in Britain today is that your life is still largely determined not by your efforts and talents but by where you come from, who your parents are and what schools you attend.
This is wrong.”
They are taken from the 2017 Conservative manifesto, which he was involved in writing.
This Government will right those wrongs and break the link between background— Order.
It might be easier if I say it.
One side says, “It’s all their fault,” and the other says, “They’ve been in power.”
That is the answer to every question.
I recently visited Heasandford primary school in my constituency, which  is in a dire state.
Will the Minister meet me and Lancashire county council to see what we can do to repair the school—the biggest in Lancashire by class number—and make sure that it is fit for children’s ambitions in Burnley?
We are committed to improving the condition of the estate through the annual funding programme.
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those issues further.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State to make a statement on plans for the reform of planning committees.
As the House will be aware, in our first King’s Speech in July the Government announced their intention to introduce a planning and infrastructure Bill, designed to streamline the delivery of essential housing and infrastructure across the country and support sustained economic growth.
We made clear at the time that an important component of that Bill would be measures to modernise the operation of planning committees.
Planning committees play a vital role in providing local democratic oversight of planning decisions.
However, if we are to undo the damage that the previous Government did to housing supply in this country and deliver homes in the places that our communities need, we must ensure that they are operating as effectively as possible.
As we look to develop Government policy in this area, we are determined to avoid the mistakes of previous Conservative Administrations, who were rightly criticised for bringing forward planning legislation without sufficient engagement or consultation.
We also want to ensure that the changes to the operation of planning committees that we ultimately take forward are as robust as possible, drawing on feedback from those who navigate England’s planning system on a daily basis.
That is why today we have published a working paper that sets out our initial thinking for modernising planning committees.
This is just the latest in a series of working papers on planning reform, and it is explicitly designed to kick-start engagement before we launch a formal Government consultation on a more detailed proposition.
As such, I assure Members across the House that there will be plenty of opportunity to engage with and debate these matters in the months ahead.
The working paper seeks views on three potential changes: first, a national scheme of delegation, setting out which types of planning applications should be determined at committee and which by expert planning officers.
We believe that that would bring clarity and consistency to both applicants and communities about how applications are determined.
Secondly, the introduction of dedicated committees for strategic development would allow members of those committees to dedicate energy to the most significant projects.
Thirdly, the introduction of mandatory planning training for committee members would enable applicants to be confident in the knowledge of those making these decisions.
Taken together, the changes are designed to help streamline local planning decision making, maximise the use of professional skills and judgment of trained planners, and focus the time of elected councillors on the most significant or controversial applications.
As I said a moment ago, the working paper published today is merely the start of our engagement with the sector on this important issue.
It is not a firm set of confirmed proposals, and we will use discussions in the new year to  refine our approach.
We will then prepare final policy proposals, on which we will launch a consultation in the usual way.
Let me finish by making it clear that the proposals that we are testing through the publication of this working paper are merely one part of a much wider set of reforms to the ailing planning system that we inherited from the previous Government.
I look forward to updating hon.
Members as we proceed to deliver on other aspects of the Government’s ambitious housing and planning agenda.
Many of us were surprised to hear the Secretary of State tell us over the weekend that there are enough homes in this country.
The planning system is an area of interest to all Members and to our constituents; I know it is to you in particular, Mr Speaker, and to your constituency.
Planning matters, because it impacts the look and feel of our communities.
It has been the subject of numerous parliamentary questions, both at the Dispatch Box and in writing.
In response to all those questions, we have been told to await the national planning policy framework.
It therefore seems a discourtesy to us to hear so much about the proposed reforms to the planning system in a series of media interviews over the weekend.
Some questions emerge from this.
It is clear from the Department’s figures that 96% of planning applications are decided on by officers using delegated powers.
That is up from 75% in 2000.
It is that 4% to which the local democratic voice is so relevant.
On the planning reform working paper, first, what assessment has been made of the impact on local democracy—for example, on the ability of ward councillors to call in a controversial application, or on cases in which reserved matters are approved, but then there is a breach by the developer, so the application needs to come back before a committee for further consideration and enforcement?
Given that 89% of major applications are decided within either 13 weeks or the agreed deadlines, will the full council still be able to call in major strategic applications that will have a significant impact on their area?
Already, 87% of applications are granted by local authorities; will neighbourhood plans retain the legal status that enables the communities that write them to have a say on what goes on in their area?
Given that 83% of minor applications are already agreed within timescale, who in the local authority will decide whether a matter is to be referred to a committee?
Given the huge increase in housing planning permissions granted under the previous Government, when do the Government intend to start work on getting developers developing and builders building, rather than tinkering with a democratic system that has already delivered more than 1 million homes with consent in England?
I have to say, it is quite rich hearing the hon.
Gentleman crow about planning permissions in the system.
We are experiencing the lowest number of planning permissions and completions for a decade, as a result of the Conservatives’ changes to the national planning policy framework, made in December 2023, which torpedoed supply and hit growth across this country.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked about the NPPF.
We fully intend to bring forward a revised NPPF before the end of the year.
These changes do not relate to the NPPF,  as I made clear in my initial response.
We are consulting, in an initial sense, on the changes before bringing forward formal proposals for consultation alongside the planning and infrastructure Bill—another part of the Government’s reform agenda.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly made it clear that 96% of decisions are already made by planning officers.
The other 4% of decisions, though, are incredibly important; they represent a substantial portion of total units in the planning process, because many major applications go to a planning committee for consideration.
While we know that there is good practice out there, the number and type of applications that committees consider still varies widely between local planning authorities.
Some committee decisions are not made in accordance with material planning considerations, and some committees repeatedly revisit or relitigate developments that have already been considered by elected members through the local plan process.
We need to streamline the local planning system in order to provide the homes and places that we need, and to empower trained planning professionals to get the best use out of the system.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked about neighbourhood plans.
I have been very clear on several occasions in the House that the protections for neighbourhood plans in the NPPF will remain.
As well as firm proposals on this proposition around modernising planning committees, we will bring forward further details about changes to the national planning policy framework in due course.
My hon.
Friend will know that I am passionately committed to local councils and local democracy, but does he understand the frustration that many of us feel when a planning authority democratically approves a local plan after consulting the community, but then, when an application is made to build homes, the same councillors turn down the application, despite it being consistent with the local plan?
Is the Minister’s main objective to try to remove that sort of decision making, which holds up the whole process, and to ensure, in consultation with the Local Government Association and others in local government, that we can find a better way forward, so that we can get the permissions to build the homes that the country badly needs?