Before the election, Labour promised to let businesses spend 50% of their apprenticeship levy money on non-apprenticeships, but now Ministers say the commitment is under review.
Ministers are taking away the flexibility of businesses to spend their own money on level 7 apprenticeships—a big change to the principles of the levy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm when the review of her own policy will conclude, and will she rule out doing to level 6 apprenticeships what she is doing to level 7 apprenticeships?
We remain committed to reforming the failing apprenticeship levy and turning it into a growth and skills levy with up to 50% flexibility for employers, driving new opportunities in growth areas across our country, alongside ensuring that we deliver many more apprenticeship starts for our young people.
We inherited a situation where apprenticeship starts were falling at a time when we urgently need to invest in the skills of the next generation.
We will work with business through Skills England to drive forward what is required for adult learners as well as young people.
What steps she is taking to support creative education in schools.
All children deserve a rich and broad education so that they do not miss out on subjects, such as music, art and drama.
As part of our opportunity mission, we have launched an independent, expert-led curriculum and assessment review, and we are committed to ensuring that young people are supported to study creative subjects.
Over the past 14 years, the amount of creative education, particularly at primary level, has been reducing and reducing, so I welcome what the Minister said.
There is evidence that doing creative things and learning creative subjects improves our wellbeing, mental health and academic learning.
Would the Minister support my campaign to bring musical instrument teaching to every primary school in the country, not just the more well-off ones?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great wisdom.
We have confirmed £79 million of funding for a national network of music hubs to give children and young people the opportunity to learn to sing or play an instrument, to create music and to progress their musical interests and talents.
We have also launched the music opportunities pilot, with £5.8 million of funding over four years to support students with special educational needs and disabilities and those with less means to access the opportunities to do so.