Because of the increase in national insurance, the Early Years Alliance is warning of a 20% increase in fees for early years parents, which affects nurseries and things like paid-for breakfast clubs.
It says that the Budget will be a “recipe for total disaster”, with up to four in 10 early years providers closing unless drastic action is taken.
As a first step towards averting that disaster, will the Secretary of State now agree to publish the Department’s estimate of how much the national insurance increase will cost early years providers?
If she will not publish it, why not?
Does the House not deserve to have this information?
I take the concerns of early years providers very seriously indeed, and we will set out in due course the funding rates and the approach that we are taking.
The hon.
Gentleman and the Conservative  party are very keen to complain about and criticise the measures that we set out in the Budget, yet the Leader of the Opposition herself said that she would refuse to reverse them.
They want all the benefits—the teachers, the breakfast clubs and rising standards—but they are not prepared to take the tough decisions that are necessary.
As a former Treasury Minister, the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , should know better, because she saw the scale of the fiscal inheritance that this Government inherited from her party.
What steps she is taking to improve teacher recruitment and retention in Portsmouth North constituency.
What steps she is taking to improve teacher recruitment and retention.
As the first step towards our opportunity mission, we have begun the critical work of recruiting 6,500 new expert teachers.
We have fully funded a 5.5% pay award, begun Ofsted reform, and taken steps to make teachers’ work more flexible and ensure that workloads are more manageable.
I am determined to reset the relationship between Government and the workforce to drive high and rising standards for all our children.
At a recent local public meeting in Paulsgrove, Portsmouth, parents raised concerns about school provision and the learning environment.
As a local authority, we sit in the bottom three in the league tables.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking not only to improve recruitment and retention in specialist subjects, but to ensure that there are key staff in specialist areas, where different learning environments are needed in our classrooms?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the challenges that we face in particular parts of the country, and there are no greater champions of Portsmouth than her and the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) .
We are taking steps to ensure that teaching is the go-to profession for our best graduates, as well as ensuring that we keep experienced, well-qualified professionals in teaching.
On specialist support, we have set out measures around SEND reform and additional investment to address the challenges that my hon.
Friend identifies.
I begin by thanking all the teachers, support staff and senior leaders in my constituency of Southgate and Wood Green, and across the country, for their hard work ensuring that our children receive the high quality education they deserve.
Teachers’ pay, their workload and the environment in which they work have been highlighted as reasons why they leave the profession.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell the House what steps she is taking to address the reasons for teachers quitting the profession?
I join my hon.
Friend in praising the amazing teachers and support staff in his constituency and across our country for the vital work that they do.
I want to ensure not only that we keep teachers in the profession but that they thrive in it, which is why I was pleased to agree to the recommendation of a 5.5% pay award, but we know that there is much more to do to keep experienced, dedicated staff in the profession.
I know from speaking to many of them that many of the challenges they face go way beyond the school gate.
That is why I am proud to lead the work on child poverty, together with the Work and Pensions Secretary, to address some of the drivers of workload and pressures that many of our school staff are facing.
Some 9,000 women in their 30s left teaching in 2022-23.
This is the single biggest age group leaving teaching in Bath and across the country.
Will the Government improve maternity pay for teachers and teaching assistants?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that challenge, and I have used that statistic many times myself.
I am really concerned about the big numbers of experienced women, particularly those in their 30s, who leave teaching because they find it too difficult to combine work with family life.
That is why, as part of what we have set out to the School Teachers Review Body process, we have asked it to look specifically at some of those challenges.
As part of our wider work across Government to make work pay, we are ensuring better rights at work and that maternity protections are rolled out for workers across our country.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which shows that I am in the 19th year of being a proud primary school governor.
The Secretary of State will know that schools are led by teachers but also that many volunteers go towards making our schools the brilliant places of learning that they are.
Too many of the schools in my constituency have vacancies for governors.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what she is doing to increase the recruitment and retention of school governors?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on the important work that she does as a school governor.
They are the unsung heroes across our communities in terms of the support they provide to our schools.
I recognise the increasing challenge that she sets out around how we can ensure that people come forward to take on those important roles.
That is why we have been working with the bodies representing governors to ensure that we attract more people into those important roles to drive forward standards in our schools.
What steps she is taking to increase the availability of breakfast clubs in primary schools.
What steps she is taking to increase the availability of breakfast clubs in primary schools.
Schools with primary age pupils can now apply to become early adopters of the universal free breakfast club programme starting from April 2025.
Up to 750 participating schools will be funded to provide access to a free universal breakfast club lasting at least 30 minutes that includes food.
In my constituency, parents speak to me about their worries and concerns regarding education provision and support.
These range from being able to get their children into a good local school to how they will be able to continue to work while parenting.
Will my hon.
Friend outline further the benefits that breakfast clubs will bring to parents and pupils in constituencies such as mine?
This Government are committed to making quick progress to deliver on our commitment to offer a free breakfast club in every primary school to ensure that children are ready to learn at the start of the school day.
The Chancellor has announced a tripling of investment in breakfast clubs, driving improvements to behaviour, attendance and attainment and, for parents, more choices over childcare.
I have contacted all the primary schools in my constituency to encourage them to become early adopters.
Child poverty in my constituency stands at 12.1%, and food bank use has risen by 433% over the last five years.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that breakfast clubs will be part of the solution by helping to lift children out of poverty, giving them food in their belly to start the school day and encouraging their parents back into part-time employment?
Parents and carers up and down the country are still struggling with the cost of living.
As part of our mission to bring down barriers to opportunity, breakfast clubs give parents and carers the confidence that their child can access a breakfast, should they need one, and we are supporting families to work with the cost of childcare.
It is a pity that the Conservatives cannot say whether they back our plan to deliver better life chances for all children in all parts of the country.
Nurseries and the small businesses that provide before and after-school clubs are being whacked by national insurance increases, and there is little clarity from the Government about how these breakfast clubs will work, which has the potential to undermine another part of their business model.
What representations has the Education Secretary made to the Chancellor to deal with the massive hole that she has blown in her plans?
We take no lectures from the Conservative party on how it failed children over the last 14 years.
I have heard providers’ concerns about early years funding, and I recognise the importance of local authorities and providers planning ahead for the pivotal expansion year.
We will be updating the House very soon on that issue.
Recently I met my constituent Farhan Adam, a winner of headmaster of the year, who lamented the fact that he spends more  time addressing issues such as food insecurity than doing what he loves, which is teaching.
This is not surprising as, according to the Food Foundation, approximately 18% of households with children are experiencing food insecurity.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in addition to breakfast clubs, lifting the two-child cap would help to alleviate this problem?
Breakfast clubs offer a huge amount, including food and club provision.
I encourage the hon.
Member to consider that for roll-out in his constituency.
More broadly, he will be aware of the ministerial taskforce focused on child poverty, which will report in the new year.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that SEN provision is adequately funded.
The Government recognise that breaking down barriers to opportunity for children with special educational needs and disabilities will take a cross-Government approach.
To that end, I recently met the Minister for Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , to discuss how we can work together to solve some of the challenges.
The Department for Education is committed to ensuring adequate support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, and recently announced £740 million of capital funding to support children with SEN to learn and thrive in mainstream settings.
A recent National Audit Office report makes it clear that, without reform, the SEN system is financially unsustainable.
The Minister will know that, since 2020, local authorities such as Buckinghamshire council have been able to exclude their dedicated school grant deficits from their main revenue budgets.
That statutory override means that local authorities do not breach their duty to set a balanced budget, but it is due to end in March 2026, and there is currently no identified solution.
Can the Minister share more on what urgent conversations she is having with colleagues to ensure that local authorities get the certainty they need?
The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government regulations, which ringfence dedicated support grant deficits from councils’ wider financial position, were amended.
The statutory override goes up to March 2026, when it expires, and we are currently considering how best to continue support for local authorities with deficits.
Fundamentally, this is about reforming the system to ensure that more children can be educated within a mainstream setting, and that we have special school places available for those with the most complex needs.
Perranporth academy in my constituency plans to provide significant SEN provision, but it is one of 44 schools currently under a value-for-money review.
As of last week, the head of Perranporth primary school had not been consulted on this.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the plight of Perranporth academy?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concerns, and we recognise the unprecedented pressures that local authorities are under.
High needs funding, which we recently increased, will benefit both mainstream schools and special schools because we will ensure the funding reaches children who need it.
However, I recognise the issues and concerns that he raises, and will be happy to arrange a meeting to discuss this further.