This bill would direct the United States Postmaster General to

issue a forever stamp to commemorate the life and work of Bayard

Rustin.
I introduce this bill with Congressman Ritchie Torres.
We

introduce this bill now to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the

March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, which occurred on August 28,

1963, and the anniversary of Rustin's death, which occurred on August

24, 1987.
Born March 17, 1912, Bayard Rustin became one of the most important

leaders in the 20th century civil rights movement.
At a young age,

Rustin learned the values of nonviolence and peacekeeping from his

grandparents' Quaker faith, and he would continue to build these values

into his life as a civil rights movement leader.
Rustin attended City College of New York, where he joined a

progressive club that aimed to remedy racial issues during turbulent

times.
His time with the club was short-lived, but it inspired him to

join the Fellowship of Reconciliation, an organization that became a

champion for labor rights, equity and world peace.
Rustin's time with the Fellowship of Reconciliation led him to become

a leader in the 1947 ``Journey to Reconciliation,'' where white and

Black people across the South rode buses together to challenge

segregation laws, a precursor to the Freedom Rides.
Rustin was an advisor in Martin Luther King, Jr.'s inner circle as

King advocated pacifism and nonviolence for achieving equal treatment

for African Americans.
Rustin applied his brilliant strategic mind to

execute aggressive, peaceful action in the civil rights movement and

throughout his life as an activist.
His most important role was as the chief organizer of the historic

March on Washington, the largest demonstration ever organized at the

time, in which a quarter of a million people turned out to demand civil

rights for African Americans.
In the years after the civil rights movement, Rustin, a gay man,

inspired others to advocate for and to achieve rights for LGBTQ people.
He remained a strategist and public speaker for workers' rights

movements, including co-founding the A. Philip Randolph Institute, an

organization for Black trade union members.
Rustin remained committed

to promoting social good, and advocating for the disenfranchised, until

his death.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BOARD OF ZONING ADJUSTMENT

HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Board of Zoning Adjustment Home Rule Act.
This bill would give the

District of Columbia the authority to appoint the members of the D.C.

Board of Zoning Adjustment (Board), except when the Board is performing

functions regarding an application by a foreign mission with respect to

a chancery.
The Board issues special exceptions, or variances, to the

regulations issued by the D.C. Zoning Commission (Commission).
This

bill would not alter the authority of the Board.
Under current law, in general, the Board consists of a representative

each from the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC), which is a

federal agency, and the Commission, each of whom may be a federal

official, and three mayoral appointees, subject to D.C. Council

approval.
The Board has no authority over federal property.
Under current law, when the Board is performing functions regarding

an application by a foreign mission with respect to the location,

expansion or replacement of a chancery, the Board consists of the

Executive Director of NCPC, the Director of the National Park Service

(or, if the President so designates, the Secretary of Defense, the

Secretary of the Interior or the Administrator of General Services) and

the three mayoral appointees.
This bill would not change this

composition.
D.C., like every other jurisdiction in the United States, should be

free to set its own local land-use policies.
This bill is an important

step to increase home rule for D.C. I urge my colleagues to support it.