From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 85TH BIRTHDAY OF JOHN TOWNSEND

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish John

Townsend a happy 85th birthday.
John is a native of Talladega County, Alabama.
He resides in

Fayetteville with his wife, Lola M. Townsend.
They have been married

for 56 years.
He has one son, John Townsend, Jr., who is married to

Brenda Townsend and one daughter, Victoria Cook, who is married to

Alfred Cook, Sr.
Mr. Townsend is blessed with six grandchildren: Jalane, Daria.
Alfred, Jr., Johntavis, Cameron, and Alexandria.
He has 8 great-

grandchildren with the youngest 2 of them twin boys.
Mr. Townsend worked for Avondale Mills for more than 29 years before

he retired.
He also worked for Parker Fertilizer for many years.
In his free time, Mr. Townsend enjoys gardening and spending time

with his family.
To

celebrate this milestone, Mr. Townsend is celebrating his 85th birthday

at Top of the River restaurant with his family and friends.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing John Townsend a very happy

85th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEMBERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF THE

PEOPLE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED

STATES

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I am here today to extend my deepest

appreciation and profound gratitude to the extraordinary legislative

fellows who have graced my office with their unwavering dedication and

unyielding commitment.
Members of Congress know well, perhaps better than most, how blessed

our Nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men

and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities,

states and the Nation in the areas of business, education, law,

government, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military.
We know this because we see them and the benefits from their

contributions every day.
Many of them work for us in our offices as

junior staff members, congressional fellows, or interns and they do

amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to

represent.
Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to

serve a cause larger than ourselves.
That is why I ran for public office.
I was inspired to serve by so

many great public figures that came before me.
I was inspired to serve

by President Kennedy who said, ``Ask not what your country can do for

you, ask what you can do for your country,'' and by the Rev. Dr. Martin

Luther King, Jr. who said: ``Everybody can be great because anybody can

serve. . . .
You only need a heart full of grace.
A soul generated by

love.''
By this measure there are several other great young men and women who

served as legislative fellows this Spring and Summer in my office.
Each

day, they exemplified the highest standards of excellence, bringing

forth fresh perspectives, innovative ideas, and an unrelenting drive to

effect positive change within our cherished community.
Their tireless

efforts to address the diverse needs and pressing concerns of our

constituents resonate deeply with the values we hold dear.
In the pursuit of serving the constituents of the 18th Congressional

District of Texas, their contributions have been nothing short of

remarkable.
That is why today I rise to pay tribute to 14 extraordinary young

persons for their service to my constituents of the 18th Congressional

District of Texas and to the American people.