It is a privilege to celebrate the service of

Lieutenant Commander Robertson and the barriers she has broken through

her service in the United States Navy.
This has made her an inspiration

and role model for countless young women and service members.
I am

honored to represent the third district of South Carolina and to

celebrate the exceptional individuals who make a difference in our

community and country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFELONG COMMUNITY SERVICE OF FLO BELLAMY

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a truly remarkable

individual, Ms. Flo Bellamy, whose dedication, passion, and selfless

service to the citizens of Johnson County, Tennesse, have left an

indelible mark on our community.
I have personally witnessed Flo's unwavering commitment to the youth

of our community.
One of Flo's most outstanding attributes is the

genuine love she extends to each child, and it is on display every day

at the Community Center.
This is a woman who, for three years, worked

without a salary, driven by a vision to establish an afterschool and

summer program for our youth.
Her sacrifices, from collecting

essentials for the disadvantaged to ensuring that many children receive

their only meal outside of the school system, showcase her

unprecedented dedication.
In addition to her work with the youth, Flo has been a beacon of hope

for cancer patients, assisting them in navigating their journey, from

finding care to arranging transportation to medical appointments.
Her

connection to this cause is personal and sincere.
Having witnessed the

devastating effects of cancer in her own family, Flo took the reins of

the American Cancer Society's county-wide walk for cancer.
Even as the

names and structures of these efforts evolved, Flo's leadership

remained constant, her shift from fundraising for research to directly

benefiting local cancer patients made a significant difference in the

lives of many.
Furthermore, Flo's teachings have sowed the seeds of understanding,

tolerance, and unity.
She taught respect for all, regardless of race,

religion, or disability.
Due to her influence, I firmly believe that

the younger generation in our community now embraces differences more

openly and warmly than ever before.
However, the testament to Flo's legacy isn't just in the programs she

led or the funds she raised.
It's in the heartfelt stories of grown

adults, once children under her wing, who approach her in public to

express their gratitude and love.
It's in the newfound perspectives and

attitudes she fostered in a community that has historically faced its

own set of challenges.
As I stand here, my heart swells with gratitude for Flo Bellamy.
Her

decades-long service, from leading the Johnson County--Mountain City

Community Center to being an unwavering advocate for the most

vulnerable, has left a mark that will echo across generations.
We all

owe her an immense debt of gratitude.
I invite my colleagues and the citizens of Johnson County to join me

in saluting our precious Flo.
Her work and her spirit embody the very

best of our community.
We love and cherish her, and I am honored to

have this opportunity to recognize her monumental contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS.
SUE AUGUSTINE

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague,

Rep. Mike Thompson, to honor the life and lasting contributions of Mrs.

Sue Augustine, longtime Solano County resident.
Passing away at 82,

Mrs. Augustine leaves behind an indelible legacy of love, leadership,

and service to her community and family.
Born in 1940, in Detroit, Michigan, Mrs. Augustine demonstrated a

hardworking and tenacious spirit from a young age.
After graduating

from St. Mary's High School in Mount Clemens, Michigan, she worked as a

receptionist and switchboard operator for the City of Mt. Clements,

where she met and married Mr. Len Augustine.