Title: CELEBRATING BRIGADIER GENERAL MATTHEW HIGER'S CAREER OF SERVICE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
136

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BRIGADIER GENERAL MATTHEW HIGER'S CAREER OF SERVICE

HON.
MIKE GARCIA

Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

a lifelong patriot and soldier who has proudly served our great Nation

in uniform for more than 30 years.
After a storied career marked by

professional exceptionalism and taking on new challenges without

hesitation, Brigadier General Matthew Higer will be enjoying his well-

earned retirement.
While the team at Edwards Air Force Base will surely

miss his leadership, General Higer will undoubtedly be enjoying the

opportunity to spend more time with loved ones.
Prior to his command of the 412th Test Wing.
General Higer began his

career attending some of our nation's finest military learning

institutions, earning his commission from the Air Force Officer Reserve

Training Corps at the University of Southern California and going on to

attend the United States Army War College and the United States Naval

Postgraduate School.
Between his stints at these schools, General Higer

served as a test pilot, evaluator pilot, and instructor pilot.
No

matter which role he was serving in at the time, Higer consistently

distinguished himself from his fellow airmen through his hard work

ethic and commitment to the pursuit of excellence.
Over

the course of his career, General Higer has piloted 40 different types

of aircraft and accrued over 3,000 military flight hours.
General Higer is concluding his admirable career at Edwards Air Force

Base as commander of the 412th Test Wing, but this was not his first

time in what is first time in California's ``Aerospace Valley''.
He

first came here as a student-pilot in 2003, attending the world-famous

U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School and setting himself apart from the

rest of his class with his skill and tenacity.
While he went on to

fulfill different roles around the country, General Higer couldn't stay

away from Edwards AFB for long.
He returned in 2017 and served as

Commandant for the same test pilot school he graduated from as a young

soldier, and later ascended to the position of Commander for the 412th

Test Wing.
Under his leadership, Edwards Air Force Base has remained

the center of the flight testing universe, overseeing the testing of

such programs as the F-16, T-38, T-7 A, F-22, F-35, C-12, C-17, KC-135,

KC-46.
B-1, B-2, B-52, B-21.
Because of the work of General Higer and

the brave men and women under his command, our nation is better

prepared and equipped for the future and positioned to exceed our

enemies in next-generation air dominance.
Once again, I want to recognize and sincerely thank Brigadier General

Higer for his lifetime of service to our great Nation.
I know myself,

our community, and all those at the 412th Test Wing will be wishing him

nothing but happiness and prosperity in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SPC CHARLIE SIMPSON, JR.
HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and

heroism of U.S. Army Specialist Charlie Simpson, Jr. Mr. Simpson was

drafted into the United States Army in 1968 and went to Basic Training

in Fort Ord, California.
After Basic Training, he successfully

completed Advanced Infantry Training and later, Jump Training School.
He then received orders to join our brave soldiers in Vietnam.
Mr. Simpson was injured on November 1, 1969, while serving the United

States of America, and he was hospitalized in Japan for 30 days.
He

returned home to the U.S. in December 1969, and recuperated at the

Fitzsimons General Hospital in Denver, Colorado, for 1 year.
As a

result of his combat service-connected injuries, Mr. Simpson lost both

of his legs.