Passing away at 82,

Mrs. Augustine leaves behind an indelible legacy of love, leadership,

and service to her community and family.
Born in 1940, in Detroit, Michigan, Mrs. Augustine demonstrated a

hardworking and tenacious spirit from a young age.
After graduating

from St. Mary's High School in Mount Clemens, Michigan, she worked as a

receptionist and switchboard operator for the City of Mt. Clements,

where she met and married Mr. Len Augustine.
Mr. Augustine's service in the Air Force brought their family all

over the world, ultimately leading them to establish a permanent home

in Vacaville.
Mrs. Augustine was a critical member of the Solano County

community, working as a library assistant at both Vacaville libraries

and volunteering for numerous charities.
From crocheting for Hearts and

Hands to supporting St. Mary's Church to serving at the Church Food

Locker, Mrs. Augustine embodied the spirit of generosity and

selflessness in every aspect of her life.
Mrs. Augustine will be remembered not only for her years of service

to Solano County, but also for her genuine kindness and compassion.
Her

willingness to lend an ear and a helping hand to anyone in need earned

her the widespread respect and gratitude of her community.
Mrs.

Augustine impacted the lives of countless members of her community and

her steadfast leadership, constant smile, and patient mentorship

undeniably enhanced the lives of her fellow Solano County residents.
Mrs. Augustine's enduring spirit will live on in her loving husband,

son, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.
We would like to extend

our deepest sympathies to Mrs. Augustine's loved ones.
We know that

they, along with the people of Solano County, join us in celebrating

her life and legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE STAFFORD NAACP FOR 67 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stafford

County NAACP in honor of 67 years of service to the community.
Founded in 1956, the Stafford County NAACP has worked tirelessly ``to

ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of

rights of all persons and to eliminate race-based discrimination,''

working to build a better future for everyone in Stafford County.
As the first and longest-serving president of the Stafford County

NAACP, Frank White, Sr.
laid the groundwork for this branch's long-term

commitment to service.
His legacy continues through his son, Frank

White, Jr.--an active member.
Under the current leadership of President Yolanda Roussell, the

Stafford County NAACP continues to be a beacon in the community through

its activism, partnerships with local churches, support for Black-owned

businesses, voter registration drives, and community forums on African

American history, public education, and mental health.
The Stafford County NAACP brings the entire community together for

large celebrations--including the Stafford County NAACP Martin Luther

King, Jr. Celebration and the Stafford County NAACP Juneteenth

Commemoration and Celebration.
These events would not have been

possible without the hard work of its members.
The Stafford County NAACP has demonstrated a fervent commitment to

our communities and an extraordinary devotion to the strength and

prosperity of our Commonwealth.
As the U.S. Representative for

Virginia's Seventh District, I am honored to recognize this

organization for its tremendous record of service to Stafford County--

and I thank the Stafford County NAACP for building a stronger Virginia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BAYARD RUSTIN STAMP ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Bayard Rustin Stamp

Act.
This bill would direct the United States Postmaster General to

issue a forever stamp to commemorate the life and work of Bayard

Rustin.
I introduce this bill with Congressman Ritchie Torres.
We

introduce this bill now to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the

March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, which occurred on August 28,

1963, and the anniversary of Rustin's death, which occurred on August

24, 1987.