Mr. Simpson was injured on November 1, 1969, while serving the United

States of America, and he was hospitalized in Japan for 30 days.
He

returned home to the U.S. in December 1969, and recuperated at the

Fitzsimons General Hospital in Denver, Colorado, for 1 year.
As a

result of his combat service-connected injuries, Mr. Simpson lost both

of his legs.
He received an honorable discharge in 1970, and he was

recognized for his tremendous service with the awarding of a Purple

Heart and other prestigious medals.
With such serious injuries, some

would have given up, but that's not Charlie Simpson's way.
After his

discharge from the Army, Mr. Simpson returned home to Malvern,

Arkansas, where he met his wife, Brenda, and where they made a

tremendously full life together.
The Simpsons have 5 children: Aaronda

McNair and her husband, Tony, Veronica Rose and her husband, Cletis,

Charlie Simpson, III and his wife, Nikya, Leticia Franklin and her

husband, Kevin, and their dearly beloved, deceased son, Aaron Simpson.
They have also been blessed with 11 grandchildren and 2 great-

grandchildren to carry-on the legacy of their brave grandfather and

great-grandfather.
Mr. Speaker, we often mention the sacrifices our men and women in

uniform and their families make for our country, and rightly so.
But

today, along with our thanks, let us also celebrate the good work and

contributions these soldiers, airmen, and marines have made in their

communities.
I would like to thank Specialist Simpson for his

tremendous sacrifice for our nation and wish him well as he continues

working for the people of Malvern, Arkansas.
All Arkansans are

eternally grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF LIEUTENANT COMMANDER JUDITH ROBERTSON

HON.
JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable career

of Lieutenant Commander Judith Robertson.
Lieutenant Commander

Robertson, a resident of Easley for nearly three decades, was the first

female Physician Assistant in the United States Navy and a trailblazer

in her field.
In 1974, Lieutenant Commander Judith Robertson entered the United

States Navy and later graduated from the Sheppard Air Force Base's

Physician Assistant Program with a Bachelor of Science and a Master of

Physician Assistant Studies from the University of Nebraska.
Ultimately, earned the title of the first female Physician Assistant,

paving the way for countless women to follow in her footsteps.
During

her time in the U.S. Navy, she used her knowledge and training to

provide OB/GYN services to Vietnam refugees at Talega Camp Pendleton,

California.
Her dedication and commitment to serving her country is

evident in her 30-plus years of active service, during which she

exemplified the highest standards of professionalism and excellence.
For her service, she was awarded three Navy and Marine Corps

Commendation Medals, two National Defense Service medals, the

Meritorious Unit Commendation, the Good Conduct Medal, and the

Humanitarian Service Medal.
Since she retired from active duty in 1998, Lieutenant Commander

Robertson's passion for helping others has not waned.
Since settling

down in Easley, South Carolina, she has continued to contribute to her

community as a volunteer at Easley Baptist Hospital, selflessly giving

her time and expertise to assist those in need.
Her humility and

willingness to serve are attributes that make her an invaluable member

of her community.
Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Commander Judith Robertson's tireless

dedication and unwavering commitment to service, in both the United

States Navy and Easley Baptist Hospital, have left a lasting impact on

my constituency.
It is a privilege to celebrate the service of

Lieutenant Commander Robertson and the barriers she has broken through

her service in the United States Navy.
This has made her an inspiration

and role model for countless young women and service members.
I am

honored to represent the third district of South Carolina and to

celebrate the exceptional individuals who make a difference in our

community and country.