Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a life well lived.
I'm saddened to announce the passing of an American hero, retired U.S. Navy Commander Allan Randolph (``Randy'')
Topp.
I'm honored to help tell his story because I think it's a life that should be memorialized in these hallowed halls, and we here in Congress sometimes need reminding of what it is to lead a life well lived.
Born in 1953 in Atlanta, GA, Randy was known for his playful glimmer throughout his childhood.
He decided to attend Vanderbilt University and graduated in 1975 with a double major in Economics and Latin American Studies.
After graduating, he began a 20-year career as an officer in the U.S. Navy piloting P-3 Orions, serving on the USS Constellation, and leading Training Squadron Six (VT-6) as its Executive Officer and Commanding Officer.
He retired from military service with the rank of Commander in 1996, but his professional life was far from over.
Randy continued his career with the Raytheon Company in Tucson, AZ, before fully retiring in 2018 to spend more time with his family.
Throughout his career, Randy was a lifetime learner.
He continued his education beyond the undergraduate level and received not 1, but 3 masters' degrees: the first, an MBA from the University of New Hampshire, the second, an MS in Electrical Engineering, and the third, an MS in Systems Technology (Space Systems Operations) from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, CA.
He is even a named inventor on multiple patents from his time with Raytheon.
What the accolades and accomplishments don't tell us is just how much passing, one of his Navy shipmates commented, ``Randy was... a great pilot, but also 1 of the fun guys every group needs to keep everything in perspective and moving together.
I met him again years later while with Raytheon, and he was still the same great guy...
Truly a man to be admired; I'm happy to have known him.''
This same spirit carried through to his time with his grandchildren, with whom he was excited to experience life.
He introduced them to