Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of a former First Lady of the United States, former First Lady of Georgia, a devoted wife, loving mother, proud grandmother and great-grandmother, tireless advocate, and dear friend, 
Mrs. Rosalynn Carter.
Mrs. Carter transitioned from this life on November 19, 2023.
On August 18, 2025, a wreath was laid at her burial site in Plains, Georgia to commemorate her birthday and all she did to serve humankind.
Rosalynn Carter was born and raised in Plains, Georgia to the union of Wilburn Edgar Smith and Frances Allethea ``Allie'' Murray Smith.
She graduated as valedictorian of Plains High School and then attended Georgia Southwestern College--now Georgia Southwestern State University--in Americus, Georgia where she served as Vice President of her class and graduated in 1946.
In 1945 she began dating James Earl ``Jimmy'' Carter, Jr., also from Plains and whose family farmed peanuts.
Jimmy was attending the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, at the time.
Jimmy and Rosalynn married in Plains on July 7, 1946, and they would go on to spend seventy-seven cherished years together.
In 1953, following the death of President Carter's father, the Carters returned to Plains and 
Mrs. Carter assumed responsibility for bookkeeping at the family peanut farm and established herself as an essential part of the business.
After Jimmy was elected to the Georgia State Senate in 1962, Rosalynn's role on the peanut farm grew, especially while he traveled to Atlanta for legislative sessions.
In 1970, 
Senator Jimmy Carter launched his campaign for governor and Rosalynn took a leading role on the campaign trail.
In addition to handling most of her husband's political correspondence and meeting with constituents, 
Mrs. Carter began to travel across the state of Georgia to campaign on his behalf.
From 1971 to 1975, as First Lady of Georgia, she was an equal partner and close advisor to Governor Carter and dedicated herself to improving mental health services, serving on the Governor's Commission to Improve Services for the Mentally and Emotionally Handicapped where she formally began working on one of her foremost initiatives: improving and breaking the stigma surrounding mental health.
Before returning to Plains, Jimmy had already announced he was running for President in the 1976 election.
Rosalynn was by his side, as always, and hit the road to talk with voters across the country.
She told people why she believed this soft-spoken, Georgia peanut farmer should become president.
In November of 1976, Jimmy Carter became President-elect of the United States and Rosalynn followed him to the White House where she would make her own mark in defining what it meant to be America's First Lady.
As First Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981, 
Mrs. Carter attended Cabinet meetings, worked on domestic policy, and served as Honorary Chair of the President's Commission on Mental Health.
In 1979, she testified before a U.S. Senate subcommittee in support of the Mental Health Systems Act, becoming the first First Lady since Eleanor Roosevelt to testify before Congress.
After leaving the White House, 
Mrs. Carter remained active in humanitarian work.
She and President Carter devoted decades to Habitat for Humanity, where they built and repaired homes in communities around the world.
In 1982, they founded the Carter Center, a nonprofit human rights organization, which has since become famous for its work to eradicate disease, strengthen democracies, and alleviate human suffering all around the world.
In 1987, she established the Rosalynn Carter Institute for Caregivers at Georgia Southwestern State University, which continues to support those caring for loved ones with chronic illnesses or disabilities.
Over the course of her life, Rosalynn received numerous awards and honors, including being inducted into the National Women's