Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Minnesotan, Joan Growe, ahead of her 90th birthday on September 28, 2025.
Born Joan Ruth Anderson in 1935, Joan was introduced to public service early in her life.
Her father, Arthur Anderson, served as mayor of her hometown of Buffalo, Minnesota, where she would later graduate from Buffalo High School.
She then went on to earn a teaching degree from St. Cloud State University and spent the following years giving back to her community as a teacher and a homemaker.
In 1972, Joan launched a bid for an open seat in the Minnesota State Legislature.
While critics mocked her ``Housewives Campaign'', she embraced the network of women she'd met through the League of Women Voters.
She met people where they were, attending coffee parties, book clubs, and PTA meetings.
This coalition carried her to victory, and she spent her time in the Minnesota House fighting for election integrity and voting access.
She championed Minnesota's same-day voter registration law, the first of its kind in the Nation.
Her election as secretary of state in 1974 made her the first woman in Minnesota's history to win a statewide election without prior appointment.
Her 24-year tenure also made her the second longest serving secretary of state in our state's history.
During this time, she found creative ways to encourage voter participation, from voter education campaigns to friendly contests between cities.
As a result, Minnesota was named the Nation's ``Votingest State'' under her watch-- beginning a legacy of strong voter turnout that continues to this day.
Since leaving public office, Joan has worked tirelessly to ensure that all elections remain accessible and secure.
She has been selected to serve as an official election observer in various foreign elections and served on the advisory committee for the Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs at the University.
Her expertise in voting and elections is known worldwide, and she continues to make our state proud wherever she goes.
I thank Joan for everything she has done for our shared democratic values, for every glass ceiling that she's broken, and for being such a dear friend.
I wish her a Happy Birthday.