Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere admiration that I rise to recognize the 80th Anniversary of the Urban League of Northwest Indiana (NWI) and its invaluable contributions to our region.
I also congratulate Dr. Vanessa Allen-McCloud on 15 years of service as President and CEO of the Urban League of NWI.
Leaders and community members will gather to proudly celebrate these milestones at the Oak Jubilee Celebration at Indiana University Northwest in Gary, Indiana, on August 21, 2025.
On June 25, 1945, the Urban League of Gary was founded with the commitment to strive for equal opportunities for all citizens.
As an affiliate of the National Urban League, the organization was established to remove racial barriers that prevented African Americans from enjoying equal opportunities in housing, employment, education and the many other facets of American life.
The Board of Directors later reorganized in 1970 as the Urban League of NWI Inc. to better reflect their service to communities in Lake, Porter, and LaPorte Counties.
For 80 years, the Urban League of NWI has promoted, encouraged, and enhanced services to improve social, educational, and economic conditions for African Americans and other minority groups across Northwest Indiana.
The Urban League of NWI has played a pivotal role in the lives of countless residents, including advancing educational opportunities for low-income students through its annual scholarship fair at Indiana University Northwest.
The Urban League's grand impact on the Region would not be possible without its dedicated staff and the exceptional leadership.
Vanessa Allen-McCloud.
Her contributions as President and CEO over the past 15 years exemplify her commitment to civil service, education, and her community, serving as an inspiration for all in our region.
Dr. Allen-McCloud holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Organizational Leadership, a Master of Education, and a Doctorate in Educational Leadership and Administration.
She incorporates her rigorous academic background each day to maximize the support that the Urban League provides to its surrounding residents.
Dr. Allen-McCloud has received many prestigious awards for her work in the community and these, along with her numerous accomplishments leading the Urban League of NWI during the past 15 years, are a testament to her commendable character and work ethic.