This Bill is a major step forward, and it is time to legislate.
The majority of SLAPPs were thought to be linked to economic crime, but it is time to move on and make the definition more all-encompassing.
I will cover a couple of points raised by hon.
Members.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Bromwich East (Nicola Richards)  raised the Belton case again.
Information from all SLAPPs cases formed part of the call for evidence, so I can reassure her that the activities in the Belton case will be part of the foundation of this Bill.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Heywood and Middleton (Chris Clarkson)  spoke about forum shopping, which I will look at, and I am sure he will raise it in his customary fashion in Committee.
I am sure the hon.
Member for Caerphilly will urge him not to talk quite as much as he promises.
It is a credit to this Parliament that Members of all parties have rallied to support action on this issue and to introduce new laws to help ensure the integrity of our justice system and to support the freedoms and protections that we all cherish.
In some ways, a private Member’s Bill is the most fitting way to complete what the Government started.
I have spoken about the work we are doing with the Solicitors Regulation Authority to ensure that it tightens up its regulation, and we will continue to engage with it.
I pay tribute to the UK Anti-SLAPP Coalition, which has been an enormously effective stakeholder.
The coalition has supported the Government’s efforts, and I thank it for its consistent engagement and clarity on this issue.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport launched the SLAPPs taskforce last September, with a remit to develop non-legislative recommendations to tackle SLAPPs.
Good progress is being made on a number of fronts, and I thank the Secretary of State for her tireless commitment.
Internationally, the UK was represented as an expert member of the Council of Europe’s Working Group on SLAPPs, which concluded its mandate in December 2023.
The draft recommendation which was produced over the course of two years will now make its way to the Committee of Ministers, and we trust that it will be eventually adopted in all 46 member states.
The Government acted last October by legislating against SLAPPs, because we must not allow our courts to be abused and our legal system manipulated.
We are therefore pleased to support the Bill, and will continue   to ensure that those who speak out against corruption, who hold the powerful to account and who guard our freedoms through their voices are protected.
Let me again thank the hon.
Member for Caerphilly for promoting the Bill.
I also thank the officials at the Ministry of Justice for providing all the necessary support as we move forward.
With the leave of the House, I am very pleased that we have had such a good debate.
It is laudable that so many Members in all parts of the House have taken the time to attend and to make such excellent contributions.
I also pay tribute to people and organisations outside the House, notably the UK Anti-SLAPP Coalition.
It has worked tirelessly on this issue for some time, and its input has been of tremendous value.
I thank the Ministry of Justice and its civil servants for their assistance, its briefings and its constructive engagement at all times.
There are a number of issues that many Members consider particularly important, such as the so-called issue of subjective tests.
I am inclined to agree with what the Minister said in summing up the debate, but I accept that there is room for further discussion, and we will be able to deal with it in some detail if the Bill goes into Committee.
I agree that cost is a fundamental issue.
A number of Members have cited examples in which it is enormously important in ensuring that justice is done and is seen to be done.
In her evidence to a Select Committee, the author Catherine Belton said that in London a single letter cost as much as £9,000, addressing concerns that had been expressed by a number of people.
If one letter costs £9,000, we all know how much an entire case could cost.
Surely that cannot be right in a democratic country which prides itself on freedom of speech, in which freedom of speech is pivotal, and which allows justice for all.
I hope very much that the Bill will continue its progress through the House and will reach the statute book, because I think that that would be a huge step forward for parliamentary democracy.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No. 63 ).
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I am delighted to be here to introduce a Bill that will help to support our thriving and dynamic space sector.
It will amend section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act 2018 to make clear in legislation that all spaceflight operator licences must specify a limit on the amount of the licensee’s liability under section 36 of the Act.
The 2018 Act enables commercial spaceflight activities, which include launching a spacecraft and operating a satellite in orbit, for example, and other activities such as the operation of a spaceport and management of a range, to be carried out under a licence in the United Kingdom.
The 2018 Act sets out the broad licensing and regulatory framework for carrying out such activities and is underpinned with more detailed provisions in the Space Industry Regulations 2021.
United Nations space treaties place obligations and responsibilities on states for activities in outer space.
In particular, UN space treaties make states liable for damage or injury caused by their space activities or those of their nationals.
Section 36 of the 2018 Act requires persons carrying out spaceflight activities to indemnify the UK Government and a number of named public bodies against any claims brought against the Government or bodies in respect of damage or loss arising out of, or in connection with, those spaceflight activities.
However, that is subject to any limit on the amount of an operator’s liability specified in their licence, except in prescribed circumstances, such as where the operator is liable in respect of gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
The 2018 Act currently provides powers for the regulator to specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability in their licence, but the Act does not make it mandatory.
Currently, section 12(2) of that Act provides that an operator licence may specify a limit on the amount of a licensee’s liability to indemnify under section 36, but this contrasts with regulation 220 of the Space Industry Regulations 2021 made under powers in section 34(5) of the 2018 Act, whereby an operator licence must specify a limit on the amount of a licensee’s liability for damage or injury to third parties.
It also contrasts with section 5(3) of the Outer Space Act 1986, which regulates UK nationals, Scottish firms and bodies incorporated under the law of any part of the UK that carry on space activities from outside the UK.
These require a licence to specify the maximum amount of the licensee’s liability to indemnify the Government under section 10 of that Act.
Through responses to the Government’s consultation on spaceflight liability, insurance and charging, the Government are aware that operators holding unlimited liabilities could be a barrier to conducting spaceflight activities from the UK.
The same consultation confirmed that other launching nations limit liabilities or provide a state guarantee for spaceflight activities conducted from their territory.
Current Government policy and guidance is that all spaceflight operator licences will contain limits on the amount of the operator’s liability and the amount of  insurance that they are required to hold, so that no operator will face unlimited liability.
However, industry operators continue to lobby for legislative certainty and have raised that, for spaceflight activities in the UK to be commercially viable, there needs to be a clear mandatory cap on the amount of liability to indemnify under section 36 of the 2018 Act.
The Bill will provide legislative certainty by amending “may” to “must” in section 12(2) of the 2018 Act, so that an operator licence must specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability under section 36.
The Bill makes a small amendment to section 36(3) of the 2018 Act.
The proposed amendments to the 2018 Act will meet a key ask of the space sector on regulatory improvements to provide assurance to investors that limits on the amount of an operator’s liability will be included in licences.
The Bill will also address a recommendation made by the Taskforce on Innovation, Growth and Regulatory Reform.
There has been parliamentary scrutiny.
The Science and Technology Committee raised the question of operator certainty on liability caps in its second report of the 2022-23 Session, “UK space strategy and UK satellite infrastructure”, published on  4 November 2022 .
The Taskforce on Innovation, Growth and Regulatory Reform considered current requirements and viewed them “as discouraging investment and making the UK uncompetitive”.
Recommendation 15.1 was to “Amend the Space Industry Act 2018 to cap liability and indemnity requirements for licence applicants to launch and operate satellites from the UK.”
There has also been consultation.
On  13 October 2020 , the Government published a consultation on spaceflight liability insurance and charging.
Respondents raised concerns about the wording of section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act 2018, under which a licence only “may” contain a limit of liability with respect to claims made under section 36 of the Act.
On  5 March 2021 , in response to the consultation, the Government said in their regulations and guidance on spaceport and spaceflight activities: “If another suitable piece of primary legislation is brought forward, the Government may seek to amend the wording in section 12(2) from ‘may’ to ‘must’.”
We all benefit from the services provided by satellites.
We might pay for our morning coffee using contactless payment, Google Pay or even cash withdrawn from an ATM; none of that would be possible without satellites.
Satellites provide precise references for navigation, communication to remote places, and pictures of our changing planet, not to mention the support they provide to the defence and security of the United Kingdom.
Satellite data, space technology and space applications are used to enhance our everyday life.
The space sector is hugely valuable to the UK’s economy.
It is worth over £17.5 billion and directly employs more than 48,000 people.
It supports over 126,000 jobs across the supply chain.
The UK is already one of the world’s strongest centres of advanced satellite manufacturing.
Thanks to this Government, it is now possible to launch satellites from UK spaceports, rather than relying solely on overseas spaceports to launch UK-built satellites into orbit.
Last year, an historical first launch from UK soil was made by Virgin Orbit at Spaceport Cornwall.
In December, SaxaVord spaceport in the Shetland Islands became the UK’s first licensed  vertical launch spaceport, with more to follow.
New launch companies such as Orbex and Skyrora have built factories in Scotland, creating hundreds of new jobs, ready to take advantage of the new opportunities that the Government have created.
In preparation for this debate, I have been asked questions by several Members, and I will address those now.
I have been asked what effect the Bill will have on public expenditure, and I can assure the House that it will not entail any additional expenditure, as the amendment is in line with Government policy.
I have been asked whether there are any transitional arrangements.
There are not.
Clause 2(3) provides that the Bill will come into force two months to the day on which it is passed.
Transitional arrangements are not required because no licences have been granted that do not have a limit on liability specified in them, by virtue of the Government’s policy on limiting liability.
I have been asked whether I have ensured compatibility with the European convention on human rights.
As this is a private Member’s Bill, no statement of compatibility is required.
However, as recorded in the explanatory notes, the Department for Transport considers that the provisions of the Bill are compatible with the convention.
I have been asked whether it is compatible with environmental law.
Again, as it is a private Member’s Bill, no statement under section 20 of the Environment Act 2021 is required, but as the explanatory notes say, the Department for Transport is of the view that the Bill does not contain provisions that, if enacted, would be environmental law for the purposes of section 20.
This is a narrowly focused Bill addressing what the space sector has asked for.
I hope that no further amendments will be tabled, as it would be a shame to  be unable to progress or deliver this key ask from  our increasingly important space industry because of amendments or additions.
Let me give a final summary of the purpose of the Bill, why I think it is important and how it will benefit our space industry.
Before a company can operate a satellite in orbit or carry out a launch mission from the UK, it must first obtain a spaceflight operator licence under the Space Industry Act 2018.
The licence process ensures that spaceflight activities are undertaken safely, securely and in accordance with the UK’s international obligations.
Under United Nations space treaties, the state is ultimately liable for any damage or injury that may be caused by its space activities, even when undertaken by commercial space operators.
The Space Industry Act contains provisions to help mitigate potential costs to UK taxpayers arising from UK commercial spaceflight activities.
That includes requirements for operators to hold insurance and, under section 36, to indemnify the UK Government and other named public bodies against any claims brought against the Government or body in respect of damage or loss.
It is recognised, however, that unlimited liability on commercial space activities would be a barrier to their operating in the United Kingdom.
Other space nations, such as France and the United States of America, limit liabilities, or provide a state guarantee for the launch activities that take place from their territory.
The Space Industry Act contains powers to specify in a spaceflight operator’s licence a limit on the amount of an operator’s liability, in order to indemnify the Government and other public bodies.
Government policy is that the regulator should  use those powers to specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability in the licence, so that no operator will face unlimited liability.
It is essentially a form of risk sharing between the commercial operator and Government.
This policy is set out in guidance, and I understand that all spaceflight operator licences issued under the Space Industry Act to date contain a limit on the amount of an operator’s liability.
However, the industry has made it very clear, in response to consultation and in other fora, that it would welcome legal certainty that it will not face unlimited liability when launching or operating a satellite from the UK.
Setting that clear requirement in law would provide UK industry and those looking to invest in the UK with greater certainty, and would carry more force than reliance on policy statements and guidance.
This Bill will provide that legal certainty by amending section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act, so that spaceflight operator licences must specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability under section 36 of that Act.
As such, the Bill will provide a vital further boost to our burgeoning UK space industry.
I am particularly mindful of the benefits it will bring to growing and innovative companies such as Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd on the Surrey research park, many of whose past and current employees live in my constituency of Woking.
Our UK space industry is thriving, but this measure is vital to secure an equally exciting and dynamic future.
It is companies such as Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd —just outside my constituency, and many of whose employees live in my constituency—that will benefit.
Other firms, large, medium and small, will grow in the UK and come to the UK if this measure is passed.
To ensure that exciting and dynamic future, I commend the Bill to the House.
I rise to speak in support of the Bill in my capacity as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for space.
Before I get to the thrust of my speech, I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
My interests are both financial and non-financial, and I have a number of outside roles that are relevant to the UK space industry.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  on introducing a Bill that appears extraordinarily simple but, as we heard from his well thought through and well delivered speech, would actually have a profound impact on a lot of technical areas in the space sector.
It shows a great deal of skill on his part that he can do something quite so complex in such a straightforward, intelligent and elegant way.
As my hon.
Friend said, the Bill seeks to enhance the UK’s position in the space industry by making changes to liability for spaceflight risks.
That is a wholly pragmatic and welcome change.
The Bill’s purpose is to make the UK an even better place to operate space businesses from, and it follows on from the space strategy published two or three years ago.
The Bill seeks to resolve some technical anomalies in the insurance sector in a goo and sensible way.
Importantly, it clarifies aspects of risk in a way that should provide comfort to those financial wizards supporting our superb space innovators, many of whom I have met.
I am  delighted to say that many came to Parliament for one of the regular space sector showcases run by the all-party parliamentary group for space.
The next one, which will be in the Attlee Suite on the morning of  19 March , is on the sustainability and future of space activities.
All Members and Members’ staff are welcome to come along to hear about that fascinating area.
The space sector is incredibly important.
People do not realise that every time they use a cashpoint, their transaction is confirmed through positioning, navigation and timing that comes from navigation satellites passing overhead.
We can do an amazing number of things.
We can analyse a country’s economic activity through heat sensors from Earth observation satellites, which can tell us whether a city, a port or a railway station is busy.
We can look at any number of different things.
We can predict the use of crop fertiliser, planting and distressed crops through Earth observation satellites.
I am delighted to say that I chair the advisory board of the Space Energy Initiative—this is a non-financial interest—and we are looking at whether beaming energy from space can be part of the future of a secure and safe planet.
What we can do is absolutely extraordinary.
In 1969, we first landed a man on the moon, and we are doing an enormous number of brilliant things.
I am delighted to say that a number of UK space industries are now looking to get involved in the Artemis programme, whereby NASA is looking to take astronauts back to the moon, possibly as early as next year.
This is a very exciting time for space in a wide range of areas.
We can go wrong by focusing specifically on the space sector itself; I would suggest that there is an increased benefit to the UK that go further than the space industry.
The space industry is important for a number of reasons, one of which is that, because of the high value of this type of activity, it addresses exactly what Adam Smith proposed in his 1776 book “The Wealth of Nations”: nations should try to create greater wealth by having greater productivity.
This country has had a productivity conundrum for a number of years, and concentrating on the space sector could increase our productivity and therefore benefit the whole of the country.
The Bill also talks about the service sector—the insurance industry.
Members will be aware that before coming to Parliament, I was in financial services—investment banking and small investment fund management—so when I look at the opportunities presented by something such as the space sector, I tend to look at the many UK opportunities, in the context not just of the direct beneficiary but of how the sector helps the wider economy.
The UK has one of the best—certainly the oldest—wholesale insurance markets, located in the City of London.
It must be the aim of the whole of Government to ensure not just that spaceflights and operations are controlled from the UK but that all involved in the space industry come to London to seek insurance and other financial services from our financial services experts.
I have argued for some time that the UK should do more to align the interests of our space industry with the interests of the UK financial markets.
I take inspiration from a former Chancellor of the Exchequer.
When he was newly appointed Chancellor after the 1997 general  election, many years ago, the former Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath recognised the UK’s good but small film industry.
He chose to make a small intervention in the tax system to incentivise investment into UK films.
As a direct result, he helped to rebuild the UK film industry into the vibrant and innovative industry that  it is today.
I suspect that when we look at some great films, a direct thread can be traced: between that intervention by the former right hon.
Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath back in the late 1990s and, for example, the success of the “Harry Potter” franchise right here in the UK.
Harry Potter is a brilliant export, and was always going to be a great film success, but I am certain that without that intervention, the heroes of the Harry Potters may well have cast their spells with American accents.
I think we can look to that, dare I say, great former Labour Chancellor, for the huge amount he did for the British film industries.
It may be the only time that the House hears me say “great” and “Labour Chancellor” in the same sentence, but he did an important job, and we should recognise that.
Of course, there was a little bit of abuse of the system by one or two people enjoying it, but notwithstanding that, the intervention has been important.
A similar intervention can be made to support not just the space industry but our world-class wholesale financial markets.
It is important that the City of London does not just think about what it does today and whether it does markets well; it should be completely innovating the whole time to seek opportunities that come in the future.
We should not think about any industry only in terms of what we can offer it; we must think about our ambitions in any sector with a view to how it can enhance wider service sectors.
In the case of financial services, investment bankers raising capital investment and insurance services securing risk cover for innovators or helping investors to find a way to maximise their opportunities in the sector, we should be thinking how a fiscal intervention might benefit all concerned.
After all, our brilliant innovators, research institutions, network of catapult accelerators and universities, and all the rest of it, already attract a great deal of international business to the UK.
That is a very good thing.
We also need to appreciate that we need the best space industry financiers in the world to come to the UK and locate their expertise right here in the City of London, and the best insurance experts and the best space lawyers.
We need to seek to achieve, in the space industry and the wider economy, the UK being the best place to come for everything needed to support space ambitions.
I believe the Government are enthusiastic about this private Member’s Bill, and I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking for bringing it forward.
It is a truly innovative Bill.
The City of London, as I think I have mentioned, needs to remain relevant.
The City of London is an incredible jewel in the crown of this country.
It has had its problems, but none the less, it pays through taxation for an awful lot of hospitals, police officers and schools.
A lot of good things come out of the City of London, but it needs to be relevant the whole time for the future.
We need to be making sure, as we develop something like the space industry or AI or any of these other industries, that we help the City of London to focus and be a part of that, so that there is a symbiotic  relationship between the financial services sector and these other sectors that will benefit our economy.
I am delighted to support the Bill; it is fantastic.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill, which I rise in support of.
Following my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre Forest (Mark Garnier) , I will take us from the City of London, on which he made some brilliant and valid points, to the space sector—we are almost in danger of having some joined-up thinking in this place today!
One would not be surprised to see a Cornish MP rising on these Benches when we are speaking about space.
We have a lot to say in Cornwall about the space sector.
Cornwall is in fact at the forefront of the UK’s developing space economy and is playing an increasingly important role in the national space programme to ensure that as many people as possible contribute to and benefit from the economic growth.
Cornwall’s data, space and aerospace strategy ambitions include: mitigating and reversing environmental degradation; restoring nature and seeking to protect businesses and communities from the impact of climate change, both locally and globally; working with the Government to grow the UK space economy as a whole; and, growing the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly economy to deliver jobs and international investment, while offering an outstanding quality of life for its people.
Cornwall and Isles of Scilly local enterprise partnership made space one of its main priorities some time ago.
If the House will indulge me, I would like to pay tribute to one of the key players, Mark Duddridge, who we lost suddenly last year.
Mark used to be chair of the local enterprise partnership.
Sadly, a matter of hours after I was in a Zoom meeting with him from this place, he tragically and suddenly died.
Mark has left a hole in the industry and business community in Cornwall, and is very fondly remembered.
New MPs look for the people they can trust, with knowledge in all these things, so that we can gain our own knowledge and learn about them, and Mark was certainly one of those people for me.
Mark said of the space industry: “We’ve backed Cornwall’s spaceport bid from day one because we saw the potential for Cornwall to play a vital role in the UK’s space economy ambitions and create high value jobs.
The global space industry could triple in value to more than $1 trillion by 2040 and what’s driving that is climate change, security and telecoms.
The facilities we are helping to fund at Spaceport Cornwall are already having a catalytic effect and attracting new space companies to Cornwall.”
One of those is international space logistics company D-Orbit, which will establish a satellite assembly, integration and testing facility at Spaceport Cornwall’s Centre for Space Technologies, with support from the European Space Agency.
Mark played a key role in that, and others are continuing his work.
He was a talented and passionate advocate for Cornwall, and has left a large hole.