It is a step forward that the scope of protection provided for in the Bill is not limited, as is currently the case, to economic crime.
SLAPPs, often masquerading as defamation or privacy claims, are not really about seeking justice, but about imposing silence—exploiting the financial and emotional strain of proceedings to discourage individuals from exercising their right to speak on matters of public interest.
Labour has long recognised the danger posed by SLAPPs to our democratic values.
We have already committed to introducing legislation to halt the ability of Russian oligarchs and the super-wealthy such as Roman Abramovich, who has already been mentioned today, to use their wealth as a weapon against those who dare to scrutinise their actions.
The background to my hon.
Friend’s Bill is rooted in a disturbing trend of legal harassment.
From aggressive pre-action letters to the targeting of vulnerable financial defendants, SLAPPs undermine the foundations of accountability and freedom of speech.
The enormous legal costs threatened by SLAPPs serve not justice, but the suppression of truth.
The Bill is not merely a response to a growing trend of legal harassment, but a declaration of our values as a society that cherishes free speech and the rule of law.
It broadens the scope beyond economic crimes, offering protection across all public interest discourse to ensure that no avenue is left for the misuse of our legal system to suppress legitimate scrutiny and accountability.
The legal reforms proposed by my hon.
Friend in his Bill  are both necessary and timely.
They reflect a deep understanding of the challenges posed by SLAPPs, as outlined in the evidence sessions of several parliamentary Committees.
By providing mechanisms for early dismissal and costs protection, and extending protections to all courts and tribunals, we are fortifying our defences against the abuse of legislation.
As we consider the provisions of the Bill, let us remember the individuals—and, indeed, institutions—who have been unjustly targeted by SLAPPs.
Their struggles underscore the imperative for this legislation.
I acknowledge the efforts of campaigners, including the UK Anti-SLAPP  Coalition, for their tireless work in bringing this issue to light.
We must ensure that our legal system serves justice, not the interests of those who seek to wield it as a tool of oppression.
I acknowledge the issues that have been raised about the Bill.
I am sure they will be rehearsed in Committee when we will have a deeper discussion on them.
In addition to the concerns that have been raised, we need to make sure—although I am sure it does not—that the Bill does not prevent ordinary people who wish to restrain the publication of libels and intrusions by wealthy publications from being able to do so in law.
As my father always used to say, in life we should help the weak against the strong.
I know that that is my hon.
Friend’s intention in bringing forward his Bill.
I urge all hon.
Members to support the Bill.
In doing so, we are taking a stand against the tactics that gag our press, intimidate our citizens and erode our democracy.
It is a step forward in an ongoing effort to protect freedom of expression and to ensure that those who seek to report on wrongdoing can do so without fear of retribution.
In the fight for justice and accountability, there is no room for silence.
The Bill can help to end the scourge of SLAPPs and reaffirm our dedication to the principles of democracy and freedom.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David)  on bringing forward the Bill, and the numerous campaigners who have been pressing this issue for many years.
As we have heard, SLAPPs are an abuse of our courts and our laws by corrupt individuals who seek to stifle free speech and a free press—two of the linchpins of our democracy.
I cannot talk about the specific case that  the hon.
Member for Poplar and Limehouse (Apsana Begum)  raised, but I can reassure her that the Bill widens the scope beyond what is in the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 and that it now talks about all kinds of behaviours.
I am more than happy to discuss the specific issues with the hon.
Member for Caerphilly, as it is his Bill, to see what we can do to ensure that we either reassure or accommodate her on the specific issues she wishes to see covered.
This issue became increasingly pressing when the Russian oligarchs and allies of Putin used this process for their own ends.
Alongside them, we saw behaviour by multinational corporations or disreputable landlords to use and abuse our processes.
SLAPPs must always be taken seriously and tackled swiftly.
In this House, we have the ability and the privilege to ensure that such abuses are addressed head-on.
This House stands for free speech and for holding the powerful to account, and for always seeking to ensure that the best interests of the public, in the widest sense, are being served by the law.
SLAPPs-style litigation is an abuse of power designed to inhibit public interest investigations and reporting.
The harm that SLAPPs cause is not only that they stifle public comment by forcing its removal or editing it; they also discourage journalists, academics and campaigners from investigating issues in the first place, leaving matters of public interest undiscovered and the British public in the dark.
In this way, the effect of SLAPPs is far more  pernicious.
We cannot sit by and allow our media to feel that some people and organisations cannot be subject to scrutiny just because they have unlimited financial firepower to mobilise aggressive legal tactics.
To quote Andrew Galizia, whose mother Daphne, a Maltese investigative journalist, was murdered in 2017: “The aim of these lawsuits is to deprive the target of time and resources, and to deter others from taking up the same story.”
His mother was subject to 43 lawsuits at the time of her death.
Regardless of whether a claim is aimed at an author, an academic, a journalist or a private individual, this abuse of the law to muzzle the free press must not go unchecked.
We will not allow our justice system to be abused.
In the Government’s response to our original call for evidence, we said that although there are powers enabling courts to strike out cases as an abuse of process, these powers need to be strengthened to counteract the very sophisticated and aggressive actions brought by SLAPP claimants.
The House will be aware of some high-profile cases that have shone a light on SLAPPs—cases such as that brought against the British journalist Tom Burgis, whom Members have already mentioned, who was sued for libel in the High Court by ENRC, an oligarch-owned mining company, following his publication of “Kleptopia: How Dirty Money is Conquering the World”.
There were multiple claims issued against Tom Burgis by ENRC, targeting him as an individual author rather than his publisher.
These claims concerned his tweets, podcasts and articles that mentioned his book.
The case was dismissed early on.
The statements complained about were found not to be defamatory and Mr Burgis was vindicated, but how many more cases do not reach our courtrooms due to the intimidatory tactics and costs run up by aggressive claimants before proceedings are even initiated?
I think that is the point made by  the hon.
Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , and I will address a couple of his points at this juncture.
We have engaged with the SRA and will continue to do so.
As the hon.
Member mentioned, warning notices have already been issued.
The fines for misbehaviour by solicitors firms have been increased, and pre-action behaviour is a legitimate cause of concern.
The Government will continue to engage with the regulator to see how that can be further addressed.
As so many people have volunteered to be on the Public Bill Committee, I am sure that, with the indulgence of the hon.
Member for Caerphilly, we can look at the issue in more depth.
There is evidence that the number of SLAPPs is increasing year on year.
There were 11 cases in the UK in 2020, 25 in 2021 and 29 in 2022.
Such worrying and abusive conduct, whereby those with deep pockets attempt to financially bully dissenting voices, is unacceptable  in our democracy.
The courts must not be a pawn in these underhand attempts to cover up corruption and wrongdoing.
SLAPPs are a modern-day struggle between David and Goliath: we have individual journalists, academics and authors up against extremely wealthy individuals and corporates with unlimited resources on their side.
We cannot let this type of intimidation and harassment stand.
It is right that wrongdoing and dubious deals are laid bare for the world to see, and those who expose such behaviour should not be afraid of the repercussions  of doing so.
That is why the Government listened  and introduced the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 to tackle SLAPP claims connected to financial misdeeds.
That Act meant we were the first country in the world to legislate against SLAPPs at a national level.
Although we can argue over whether it was overdue, we were certainly the first to do it, and we ought to take pride in the fact that this legislature acted faster than most.
The Act gave cover to only a small part of the SLAPPs regime, and it targeted only one part of economic crime, which is why this private Member’s Bill seeks to address the gaps.
It will make sure that the definition of SLAPPs is more comprehensive.
The hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord)  raised the issue of behaviour in the test of objectivity and subjectivity.
The issue of subjectivity is not unusual, and the court will consider all evidence before it comes to an assessment, including an explanation from the claimant as to why their claim is reasonable.
The courts are, of course, well versed in taking that information into account.
The test of subjectivity or intent is not unusual, and it is well established in our court system.
Clause 2 gives specific examples of SLAPPs-type behaviour.
I believe there is a careful balance between the standard practice of intent and tightening things up to give objective guidance to the judiciary on what constitutes SLAPPs-type behaviour.
The Bill follows the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act in establishing a cost-protection regime that limits legal costs in SLAPPs claims, protecting defendants from the obscene costs run up by claimants to increase the intimidatory effect of their claim.
This will also help to address the glaring inequality of arms between the parties in these cases.
Of course, one of the big steps forward is the ability to secure early dismissal so that these cases do not rumble on and rack up fees, particularly for defendants.
The ability to strike out cases at an early stage is a big part of the cost-protection armoury.
Our reforms also have to ensure a balance between defending people from SLAPPs-type behaviour and protecting access to justice, which is a fundamental part of our system.
It is for the courts and the judiciary to determine whether a case is a SLAPP and whether it has merit.
We have acted to remove the level of fear and risk that these cases can engender.
The Government are glad to welcome and support this Bill, which builds on the important progress already made.