My hon.
Friends have mentioned some of the businesses and services employed by the space industry.
Let me add to that list the marine protection areas that we are deploying not just around UK waters but globally, because that is done via satellite.
How do we know how bad climate change is in different parts of the world?
Satellites do that for us.
When I was a Cornwall councillor, we had interesting debates about the benefits of the spaceport in Cornwall.
Some of our environmentalists were concerned that we were sending huge great jumbo jets off into space and that it would cause a lot of pollution, but my belief— and that of a lot of my constituents—is that the good outweighs the bad given the amount of information that we can now get, and that surely we in Cornwall want to provide the jobs and infrastructure to allow that information to come back to Earth.
So what else is Cornwall doing in the space industry?
There is artificial intelligence and professional services—we have space lawyers in Cornwall.
This legislation will be of great interest to them and how they can help their clients, and they are abreast of it all.
Foot Anstey is one such firm providing those services.
We recently had drone tests over the bay of Falmouth by a company called Open Skies Cornwall.
I pay tribute to the Falmouth harbour commissioner, Miles Carden, for spearheading that project.
When huge tankers are ashore in the bay of Falmouth, or if in high seas it is too dangerous even for pilot boats, drones can take out medical supplies and bits for the boats.
That could save lives, and could certainly save a lot of money for those companies, so they are a great investment.
Another tech company, Farfields, operates at Mylor boat harbour with Mylor Boat Hire.
It is testing electric eco-launches using a low-cost satellite network rather than wireless systems so that checks on the battery voltage of a boat’s electric motor can be done via GPS.
Checks can be done on bilge pumps and all sorts of other things on boats.
All that is happening as part of the space industry, which is not just about launching rockets into space, and it is vital.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Woking mentioned the Newquay spaceport.
That was 10 years of work.
I again pay tribute to Melissa Quinn, who spearheaded much of that project.
Despite what people have said in the press, the Newquay spaceport was a huge success; everything that Newquay and Cornwall did worked perfectly.
Cosmic Girl ran into issues—sadly, the mission was unsuccessful—but Newquay proved that we could have a spaceport in the UK.
That is what mattered to Cornwall.
To reinforce that point, it is a rather peculiar thing about the British that we tend to look at failure as a problem.
Exactly this type of thing happened with the launch of the SpaceX Starship.
The minute it cleared the pad, the mission had been entirely successful.
When that enormous rocket—bigger than a Saturn V rocket—went spiralling out of control and blew up,   the SpaceX team let out a cheer, because they had got it right.
We sometimes get it wrong in the UK.
As my hon.
Friend mentions, there was a problem with the rocket itself, but the UK got it absolutely bang on the money in every single way.
The licensing and everything went perfectly right.
The fact that a second-stage fuel filter went wrong has nothing to do with Newquay or the Government.
The spaceport is a real success story.