Let me explain what it meant to the people of Cornwall.
It has inspired a whole generation of children in the county.
I actually feel sorry for colleagues who go into schools to talk about mining and renewables, and who try to inspire children to go into such careers, because Melissa Quinn went in and absolutely wiped the floor with them.
She has inspired a whole generation to go into space careers.
A lot of kids and families in Cornwall think, “Because we live in Cornwall, this isn’t for us,” but it absolutely is for us and our children.
Because of the project, we have seen investment go into Truro and Penwith College, which now has the facilities to train engineers and to do virtual welding and all sorts of things.
I have no idea what goes on there, but the facilities are very shiny and fabulous.
Martin Tucker, the principal, has been fully engaged with this project and others to ensure that the kids who were inspired in primary school at the beginning of it can carry out their training in Cornwall and go into careers in the county.
Cornish MPs have been fighting for this for a decade or more, and it is starting to happen now, thanks to that project.
Cosmic Girl ran into problems.
Newquay was only ever supposed to have one or two launches a year.
Are we going to get another one?
Yes, I absolutely hope that we are, but it is not just about working towards launches.
The project means that we have the know-how, the supply chains and the knowledge to support other launches around the country and across the world.
It is fantastic that the spaceport is still there, and we should keep it going.
I know that the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly local enterprise partnership and Cornwall Council are still very enthusiastic about ensuring that we harness the expertise and do not let any of it go.
The other large company that Members may or may not have heard of—I am sure my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking has heard of it—is Goonhilly Earth Station.
When people drive right down into the west of Cornwall and the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Ives (Derek Thomas) , they will look across the moorland, see huge satellite dishes and think, “My goodness!
What on earth are they doing there?”
Goonhilly is fantastic—the world’s first private deep space communications network.
It provides additional capacity to the NASA and European Space Agency networks.
Any deep space mission that Members have heard of will have been supported by Goonhilly and the team there.
I do not know whether Members have seen the Australian movie “The Dish”, in which the characters have a small amount of time when they are the only ones on Earth supporting whatever deep space mission or moon landing mission is taking place.
Goonhilly started a bit like that, but it has developed so much more.
I cannot remember the figures off the top of my head, but the capacity for the amount of data that can be stored at the facility is phenomenal.
Ian Jones, who runs the facility, is always looking for people to go and see what brilliant things they are doing, such as radio astronomy, supported by cryogenically cooled 30-metre antennas.
It is a part of the global space communications network.
On our ambitions, we hope that by 2030 Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly will be a leader in the national space programme, exploiting the physical, digital and intellectual assets of the area, and using satellite data to overcome local and global challenges, such as the impact of climate change, which we have heard about.
By 2030, data, space and aerospace will have contributed an additional £1 billion to the economic value of Cornwall and the Isles and Scilly through increased productivity and jobs turnover, creating twice the average gross value added per capita of £45,000 or more.
To facilitate those strategic ambitions, we have identified local and national strategic leads to support us in maintaining awareness of the priorities.
That is vital following the aftermath of what happened at Newquay.
As I say, this is still very much part of Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly LEP’s priorities.
It is interlinked with all the other industries we are trying to promote in Cornwall, such as renewables and the resurgence of critical minerals.
Critical minerals will need to come out of the ground in Cornwall to ensure that we have all these satellites.
As I mentioned earlier, 150 companies are doing all sorts of amazing things.
Satellites that are only the size of a Ford Fiesta can now be built and go up into space.
We were going to launch a satellite—hopefully this is still a reality—that takes a deep-dive look from space at Cornwall’s landscape and at what we are and are not doing.
For example, we have slightly different graded agricultural land.
Grade 3b land, which is vulnerable to proposals for solar farms, is actually the most fertile land we have in Cornwall.
We are learning all that because of satellites.
I could go on and on.
The change my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking is introducing today may look like a small change, but it is huge.
It will bring clarity to all the companies in the City of London that my hon.
Friend the Member for Wyre Forest talked about, and to every single company I have mentioned and more, to ensure that there is a level playing field for everybody, that everything is clear and that they can continue to build and build and build.
This is a very exciting future for our country and for Cornwall.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking for introducing the Bill.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Truro and Falmouth (Cherilyn Mackrory) .
There are few more intrepid voyagers in this particular enterprise, defiant in the face of adversity but also on a voyage of discovery.
She made an excellent speech and picked up on what the Bill is really about.
My hon.
Friend rightly identified that this not just about putting big shiny things on rockets and firing them into the sky; it is about unlocking other important bits of the economy.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre Forest (Mark Garnier)  also made that point incredibly eloquently.
We can go back to Adam Smith and see the cosmic threads, if you will.
We are opening up new sectors for the UK economy and empowering our people.
I am delighted by the idea of space lawyers.
I promised not to go around waving my LLB about, but that sounds awfully like the superhero name I would end up giving myself.
I am really excited about this.
I am a member of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee, so I was very pleased to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  mention our report.
A lot of love went into it—we enjoyed ourselves a bit too much, I am not going to deny it!
I find this entire sector incredibly fascinating and extremely exciting, not just because of the aforementioned geekery but because of its potential.
I think about kids in my constituency who are now being exposed to opportunities and new horizons that simply were not on the radar of young people even five or six years ago.
Apprentices in my patch are talking about working in this area.
Some have gone to work for Airbus, which is doing fantastic things with satellites.
I recently went to its Stevenage factory as part of my Industry and Parliament Trust fellowship, which is in space and aerospace.
One thing it purports to be doing is transferring energy from space, which will genuinely be a game changer.
I was flabbergasted when that was explained to me.
To monitor climate change, satellites will tell us how much heat is transferring out of wood in forests, so we know whether rainforests need to be reforested and whether we are facing climate change at 1.5° or 2°.
That is mind-bendingly brilliant stuff, and it is now available to kids who, five or six years ago, might have been told, “Right, once you finish school, you either go work in the JJB Sports factory down the road or in a shop.”
It is exciting, fantastically valuable and hugely important for things like our financial sector.
Greater Manchester has a fairly sizable financial sector, which is great for us.
We also have a large legal sector—I know because I used to work in it.
I would love to be a space lawyer.
Let’s see how the rest of the year goes; I might need to become one.
Ultimately, the Bill is about empowering us.
The other thing I love about it—again, I promise not to wave my LLB about too much—is its simplicity and elegance.
It is that Coltrane sax solo: so simple that it is brilliant.
Changing a word effectively empowers us to do so much more.
The power of that is inestimable.
That is why it was part of the report that the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee put out.
At the moment, we are disincentivising people from innovating, and that is not what we should be about.
We are saying instead that people should go out and take risks, and we will ensure that they can be rewarded.
They will not be completely and utterly obliterated for having a go.
Even if the second-stage fuel pump does not work, it will not be the end of the business.
We need to be alive to that because we need risk takers, as we do in every sector.
We need people who are willing to boldly go into the final frontier.
[Interruption.]
I have not finished yet.
When I shout “House!”
everyone will know that I have done them all.
Fundamentally, this is  about ensuring that Britain’s future is not just here on Earth, but in the stars, and we have every right to be there—as much as any other country.