He is survived by his

wife Lanette and their children.
Officer Eric Estrada devoted 8 of his 31 years of life to the police

force serving the Logan, Box Elder, and North Park police departments

before joining the Tremonton police force earlier this year.
Although

he was only with Tremonton for less than a year, he quickly formed a

reputation and legacy of warmth and dedication.
His favorite part of

working in law enforcement was being on patrol, where he loved

interacting directly with the people he served and engaging with the

community.
Officer Estrada is remembered as a dedicated father and

husband, deeply loving and cherishing his family.
He is survived by his

wife Brittney and their two children.
Both Utah heroes were honored by thousands of people in a procession

across Northern Utah earlier this week.
It is through the service and

sacrifice of honorable public servants such as Sergeant Sorensen and

Officer Estrada that our communities, cities, and Nation can live

safely.
I extend my deepest condolences to the loved ones, fellow officers,

and entire community that feels this loss so profoundly.
I am thankful

to both Sergeant Lee Sorensen and Officer Eric Estrada, well as their

families, for their sacrifice and the many years dedicated to the

betterment and safety of their communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SGT.
ROHN HULTGREN

HON.
BRIAN J. MAST

Mr. MAST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true American hero,

Sergeant Rohn Hultgren of Palm Beach County, Florida.
Sgt.
Hultgren is

a father, husband, soldier, and public servant whose courage on the

battlefield and commitment to my community deserves our recognition.
During his service in Afghanistan, Sgt.
Hultgren's convoy was struck

by an improvised explosive device.
The blast left him with a broken

femur and a traumatic brain injury.
As a result, Sgt.
Hultgren

underwent extensive speech therapy, but he never wavered in his

devotion to our Nation or his fellow soldiers.
For his sacrifice and

bravery, he was awarded the Purple Heart.
Mr. Speaker, Sgt.
Hultgren did not allow any of his injuries to

define his life here at home.
After being honorably discharged from the

Army as a Sergeant E-5, he dedicated himself to serving other veterans

in Florida's 21st Congressional District.
Today, as Veteran Services

Manager for the Palm Beach County Division of Senior and Veteran

Services, Sgt.
Hultgren continues his mission by ensuring that our veterans receive

the support they fought for.
Sgt.
Hultgren has been with Veteran

Services for seven years, and he has been manager for three of those

years.
Everyone he's served knows that he's gone above and beyond for

our nation and community.
His wife of 22 years and their three children

all reside in my community, and we are proud of their family's faith

and resilience.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of my community, I am proud to

recognize and honor Sgt.
Rohn Hultgren for his service and continued

dedication to the men and women who wore our Nation's uniform.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN'S ``BORN TO RUN''

HON.
ROBERT MENENDEZ

Mr. MENENDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th

anniversary of one of the most iconic albums in American music history,

Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Released on August 25, 1975, this

landmark album did more than launch a young songwriter from Long

Branch, New Jersey into stardom; it became the soundtrack for countless

Americans and an anthem for all those blessed to call New Jersey home.
Songs like ``Thunder Road'', ``Jungleland'', and the titular ``Born

to Run'' demonstrate Springsteen's unmatched ability to blend vivid

storytelling set in the incredible mosaic that is New Jersey with the

generational musical talent of the E Street Band.