Since joining the Grapevine Police Department, Officer O'Rear has

served her community with distinction in numerous roles, including

Patrol Officer, Detective, Victim Liaison, and member of the Honor

Guard.
She has also contributed as a Task Force Officer with the

Tarrant County Narcotics Task Force and the Drug Enforcement

Administration.
Beyond her investigative and enforcement duties, she has provided

critical support as a Peer Support, CISM, and Mental Health

Coordinator, roles that reflect her compassion for both her colleagues

and the community she served.
She currently serves as Co-Regional

Director of the Texas Crisis Intervention Association and as Regional

Director of the Texas Law Enforcement Peer Network.
As Officer O'Rear retires at the end of August, we celebrate a career

defined by integrity, service, and leadership.
I thank Officer

Christina O'Rear for her three decades of outstanding service to the

Grapevine community and to the State of Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE AMANDA ELZY HIGH SCHOOL MULTI-YEAR REUNION

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following proclamation commemorating the Multi-Year Reunion of Amanda

Elzy High School located in Greenwood, Mississippi, and recognizing the

pivotal role it played in the Civil Rights Movement.
Whereas the House of Representatives joins the graduates of

Amanda Elzy High School and the citizens of Mississippi in

honoring the school on occasion of its multi-class reunion;

Whereas Amanda Elzy High School is named in honor of Dr.

Amanda Elzy, a distinguished educator and trailblazer who

helped cofound Mississippi Valley State University and was

the first Black woman to serve as Assistant Superintendent of

the Leflore County School System;

Whereas Amanda Elzy High School, located in the heart of

the Mississippi Delta in Greenwood, Mississippi, stands as a

beacon of resilience, education, and racial progress since

its founding in 1959;

Whereas, the school's establishment followed a

consequential moment in the Civil Rights Movement,

symbolizing the demand for equality in education and the

enduring pursuit of justice in Leflore County and beyond;

Whereas the legacy of Amanda Elzy High School lives on

through its alumni-many of whom have remained in Mississippi

and work tirelessly to improve their communities, including

through civic engagement, grassroots organizing, and

philanthropic leadership;

Whereas more than 130 alumni from the graduating classes of

the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s are expected to gather for the

Amanda Elzy Multi-Year Reunion, to be held on August 28-29,

2025, at the Leflore County Civic Center;

Whereas this reunion not only honors the rich legacy of

Amanda Elzy High School but also seeks to highlight the

school's uncertain future due to funding challenges-making

this celebration both a joyful and urgent call to preserve an

institution that has served generations.
Now, therefore, be it Resolved, that the House of

Representatives commemorates and honors the Amanda Elzy High

School Multi-Year Reunion and the alumni for their lifelong

commitment to education, community, and the values of

progress and equity that the school embodies.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED SERVICE AND LEADERSHIP OF SHERIFF CHARLES

FOSTER OF WYTHE COUNTY, VIRGINIA

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional

dedication and service of Sheriff Charles Foster of Wythe County,

Virginia, who retired on August 1 after a 38-year career in law

enforcement.
Through nearly four decades, Sheriff Foster has served Wythe County

Sheriff's Office with the integrity and devotion of a true public

servant.
Hired at the age of 18 as a dispatcher, Sheriff Foster developed

strong ties to those he worked with early in his career and earned high

marks from his community.
After more than 30 years serving the Sheriff's Office, Mr. Foster ran

for Wythe County Sheriff in 2021.
Given community support of his law

enforcement experience and credentials, it was no surprise that he won

the election, unopposed.