Hired at the age of 18 as a dispatcher, Sheriff Foster developed

strong ties to those he worked with early in his career and earned high

marks from his community.
After more than 30 years serving the Sheriff's Office, Mr. Foster ran

for Wythe County Sheriff in 2021.
Given community support of his law

enforcement experience and credentials, it was no surprise that he won

the election, unopposed.
In 2023, Wythe County reaffirmed their trust in Sheriff Foster by re-

electing him Sheriff.
For the past four years in the role, Sheriff

Foster led his department with humility, professionalism, and a

profound sense of duty to his community.
My office appreciated working with Sheriff Foster during his tenure.
Thanks to his help and the Wythe County Sheriff's Office, they provide

a room for my staff to hold traveling staff office hours and provide

services to constituents.
Southwest Virginia communities are served and represented by

dedicated law enforcement professionals like Sheriff Foster.
Aspiring

officers and fellow law enforcement groups should be inspired by his

legacy, defined by a deep personal calling to protect and serve.
As

Sheriff Foster begins this next chapter, we offer him our heartfelt

thanks for his decades of service and his unwavering protection of his

fellow Southwest Virginians.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE FEDERATION OF INDIAN ASSOCIATIONS IN COMMEMORATING

INDIA'S 78 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to recognize the

Federation of Indian Associations (FIA) as it commemorates India's 78

years of independence.
Since FIA's establishment in 1970, its mission

has been to serve the Indian-American community, promote Indian

cultural heritage, and advance bilateral ties between the United States

and India.
Over the course of five decades, FIA has organized numerous outreach

events to provide community support and to celebrate Indian culture and

heritage.
FIA's efforts have included consular document service

assistance for over 11,000 community members, cultural dance

competitions that have engaged over 19,000 children in celebration of

their heritage, and an annual Diwali Soup Kitchen, which has

successfully distributed thousands of meals throughout the Northeastern

United States.
Furthermore, FIA helped to distribute personal

protective equipment and hot meals to first responders and community

members during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mr. Speaker, I honor the dedicated work of FIA to serve and uplift

the Indian-American community, sustain the legacy of Indian heritage

across generations, and foster cross-cultural cooperation and

understanding.
FIA's activities benefit all the communities in which

its members reside, and for that, we are all grateful.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING PHILLIP DOUGLAS MORGAN OF FLORA, MISSISSIPPI

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Phillip Douglas

Morgan of Flora, Mississippi.
Phillip Morgan was a Mississippian

through and through who gave back to his community and loved his

family.
Meeting people was a passion of Phillip's, and he never met a

stranger.
Phillip grew up in rural Mississippi and was a graduate of

Mississippi schools.
He studied accounting at the University of

Southern Mississippi and had a 10-year career as an accountant.
Hired

by Southern Ag Credit to work as their Chief Financial and Operating

Officer, Phillip worked his way to CEO in 2020.
He took his skills and

passion of people and saw the Southern Ag Credit team as his extended

family.
Phillip was a family man who spent time with his wife Christy and his

two daughters at their hunting club, cheered his daughters on in horse

shows and cheer camps, and also enjoyed vacationing with extended

family.
With a passion for fostering rescue horses, Phillip worked closely

with the MS Horse Rescue.
His support for the Dixie National Rodeo,

Ducks Unlimited, and Heart of the Horse were passion projects of his.
Phillip will be greatly missed by his family, friends, and the Southern

Ag Credit family.