Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th

anniversary of one of the most iconic albums in American music history,

Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Released on August 25, 1975, this

landmark album did more than launch a young songwriter from Long

Branch, New Jersey into stardom; it became the soundtrack for countless

Americans and an anthem for all those blessed to call New Jersey home.
Songs like ``Thunder Road'', ``Jungleland'', and the titular ``Born

to Run'' demonstrate Springsteen's unmatched ability to blend vivid

storytelling set in the incredible mosaic that is New Jersey with the

generational musical talent of the E Street Band.
Born to Run has stood

the test of time and is remembered today as a timeless masterpiece

about our daily struggles and chasing our dreams no matter the odds.
Over the past five decades, Bruce Springsteen has become more than

just an iconic artist.
He is a staple of American culture.
Known as

``The Boss'', he has sold more than 150 million records, won 20 Grammy

Awards, and been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
His

philanthropic efforts supporting food banks, veteran organizations, and

anti-poverty initiatives reflect the values of compassion, solidarity

and looking after each other that have always been the foundation of

his music.
And even with all of his success, you can still find him

near the streets, venues, boardwalks and people that shaped him and his

music.
Mr. Speaker, the 50th anniversary of Born to Run is not just a

celebration of an album, it is a recognition of Bruce Springsteen's

enduring impact on our country.
For more than half a century he has

given voice to the struggles and aspirations of the people we encounter

in all our lives--the dreamers and the believers, the down-but-not-out,

and the men and women whose stars may have faded but still burn inside

them.
But perhaps what separates Springsteen from his peers is that he

continues to create music that captures the moment and times we are in.
On behalf of the people of New Jersey's Eighth Congressional

District, and the millions of Springsteen fans worldwide, it is a

privilege to honor this important anniversary and to thank him for all

his contributions to our country, and most notably, to the great Garden

State.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF LARRY McCLURE

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and

work of Southwest Virginia racing icon Larry McClure, who passed away

on June 25 at the age of 81.
On March 21, 1944, Mr. McClure was born in the Harmon, Virginia,

community, located in Buchanan County.
After moving to Chilhowie in

Smyth County during his childhood, Mr. McClure began to develop a

passion for automobiles and racing.
His years-long interest in cars eventually culminated in the co-

founding of McClure Motor Sales.
Along with his brother Ed, the

McClures started the automobile business with great spirits and

motivation.
In 1980, Mr. McClure helped lead an effort with Tim Morgan to open

Morgan McClure Chevrolet in Coeburn, Virginia.
Later in 1983, Mr.

McClure joined forces with his brothers and Mr. Morgan in the founding

of legendary auto racing team Morgan-McClure Motorsports.
Many long-time residents of Southwest Virginia remember the era of

dominance under Mr. McClure's leadership in the 1990s.
Morgan-McClure Motorsports secured its very first win close to home,

at none other than the Bristol Motor Speedway.
Despite legendary driver

Dale Earnhardt leading the pack for a majority of the Busch 500,

Morgan-McClure racer Ernie Irvan pulled ahead for the win.
Following this 1990 victory, Morgan-McClure Motorsports continued to

win.
The next year, Morgan-McClure Motorsports won NASCAR's ``Crown

Jewel'' by finishing in first place at the Daytona 500 and beating some

of NASCAR's finest.