Title: CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DIRKSEN CONGRESSIONAL CENTER; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
140

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DIRKSEN CONGRESSIONAL CENTER

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and celebrate the

50th anniversary of the Dirksen Congressional Center.
Located in Pekin,

Illinois, the Dirksen Congressional Center has served as a national

leader in congressional research, civic education, and the preservation

of American political history.
Founded in 1975, the Dirksen Congressional Center began with a

mission to honor the legacy of Senator Everett McKinley Dirksen by

promoting a deeper understanding of Congress.
Over the past five

decades, it has expanded its reach and influence, serving tens of

thousands of students, educators, researchers, and citizens who have

benefited from its programs and resources.
The Dirksen Congressional Center has distributed more than $1.4

million in grants to fund groundbreaking research into Congress and its

history, trained hundreds of teachers to deliver high-quality civics

education through its Congress in the Classroom workshops and produced

more than 20 books and monographs about Congress, its leaders, and its

operations.
Additionally, the Dirksen Congressional Center's archival

collections now preserve the papers of nine Members of Congress, making

primary-source documents widely accessible through projects like the

American Congress Digital Archives Portal.
Through its Ray and Kathy LaHood Scholarship, the Dirksen

Congressional Center has supported Illinois college students for more

than two decades, while the Michel-LaHood

D.C. Summer Internship Program now offers fully funded experiential

learning for young people pursuing careers in public service.
From groundbreaking scholarships to hands-on education, the Dirksen

Congressional Center continues to advance understanding of Congress

while forging strong partnerships nationwide.
Its pioneering efforts

have made it a cornerstone institution for those who study, teach, and

practice American democracy.
As we commemorate this remarkable milestone, I want to recognize the

staff, leadership, and patrons of the Dirksen Congressional Center for

their dedication, vision, and enduring service to our Nation.
I congratulate the Dirksen Congressional Center on 50 years of

advancing civics, scholarship, and public service.
May the next 50

years strengthen its vital mission of connecting Americans to their

Congress and history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SERGEANT LEE SORENSEN AND OFFICER ERIC ESTRADA

HON.
BLAKE D. MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Utah.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the courageous and

selfless lives of two Tremonton-Garland police officers, Sergeant Lee

Sorensen and Officer Eric Estrada, who were tragically killed in the

line of duty on Sunday, August 17, 2025.
These brave men put on their

uniform each day aware of the risks involved, and today we honor the

depth of their sacrifice.
Sergeant Lee Sorensen dedicated 17 years of his life to serving his

community on the police force.
His tireless commitment to the people

around him has been recognized throughout the community, earning him

and his wife Garland City's Wheelon Award for significantly impacting

the city.
He also received the Distinguished Service Award from the

Tremonton Fire Department in February for his dedication, support,

professionalism, and commitment to excellence in assisting fire and EMS

units during incidents.
When he wasn't providing critical support for

fellow first responders, he was assisting the middle school resource

officer and checking on the teenagers who loved to chat with him.
Sergeant Sorensen was recently promoted to Sergeant and would have been

sworn in today.
Friday, August 22, 2025.
He is remembered by his

neighbors as humorous, kind, and a true hero.
He is survived by his

wife Lanette and their children.
Officer Eric Estrada devoted 8 of his 31 years of life to the police

force serving the Logan, Box Elder, and North Park police departments

before joining the Tremonton police force earlier this year.
Although

he was only with Tremonton for less than a year, he quickly formed a

reputation and legacy of warmth and dedication.