Today, not for the first time, most of my constituents have little or no water supply.
Two years ago, not for the first time, hundreds of my constituents had their homes flooded with raw sewage.
Year after year, Thames Water has failed its customers while obscenely rewarding its management and shareholders.
No one will miss the asset strippers at Thames Water if it goes under.
All we want is working infrastructure and good customer service at a reasonable cost.
Is that too much to ask?
That is what we want for all our customers.
That is why we have launched our plan for water to pull everything together to ensure that we deal with any pollution incidents, water supply issues and the future of the water industry.
It is why we have set our targets and produced our storm sewage overflow plan, and why the water companies will have to spend £56 billion on capital investment by 2050 to address that.
Every water company, including Thames Water, has to make an action plan for each of its storm sewage overflows.
Thames Water will do that.
When they were privatised, water companies had all the debt written off, so they started with zero.
Since then, they have borrowed £53 billion, much of which has been used to help pay £72 billion in dividends.
The investment has been made by borrowing and putting it on to customers’ bills.
Now, the ratings agency S&P has negative outlooks for two thirds of the UK water companies it rates, because they are over-leveraged and took out too much debt in an era of low interest, which they now have to pay back.
This is not a triumph but a huge problem for the resilience of our water industry.
What will the Minister do when water companies start falling over?
For information, Thames Water itself has not paid any dividends for the last six years.
Ofwat will rightly hold companies to account when they do  not clearly demonstrate the link between dividends and performance.
We made that possible through the landmark Environment Act.[Official Report,  10 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 2MC.]
I want to bring the Minister back to the figures we have just heard.
Water companies had no debt when they were privatised.
Since then, they have borrowed £53 billion, and much of that has been used to help pay £72 billion in dividends.
Meanwhile, we have an appalling sewage scandal, particularly in the south-east of England.
The failing company Southern Water, which my constituents have no choice but to rely on, is considering raising bills by £279 per year by 2030, largely to pay for the investment that it should have been making in previous years.
Does that not show that the privatisation of water was a serious mistake that needs to be permanently rectified?
Privatisation has enabled clean and plentiful water to come out of our taps.
It has unlocked £190 billion of funding to invest in the industry.
That is the equivalent of £5 billion annually, and is double what we had pre-privatisation.
I am not saying that there is not still a lot of scope for improvement.
I have stood at this Dispatch Box many times, as has the Secretary of State, to say that some actions of water companies are completely unacceptable.
That is why we have introduced the storm overflow plan and our plan for water.
As two Members have said, funding and loans to the water companies are a huge issue, as that is where they have paid their dividends from.
On shareholders, we have foreign investors taking huge amounts of money away from this country, and we need better fund managers who are able to assess where they put their money.
They should be held accountable, too.
Ofwat has not been doing what it is supposed to do.
I believe that the chief executive of Ofwat applied for a job at Thames Water.
That shows what the companies are doing and how Ofwat works with them—rather than scrutinising them, people are looking for the next job.
We have to stop that and stop my constituents paying more for water.
They need decent water in their homes and in the environment around them.
That is what we want the Government to ensure.
This Tory policy has failed for years.
I am not sure what the question was.
We want the same things: value for customers, and clean and plentiful water.
We want to hold the water companies to account.
We want them to invest the money needed to deliver the right services.
That is why we have a plan for water, our targets and the measures in the Environment Act.
It is why the regulator Ofwat has taken all the actions I mentioned to increase the transparency of water companies and to ensure that money is not being paid out if there is any environmental impact or performance negativity.
In the last year, a number of my constituents on the Westfield estate have had their homes and gardens flooded with raw sewage.
Yorkshire Water accepts that it is its sewage, but does not accept responsibility to help with the clean-up.
Will the Minister look at the legal position to ensure that water companies are held accountable?
In  the meantime, we should put pressure on Yorkshire Water and others to pay for the clean-up that my constituents are having to fund themselves.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have put huge pressure on the water companies, which now have to invest £56 billion in infrastructure to deal with sewage issues.
If he wants to meet me to talk about that issue, I will be happy to.
Back in January I asked the water Minister whether she thought that the current system of regulation was fit for purpose, and she said yes.
I ask her again: does she still think that it is?
Yes.
Water companies were sold with no debt when they were privatised in 1989.
In fact, they were given a £1.5 billion green dowry by the Government.
Since then, they have taken on borrowing of £60.6 billion, diverting income from customer bills to paying dividends and interest payments.
As a result, water bills have increased by upwards of 40% in real terms.
Does the Minister honestly think that consumers hail privatisation as a success?
Ultimately, the customers pay for investment in the industry, but over a very long period, as the hon.
Lady will know.
If a company did not pay out dividends it would struggle to get access to finance to fund future investment.
That would limit the level of investment and have an impact on future customers.
Companies have to pay up front for a lot of that investment, because they need to secure a large amount of funding to pay for it.
To avoid customer bills increasing drastically to pay for that, companies have to secure the money by raising debt or equity.
She knows how it works.
The regulator has to ensure that that system is fully functioning, the water companies are resilient and we have all the resilient water supply that we require.
It has been reported that the companies are drawing up their business plans for 2025 to 2030 and that, on average, they are looking at a 25% increase in bills.
Given what we have heard today, would billpayers in my constituency not think that rather than paying extra to water companies, they may as well just flush their money down the drain for all the good it will do to improve water quality, services and investment in infrastructure?
All those plans are being assessed right now.
The draft plans go to Ofwat, where they are analysed with a fine-toothed comb.
All the things I have mentioned today will be scrutinised, so that we can deliver the infrastructure that is needed and have the clean and plentiful water supplies we require as well as a clean and healthy environment, with no undue impact on customer bills.
All those things have to be taken into account to deliver the water supplies that the people we meet and the people we serve deserve.
The British public should not be asked to cover the cost of failures by the water monopolies and their shareholders.
They have  borrowed extensively to pay dividends while failing to make necessary investments in infrastructure and resilience.
Does the Minister agree that if the Government are compelled to take Thames Water into public ownership, it should stay in public hands?