The Privileges Committee’s conclusions are crystal clear that the former Prime Minister knowingly misled this House and subsequently tried to intimidate the very Committee carrying out the inquiry he set up.
Why did the Secretary of State not set an example and vote for the Privileges Committee’s report?
As I said to the media when this question was raised in an interview last week, it was simply because I felt the report was too excessive in its conclusions.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for the energy industry in Scotland.
Scotland’s energy industry is vital to supporting the UK’s energy security.
This Government have listened to Scotland’s energy industry, and we understand the need to encourage industry investment.
That is why we recently announced the energy security investment mechanism, which will remove the energy profits levy if oil and gas prices fall to normal levels for a sustained period prior to March 2028.
It is great to hear a cheer for the Secretary of State as he stood up.
I am sure he agrees that hydrogen production will be vital to meeting both the UK’s energy needs and our net zero targets.
Will he set out what the UK Government are doing to promote the development and production of hydrogen in Scotland?
Low-carbon hydrogen is critical to delivering energy security.
It presents a significant growth opportunity and will help the UK to reach net zero.
We have doubled our ambition to 10 GW of low-carbon hydrogen production capacity by 2030, and at least half of it will come from electrolytic hydrogen, drawing on the scale up of UK offshore wind, other renewables and, of course, new nuclear.
Will the discussions with the Scottish Government also include the problems with national grid transmission, which means National Grid is paying to turn off wind turbines because it cannot afford to get the electricity they generate to the south of the country?
By law, transmission network charging is a matter for Ofgem, which is an independent regulator.
It has recently produced a report on charging reforms, and the Government are looking at that report.
Whether his Department has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on supporting productive forestry planting in Scotland.
Although forestry is a devolved policy, we continue to work with the devolved Administrations to deliver a UK-wide step change in tree planting and establishment.
Last year, 50% of forestry planting was much-needed productive forestry for our construction and manufacturing industries.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there should now be a new UK-wide target that aims for 60% of new planting to be productive, allowing Scotland to lead the way for the rest of the UK?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for this industry, and it is the UK Government’s ambition to increase planting across the United Kingdom.
I know she is keen for productive forestry to be used to support the construction and manufacturing industries, which is also the Government’s ambition.
Scotland, as in so much else, leads the way on forestry and tree planting, at 10,000 hectares, fully three quarters of all tree planting across these islands.
Can the Secretary of State instruct the House on how, around the Cabinet table, he has championed Scotland’s progress in this area, or is he too cowering?
Not only do I champion it, I plant trees myself.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of child poverty in Scotland.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of child poverty in Scotland.
This Government are committed to tackling child poverty and protecting the most vulnerable in society.
In the recent Budget, the Chancellor announced additional support measures for households and families across Scotland and, indeed, across all parts of the United Kingdom.
A further example of support for families was announced earlier today, with the UK Government making childcare more affordable.
Almost 90,000 food parcels were given to children in Scotland last year, and the Trussell Trust’s “Hunger in Scotland” report shows that single parents make up only 2% of the population but 17% of those who have gone hungry.
This is about insufficiency of income.
The adult rate of benefits should be restored to single parents under the age of 25 on universal credit, which would be a practical way for the UK Government to support them.
Does the Minister agree?
I recognise the work that the hon.
Lady undertakes with the all-party group on food banks.
The Government are protecting the most vulnerable, with a £94 billion support package for households, and we have helped nearly 2 million people out of absolute poverty, after housing costs, since 2010.
My constituency is not among the poorest in Scotland, but we already have one in 10 children there—in some areas, one in three—living in poverty, with two thirds of them in working families.
With the soaring food prices, sky-high mortgage rates and Edinburgh having the highest increase in annual rents in the UK, families are struggling.
We know that our Scottish   Government are only interested in independence, so will the Minister tell me what the UK Government are going to do for those families?
The Government recognise the anxiety that people feel about rising mortgages, which is why the Prime Minister’s priority is to halve inflation this year.
That is the single best way we can keep costs and interest rates down for people, and we have a clear plan to deliver that.
The Chancellor also met mortgage lenders last week and has agreed a mortgage charter, covering 75% of the market.
We hope that that will provide reassurance to mortgage holders and others affected  by this.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in paying tribute to John Angeli OBE, Director of Parliamentary Broadcasting, who is leaving the House service at the end of this week.
During his 12 years as director, John not only oversaw the expansion of live video coverage to all public proceedings, but delivered the hybrid capability which enabled Parliament to function during lockdown and, of course, made history with President Zelensky being beamed into this Chamber.
He has more recently brought live subtitling and British Sign Language to our proceedings.
I am sure I speak on behalf of the whole House in thanking John and wishing him all the best for the future.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]