The Secretary of State and I represent large, rural constituencies with large hospitality and tourism sectors.
Will he therefore name one benefit that ending freedom of movement has brought to the labour market in either sector?
The Scottish National party likes to blame everything on Brexit, but for the past two years we have had record immigration into the United Kingdom.
That is a simple fact—record numbers since immigration figures began.
I had the pleasure and privilege of being elected to the Scottish Parliament in 1999 alongside Winnie Ewing.
She was undoubtedly an iconic figure of modern Scottish politics, from the Hamilton by-election to Madame Écosse and the opening of the Scottish Parliament.
I always found her to be kind and sympathetic to new Members, and she always had the best stories.
May she rest in peace.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the one thing that will reduce confidence in the Scottish labour market is the prospect of another independence referendum—real or de facto?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Business does not like uncertainty, and the constant harping on about independence is causing uncertainty among business.
The devolved Administration in Scotland should focus on the things that they were set up to do: education standards, the health service, drug deaths and getting some ferries rather than trying to create the island clearances.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the impact of cost of living increases on households in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the impact of cost of living increases on households in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the impact of cost of living increases on households in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the impact of cost of living increases on households in Scotland.
These questions show the originality of thought among the Opposition parties.
The United Kingdom Government recognise the challenges facing households due to elevated costs of living and so have taken action to protect struggling families with the largest support package in Europe.
UK-wide, support to households to help with higher bills is worth £94 billion, or £3,300 per household on average.
Over the winter, too many have had to make the decision whether to heat or eat—in fact, too many could not afford to do either.
With food inflation well in excess of 15%, and much higher on specific staple items, people simply cannot afford to eat.
What advice does the Minister have for households in Scotland, and those in Sunderland who I represent, who are worried about being able to provide food for their families?
Inflation is a problem affecting many western economies, particularly those in Europe, and it is right that this Government continue to provide cost of living support while sticking to our plan to avoid adding unnecessary inflationary pressures.
The average household in Scotland receives £1,850 from the UK Government, with the poorest households receiving £2,445.
About £5.2 billion was spent in 2022-23, which is more than the Scottish Government’s entire annual welfare budget.
After 13 consecutive hikes in interest rates, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has warned that 1.4 million more householders could face a 20% fall in disposable income.
This mortgage crisis started with a disastrous Tory mini-Budget last September and is adding to the cost of living crisis.
Will the Minister please explain what the hell his party is doing to clean up the mess it created?
We do not accept that analysis.
We recognise that this is a worrying time for homeowners and mortgage holders, but we cannot ignore the fact that interest rates have risen across western economies as a result of the pandemic and the impact of the war in Ukraine.
The Government remain committed to responsible economic management to bring inflation back under control, which is the only way to achieve sustainably lower interest rates and mortgage rates.
It is not just homeowners who are affected by spiralling interest rates; they also contribute to an average rent increase of over 8%.
The Scottish Government are doing their bit, using the limited powers they have.
They have extended the rent cap and extended the evictions freeze into March, so that nobody in Scotland will be thrown out of their house because they are poor; and of course in Scotland, thanks to the Scottish National party, we are not selling off council houses but building more of them.
What exactly are his Government doing to protect tenants in Scotland and to prevent an increase in homelessness?