The Prime Minister’s party spent thousands of pounds on adverts attacking plans to build 300,000 new homes a year.
At the same time, his Housing Minister says that it is Tory party policy to build 300,000 new homes a year.
So is the Prime Minister for building 300,000 new homes a year or against it?
I remind the right hon.
and learned Gentleman of our record since being in office: 2.2 million additional homes; housing starts double the number we inherited from the Labour party; more homes meeting the decent homes standard; housing supply up 10% in the last year for which we have figures; and, also in the last year for which we have figures, we saw a 20-year high in the number of first-time buyers.
That is a Conservative Government delivering for this country.
It was not a difficult question.
Can he point to a single person, in housing, construction or anywhere, who thinks that he will actually hit his target of 300,000 new homes a year?
Anyone?
The record is that in the last three years we have delivered almost record numbers of new home building in every one of those years.
He talks about targets, so let us be clear: I promised to put local people in control of new housing and I delivered on that policy within weeks of becoming Prime Minister.
But I am confused by the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, because first the shadow Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing, Communities and Local Government,  the hon.
Member for Wigan (Lisa Nandy) , said “communities should have control”, but then he said that we should bring targets back and disempower local people.
I want to give him some advice: I do not think it is local people that are the problem—it’s the Labour party’s policy.
Presumably, if he could have identified a single person who thought he would hit his target, he would have told us.
There you have the problem: one minute he says he is for building new houses, but the  next he is campaigning against them.
The truth is that far from delivering, since he crumbled to his Back Benchers and scrapped mandatory targets, house building has collapsed.
He knows it, they know it and every expert is telling them that.
Why does he not just admit it?
He is not going to get anywhere near his target, is he?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman now claims that he supports house building, especially on the green belt, but
unfortunately— Yes.
It’s good that he agrees that he does believe that now, but unfortunately for him, the shadow Deputy Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , the shadow Minister for Women,  the hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , the shadow Health Minister,  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting) , the shadow Justice Minister,  the hon.
Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed) , the shadow Minister for Defence,  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , the shadow Business Minister,  the hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds) , the shadow Minister for Northern Ireland,  the hon.
Member for Hove (Peter Kyle) , and the shadow Minister for Scotland,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  are all united against more house building in their areas.
I have to say to them that they do not have to worry too much, because he has never actually kept a promise he has made.
You can tell from his answer, Mr Speaker,—his non-answer—and his body language that he has actually given up.
His failure is not just shattering the dream of those who desperately want to own their own home; it is also hitting those who already have a mortgage.
Because of the Government’s economic chaos, mortgage holders will be £2,900 a year poorer.
How can the Government ever look the British people in the eye again and claim to be the party of home ownership?
I do not think he has noticed that his shadow Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing, Communities and Local Government, the hon.
Member for Wigan, does not actually agree with his new policy of concreting over the green belt.
She has been campaigning against development in her own constituency.
She said she wanted to “prevent urban sprawl” and “provide…green space for local people.”
I think that is quite sensible, but it is classic Labour—saying one thing here and doing another thing elsewhere.
You simply cannot trust a word they say.
At least he is not claiming they are the party of home ownership any more, because we are.
He’s given up.
The Prime Minister says he is “100% on it”, but his definition of “100% on it” is to gently ask the banks to do the right thing.
His softly, softly approach, refusing to put mandatory measures in place, risks leaving a million households without support.
How many will have to lose their homes before he will stand up for the people his party have pushed into economic misery?
In fact, the vast majority of the mortgage market is now covered by the new mortgage charter that the Chancellor has brought in.
That is delivering practical help for mortgage holders, allowing them to extend their terms, switch to interest-only mortgages and saving them hundreds of pounds a month.
So instead of scaring them, actually there is now practical support in place.
It is right that he raised home ownership.
That is why we, on the Government Benches, introduced a 95% mortgage guarantee scheme.
It is why we introduced the first homes and shared ownership schemes to get people on to the housing ladder, and, crucially, it is why we cut stamp duty.
Now what we see is the highest number of first-time buyers in 20 years—twice the number that the Labour party ever managed.
It is, “housing crisis, what crisis?”, with this Prime Minister.
He must be the only person in the country who thinks that enough houses have been built in the past 13 years.
Whether it is those dreaming of getting the keys to their first home, or those already with mortgages, the ambitions of families across the country have been crushed by his failing Tory Government: house building at its lowest rate since the war because he cannot stand up to his own party; a Tory mortgage bombshell because they crashed the economy; and millions left without support because he will not make lenders put families first.
Rather than lecturing the rest of the country on holding their nerve, why does he not try to locate his?
As always, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has not taken the time to understand the detail of what we are doing, so I am happy to explain it again.
It is right that we provide support for mortgage owners, which is why we improved the generosity of the Support for Mortgage Interest scheme.
It is why we have introduced the new mortgage charter, which, by the way, goes much further than the Labour party’s policy on protecting mortgage holders.
On house building, we are proud to protect the green belt and invest millions more in developing brownfield sites.
The simple truth is that that is what I said I would do, and that is what we have delivered.
That is the difference between us: I deliver on my promise, the Leader of the Opposition just breaks his.
Labour-run Kirklees Council’s local plan is seeing hundreds of homes being built on greenfield sites, but the agreed developer levies, the section 106 agreements, which are supposedly for local infrastructure spending, seem to be disappearing into a black hole.
Does the Prime Minister agree that agreed infrastructure levies from developers should not be going into a general slush fund?
They should be spent on local roads, local schools and local health services for the communities impacted by those developments.
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
That is why the Government are reforming the section 106 payment system to ensure that new development is matched by new infrastructure.
The current system sees far too little of developers’ profits going to build new schools, hospitals or transport infrastructure.
It is also too slow and plagued by uncertainties and that  particularly hampers smaller local developers.
It will be replaced by a new, non-negotiable, locally determined infrastructure levy, which will deliver exactly what my hon.
Friend and others want to see—investment in local communities.