The Prime Minister has had responsibility for the UK economy now for 1,323 days, and he has delivered—he has delivered the largest national peacetime debt ever, the largest tax burden since the second world war, the highest core inflation since 1991, the fastest interest rate rises since 1989 and the biggest fall in living standards in our history.
Will he stop lecturing my constituents about holding their nerve, ditch the lame excuses and admit  that he is literally the worst person to be leading this country through a cost of living crisis, because he created it?
Again, what do we hear from the Labour party?
Only ideas that would make the situation far worse.
It is as simple as that.
The hon.
Gentleman has sat there and supported plans to borrow tens of billions of pounds more.
That would make inflation worse.
He has sat there and said that we should not stand up to unaffordable union pay demands.
That would make the situation worse.
And he has sat there and supported plans to not exploit our domestic sources of energy, imperilling our energy security.
Those are all things that would make the situation worse for British families not just today but for years into the future.
This Conservative Government will keep doing the right thing to support them.
My constituents rely on many nearby hospitals: Milton Keynes, where the Government have committed to a new women and children’s hospital; Stoke Mandeville, which has just completed the build of a new children’s A&E; but also Wycombe, where infrastructure and maintenance issues in the ageing tower are preventing about 2,000 operations from going ahead every year.
My local NHS trust has a plan for a new £200 million clinical centre at Wycombe Hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister work with me and Buckinghamshire colleagues to make that a reality?
Although, as my hon.
Friend knows, we are no longer inviting further schemes to join the new hospital programme, I can tell him that new schemes will be considered through the rolling programme of capital investment in hospital infrastructure.
That will secure the building of new hospitals beyond 2030, and it will mean investment to upgrade the NHS estate across the country.
Future plans for that will be set out in spending reviews and fiscal events, but in the meantime, I know that he will continue to make the impassioned case for Wycombe Hospital, and I join him in that.
Hundreds of steelworkers are outside Parliament today, and some are in the Gallery, to call on the Prime Minister to act now to back our vital steel industry before it is too late.
Will he confirm today that he will match the ambition of the Labour party, and our international competitors, to deliver competitive energy prices, invest in green steel production, use UK steel in our procurement systems, and protect us from dirty steel imports by introducing climate measures?
When will he get on with protecting and supporting the industry?
We are proud to support the steel industry and value the contribution that it makes to this country.
That is why we put in place the energy-intensive industries exemption scheme, which provides hundreds of millions of pounds of support to steel companies for their energy bills; we have also introduced the industrial energy transformation fund so that companies can apply for capital grants to help them with the transition and are taking forward plans in the Treasury for carbon border adjustment mechanisms to ensure  a level playing field.
That is also why, during the pandemic, I stepped in to support financially a steel company in Wales.
Sadly, despite five years of lobbying, the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association international branch will leave the United Kingdom.
As you know, Mr Speaker, that is of great concern to the House and, although it is perhaps a little niche for our constituents, it is important.
The CPA needs special status, but the Government have not granted that by way of a short Bill or an amendment to an existing Bill.
Could the Prime Minister, at this late stage, this month, do something about that because otherwise the association will be gone, never to come back?
The United Kingdom values the work of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has made it clear that he does not want the CPA international to relocate.
He wrote to it in March to confirm that officials from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office would work with the CPA to find a mutually acceptable solution to the status issue, and I look forward to seeing progress.
Mr Speaker, your constituents and mine have been made a promise by the Prime Minister: inflation at or below 5% by the end of this year.
So let me ask the Prime Minister what will happen if he fails to meet that promise.
Will it be yet more ranting on about the Labour party, or will it be the general election that my constituents crave?
No, we are sticking to the course of bringing inflation down.
What the Labour party needs to understand is that that requires making difficult and tough decisions; it requires prioritising; it requires being able to say no when people come asking you to borrow more money.
Those are the types of responsible decisions that I and the Conservative Government will make because they are the right ones for the country.
For over 160 years, Southport pier has been at the centre of our visitor economy, welcoming visitors from far and wide, including from Chorley, Mr Speaker.
It has stood the test of time, but the mismanagement of Labour-controlled Sefton Council has closed our pier.
Businesses are concerned, and the impact on tourism will be huge.
Will the Prime Minister condemn the council’s actions and support my campaign and efforts to work with this Conservative Government to get our pier open?