This privatised industry knows that, at the end of the day, the banker of last resort is the British taxpayer.
That is exactly where we are with Thames Water, which has been taking profits for the last 35 years and not investing for the future.
Regardless of what went on before, we must have investment in what is in front of the industry, but Thames Water has failed to plan ahead.
It has taken money but not done the job expected of it while being in charge of such an essential public service.
What will the Government do to protect consumers and ensure that we plan ahead for the industry?
Ofwat is the independent regulator and, as the hon.
Member will know, the Government direct it through the strategic policy statement.
It is Ofwat’s job to ensure that in the price review, when the water companies submit their plans—they are going over the draft plans now—they demonstrate that they will deliver on the Government’s targets on storm overflows, leakage and demand reduction.
It is for Ofwat to ensure that companies will be resilient in delivering that infrastructure.
There is a firm structure in place.
Ofwat also constantly monitors companies’ gearing—debt-to-equity—levels, and the Government are confident that the regulator is taking reasonable measures to challenge companies to reduce those gearing levels where appropriate.
About a quarter of the country’s economic output is in sectors under regulators, including the water industry.
With Ofwat and in other sectors with Ofgem and the Financial Conduct Authority, we have seen regulators not performing to the standards that the public, or indeed industry, would expect.
If we are honest, we in this House and in Parliament do not have the toolkit to assess regulators’ performance on a systemic basis year in, year out.
Will my hon.
Friend work with ministerial colleagues to see whether we can improve the regular oversight of regulators such as Ofwat so that we can take a more rounded view on such issues, rather than have them come through urgent questions as brought by the Opposition?