This is my first opportunity to put a question to the Prime Minister for the residents of the City of Chester,  so why does the Prime Minister think it is acceptable for sewage to be pumped into the beautiful River Dee, which flows through Chester, for the next 27 years?
Of course it is not acceptable, and that is why this Government have gone further than any other in tackling the issue, committing to monitor 100% of storm overflows and to an investment programme of £56 billion to upgrade infrastructure, enshrining strict targets in law, and introducing unlimited fines for water companies.
But when it came to talking about those policies in this House, the Labour party could not even be bothered to turn up and vote for them.
Later today, Parliament will welcome apprentices from around the UK who work in the aerospace industry, and I am very much looking forward to meeting Callum and Britney, who are apprentices at Collins Aerospace in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister join me in celebrating apprenticeships in the aerospace industry and encourage colleagues to attend and meet their apprentices?
I join my hon.
Friend in celebrating everyone doing an apprenticeship and in encouraging everyone to go and meet their apprentices later today.
I pay tribute to Callum and Britney in particular.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of the aerospace industry, particularly because of our new defence co-operation agreement with Italy and Japan to build a new generation of fighter aircraft, which will create thousands of new jobs across the country, many of which will come through apprenticeships.
That is an example of this Conservative Government providing opportunities for the next generation.
Last year, 1.7 million children missed more than 10% of their schooling, 125,000 were absent more than they were in school, and a further 140,000 were completely missing from formal schooling.
This safeguarding and educational catastrophe is happening on the Prime Minister’s watch.
Yesterday, the Schools Minister told the Education Committee that primary legislation is required to initiate a national register of children missing from education so that we can find out where they are.
Will the Prime Minister commit to bringing forward the necessary legislation as a matter of urgency to combat this crisis for our children?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that children missing school is a tragedy and is incredibly damaging for educational outcomes, which is why during the pandemic and afterwards we invested £5 billion to help children catch up with lost learning.
It is important that we continue to deliver on those plans, and we will of course ensure that we work with the sector to have more children attending school more often.
Economic recovery and reconstruction will be vital to Ukraine when it comes to rebuilding a free and sovereign nation.
So will my right hon.
Friend help to galvanise the expertise of the UK’s private sector to strengthen Ukraine’s recovery and economic prospects after this devastating war?
Time and again Ukraine has shown its ability to rapidly harness innovation and creativity, and I know that its economic recovery will be no different.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that private sector expertise and investment will be critical to that recovery.
I was pleased that over 400 world-leading companies pledged to back Ukraine’s reconstruction at the successful recovery conference that the UK hosted the other week.
We are doing our part as well, with a $3 billion World Bank loan guarantee on top of all our other investment.
I think the conference showed that there is enormous momentum across the world to support Ukraine’s recovery, and that recovery and ambition are being led by the United Kingdom.
A university student in Lewisham East has seen her rent rise by £200 a month due to the mortgage rate increases.
She is now at risk of homelessness and cannot return to the family home.
She has no choice but to use food banks, even though she has two part-time jobs.
Not only is she falling behind in her studies; she is falling further into debt and falling into depression.
What does the Prime Minister say to constituents like mine who are paying the dual price of this Government’s cost of living crisis and their mortgage rates crisis?
We have taken significant action to help families across the country, most notably by taxing the windfall profits of energy companies and using that money to pay around half the energy bill of a typical family, including all of the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
That support is worth £1,500, and I am pleased that energy bills are forecast to fall by £430 when the price cap resets in a couple of days.
Beyond that, there is considerable support for the most vulnerable in our society, including £900 in cost of living payments for those on universal credit and additional support for pensioners and disabled people.
That is what we will continue to do.
We are heading into the fifth week of Sandwell Labour’s refuse strikes.
We have had flying pickets, reports of the GMB blocking ambulance workers from getting out of their depot as a result of its picket lines, and a police and crime commissioner encouraging the police not to police it.
I ask my right hon.
Friend to convene a meeting urgently so that we can resolve this, and perhaps he will join me in telling Labour politicians—one in particular—to grow a spine and put people before their paymasters.
More!
Order.
We have done very well—don’t spoil it now.
My hon.
Friend put it very well: he has illustrated exactly the issue.
The Labour party is unable to stand up to its union paymasters and back our plans to introduce minimum service and safety levels in critical industries.
That is the type of practical action that supports working families, and it is action that the Labour party is not strong enough to support.
After the events in Russia at the weekend, it is unclear what the future holds for the Wagner Group, but the catalogue of crimes it has committed  across Africa and the middle east and, of course, in Ukraine can never be washed away.
Despite all that, the Government do not yet have a permanent Cabinet Office official to co-ordinate all the organs of Government to pursue the criminals in the Wagner Group.
Will the Prime Minister appoint one and, crucially, will he fund the collection of evidence of Wagner Group war crimes that have been committed across the world, so that no matter what happens, these criminals can be brought to justice in future?
We have consistently condemned the Wagner Group, and we carefully monitor its actions in Ukraine and the wider world that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned.
We have designated both the Wagner Group and its leader under our sanctions regime, and we support international mechanisms that hold individual mercenaries in the Wagner Group to account for violations of international law, but I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are also working very closely with our partners to counter the malign use of such proxies, both by Russia and more generally across the continent.
On Monday night, an illegal Traveller encampment was established in Bretton Park.
On Saturday, the much-loved Bretton festival is due to take place in that park.
This House passed legislation that gives police more powers to tackle illegal encampments.
Will the Prime Minister make it clear from the Dispatch Box that he expects the police to use those powers on these encampments, which blight public spaces and public parks in places such as Peterborough?
We absolutely recognise the misery that unauthorised encampments can cause to local communities.
That is why we have delivered on our manifesto commitment to give police the powers they need to tackle those people in unauthorised encampments who are causing harm.
Of course, how the police use those powers is an operational matter for chief constables, but we would not have legislated for them if we did not expect chief constables to use them.
I am told that Home Office officials are liaising regularly with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on this exact matter.
rose— Final question—Martin Docherty-Hughes.
In the past couple of days, yet again we have been reminded that a Member of the other House was appointed contrary to the recommendations of MI5.
We learned from a Channel 4 film that even the monarch was asked to be involved because Whitehall officials were so opposed, given that the person was deemed a security risk to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
So I ask the Prime Minister: does he agree with MI5, or does he agree with his predecessor that that peer should still be in the other House?
Mr Speaker, for obvious reasons I will talk in more general terms.
The House of Lords Appointments Commission vets Cross-Bench and party political life peerage nominations to the House of Lords and, where appropriate, seeks advice from Government Departments and agencies.
The House of Lords  Appointments Commission has previously undertaken that, were a Prime Minister to recommend a peerage against the commission’s formal advice, it would write publicly to the relevant parliamentary Select Committee.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
We come now to the urgent question.
[Interruption.]
If people could stop having conversations in the middle of the Chamber, that would be helpful, Mr Slaughter.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if she will make a statement on the financial resilience of the water industry.
Water is what makes life possible on our planet, and it is essential for our health and wellbeing, as well as for our economy, including the production of food and clean energy.
The Government are taking significant steps to ensure that the water industry is delivering the outcomes that bill payers expect and deserve.
Water companies have invested £190 billion since privatisation in 1989.
In April, the Government published the plan for water, bringing together more investment, stronger regulation and tougher enforcement capacity for regulators in relation to those who pollute.
Ofwat and the Government take the financial resilience of the water sector very seriously.
Ofwat is the independent economic regulator for the water sector and has responsibility for its financial resilience.
The sector as a whole is financially resilient.
Ofwat continues to monitor the financial position of all the key water and waste water companies.
Ofwat reports annually on the sector’s financial resilience, and Ofwat’s latest annual monitoring financial resilience report shows that the water sector is financially resilient.
Market confidence in the sector is demonstrated by new acquisitions, such as Pennon’s purchase of Bristol Water, and by shareholders being willing to inject new capital.
Ofwat has taken steps in recent years to strengthen the sector’s position.
That includes action to update the ringfencing provisions in water company licences to better safeguard the interests of customers, and barring water companies from making payouts to shareholders and removing money or assets from the business if they lose their investment grade credit rating.
Ofwat has outlined that water companies must be transparent about how executive pay and dividends align to the delivery of services to customers, including environmental performance.
Since privatisation, total capital investment has outstripped dividends by 250%.
On  20 March 2023 , Ofwat announced new powers that will enable it to take enforcement action against water companies that do not link dividend payments to performance for both customers and the environment.
In December 2022, Ofwat strengthened its powers on executive pay awards by setting out that shareholders, and not customers, will fund pay awards where companies do not demonstrate that their decisions or pay awards reflect overall performance.
We support Ofwat’s work, and we urge all water companies to take this opportunity to review their policies.
The scale of Government commitment to the water industry is highlighted by the integrated plan for water, and by our commitment to the financial resilience of the sector in delivering for customers and the environment.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question, but it is a concern that the Secretary of State did not proactively make a statement to the  House on an issue of such importance.
Indeed, where is the Secretary of State?
One of the largest water companies in Britain is potentially going to go to the wall, and the Secretary of State is missing in action.
It was clear to anyone looking on that a culture that allowed vital investment in ending the sewage scandal and tackling water leaks to be sacrificed in favour of a goldrush for shareholders was never sustainable.
Just last year, as raw human sewage was being pumped out across the country, £1.4 billion was paid out to shareholders.
Now, all that was warned about is coming to pass: leaks are leading to water shortages; sewage dumping pollutes our rivers, lakes and seas; and the only thing on the up is debt, at £60 billion.
The Conservative party’s cycle of privatising profit, usually for multibillion-pound foreign sovereign wealth funds, and nationalising risk is not sustainable, and neither is it a fair deal for working people.
The news we are seeing is the result of the Conservative party’s failed “profit above public interest” experiment, in which it handed over the water industry at a knock-down price to private enterprise, together with the entire infrastructure serving the nation.
That was almost unique to water.
For instance, when rail was privatised, the tracks were not sold off.
With water, however, the lot was handed over, with few safeguards for our national interest, our national security or bill payers.
When was the Minister’s Department first made aware of the financial situation at Thames Water?
Has her Department had any reason to believe that those responsible at Thames Water would not be able to meet their licence conditions or legal obligations?
If this means a taxpayer-funded bail-out, how much will that cost and how will it be paid for?
What assessment has she made of the liability of UK pension funds that are invested in Thames Water, and in other water companies considered to be at risk?
Given where we are, will she confirm her confidence in the financial regulator?
Finally, given what we see with Thames Water today, does she have concerns about any other water companies, or does she consider this to be an isolated case?
In the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, we have our individual portfolios, and I am the water Minister.
The Secretary of State has full confidence in her Ministers when sending them to the Dispatch Box.
The shadow Minister raised the issue of debt.
For information, debt to equity fell last year by 4% in the water industry, actually making it more resilient.
Since privatisation, capital investment in the water industry has been 84% higher than it was pre-privatisation—we need to get that out there and on the table.
In terms of Thames Water, it is not for me to comment on the individual financial position of a water company.
We have an independent regulator that is doing that; indeed, that is what the regulator, Ofwat, is for.
Water companies are commercial entities, and it is for the company and its investors to resolve any issues.
The Government, of course, are confident that Ofwat, as the economic regulator of the water industry, is working closely with any company that is facing financial stress.