Residents in Twickenham, Teddington and the Hamptons will be extremely worried to hear that Thames Water is on the brink of collapse, but they are also fed up to the back teeth with this company.
Not only does it pump sewage into our precious River Thames, but recently we have seen sewage flooding our streets at times of flooding from rainfall, and there are now plans to pump treated sewage into the Thames at times of drought.
That is indicative of the company’s underinvestment in fixing leaks and being stripped to the bare bones while lining executives’ pockets.
All the while, the Government have been missing in action and the regulator has failed.
Will the Minister back the Liberal Democrats’ proposals to reform water companies into public good companies, transforming their boards and priorities in the interests of the environment and consumers?
I will highlight the Thames super-sewer—it will be ready to open in the not-too-distant future—which is a tremendous project for the people of London, including many of her constituents.
We have a privatised system, whose financial resilience, as I have reported, has increased rather than decreased in the last year.
These companies attract money from investors so that we can get what we need.
The Government have costed plans.
The Liberal Democrats have no costed plans for what they suggest they might do with the water companies, nor plans for where the money will come from.
It is worth pointing out to Opposition parties that 93% of all UK coastal bathing waters meet good or excellent conditions.
In North Norfolk we have lost three blue flag beaches, which went from excellent to good.
But guess what?
There is not a single reason why they lost that flag.
Under the Environment Agency’s marking, it looks like it is down to not combined sewage overflows but entirely natural phenomena.
Could the Minister help me get my blue flags back and hold the Environment Agency to task, to ensure that it has a proper testing regime that transparently shows that we have excellent bathing water quality all over North Norfolk?