I wish to start by paying tribute to SNP legend Winnie Ewing and to the former manager of Scotland men’s national team, Craig Brown, who both sadly passed in recent days, and I send best wishes to all Muslims who are celebrating Eid Mubarak.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister patronised the public when he told them that, in the face of ever-increasing mortgage bills, they simply need to hold their nerve.
What a nerve!
May I ask him, the near billionaire, when was the last time that he struggled to pay a bill?
Mortgage rates are rising because of inflation.
That is the root cause, which is why it is absolutely the right policy to halve inflation and reduce it back to target.
That does mean that we have to make difficult decisions.
That does mean that we have to be patient while those decisions actually have an impact.
In the meantime, as I was explaining previously, we are taking practical steps to support mortgage holders across the United Kingdom, particularly through the new Support for Mortgage Interest scheme and the new mortgage charter.
That answer confirms what we already know—this Prime Minister is out of touch and the Tory party is soon to be out of time.
What the public really want is change
but, in a week when the Conservative party and indeed the Labour party both refused to accept proposals for public sector pay rises, while at the same time accepting the economic damage of Brexit, is it not the case that Westminster offers the people neither real change, nor real hope for the future?
The hon.
Gentleman just exposes the complete economic illiteracy of the SNP’s position.
His first question talks about the challenges posed to ordinary families by higher interest rates, caused by higher inflation.
What does his next question do?
Support a policy that would increase Government borrowing and make the situation worse.
That just demonstrates, completely candidly, why the SNP’s approach to economic management is simply not fit for anyone in the United Kingdom.
Local police stations are a key part of communities such as Aldridge in my constituency, which is why I continue to make the case to Labour’s police and crime commissioner for saving and strengthening the role of Aldridge police station, rather than forcing it to close.
Does the Prime Minister agree that any such closure would be reckless, and that police and crime commissioners should be working with local communities and local police teams to provide greater certainty, particularly given the extra 1,376 police officers this Government have put into the west midlands?
I am pleased to hear about the extra police officers the Government have funded in my right hon.
Friend’s community, but I am concerned to hear about the planned closure of Aldridge police station.
I thank her for raising such an important issue.
I know it is one on which she is championing her constituents.
As she will know, unfortunately, that is a decision of the locally elected Labour police and crime commissioner, and I join her in urging them to think again.
Diolch yn fawr, Lefarydd.
The Prime Minister’s solution to inflation is to push families into poverty while letting corporate profits pile up.
Economic illiteracy?
The International Monetary Fund said this week that the way to cut inflation is for companies to cut their profit margins.
It is corporate greed that is fuelling inflation, not workers’ need for fair play.
Can he explain to the one in five people in Wales facing hunger because they cannot afford to buy decent food why they must pay his price for lowering inflation?
Actually, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor met with all the economic regulators this morning and they will be making an announcement later about their plans to ensure fairness of pricing in supply chains to ease the burden on consumers.
I am glad the right hon.
Lady brought up the IMF when it comes to tackling inflation.
The IMF, in its words, strongly endorsed our plan to halve inflation and called our steps “decisive and responsible”.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I have been liaising closely with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and with the Treasury with regard to the terrible news of Woking Council’s recent section 114 notice.
Does he agree that, in this scenario, the vulnerable must be protected and local councillors of all parties must work together to try to put the council’s finances back on the right track?
I know my hon.
Friend is a great champion for his Woking residents.
As he knows, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up has intervened in that authority and appointed commissioners to ensure that decisions are taken that provide the best outcomes for residents, including the most vulnerable, and for the public purse.
I agree with him that local councillors should be working together with the commissioners to put the council’s finances in order.
The commissioners will submit their first report to the Secretary of State setting out progress on the council’s path to improvement and financial sustainability, and I look forward with him to seeing further progress.