At over 19%, food inflation in the UK is 50% higher than among our EU neighbours, yet both the Government and the Labour party seem to be in complete denial about Brexit’s contribution to this cost of eating crisis.
With 28% of the UK’s food coming from Europe, how will the UK Government prevent a new surge in food prices next winter, when extra post-Brexit checks are introduced at the border?
As the Chancellor has said, food price inflation has been a problem in many parts of Europe.
In Germany, Sweden, Portugal and Poland, food price inflation is around 20%, so this is not a UK-only problem.
The Government are doing everything they can to deal with Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the aftermath of the pandemic.
We have one central focus, which is bringing inflation down.
We are ensuring that is this Government’s one priority.
The London School of Economics has shown that a third of food inflation in the UK is due to Brexit.
With the loss of freedom of movement and European workers, Brexit has also caused £60 million of Scottish fruit and veg to rot in the fields, threatening farms and further increasing the cost even of domestic  produce.
As a Brexiteer, should the Secretary of State not apologise to the Scottish public, including his own constituents, for driving up food prices, and maybe explain why he still supports the proven liar who was one of its main architects?
We do not accept the SNP’s analysis.
As I have already explained, food inflation is an issue in many parts of Europe.
It is a bit rich for an SNP Member to bring up food price inflation and rising costs, especially when leaked papers this morning revealed that SNP Ministers in Edinburgh are discussing raising council tax by up to 22.5%, meaning that some people will end up paying £751 more per year.
Under the SNP in Scotland, local government funding has been gutted, forcing councils to slash local services and impose large tax hikes.
I will take no lessons from the hon.
Member about bringing prices down for households in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department’s policies on strengthening the Union of allegations of standards of impropriety in public life.
The United Kingdom is the most successful political and economic union in the world—the foundation on which all our businesses and citizens are able to thrive.
When we work collaboratively as one United Kingdom, we are safer, stronger and more prosperous; we are better able to draw on the institutions that unite us, such as the health service, the armed forces and our world-class education system; and we are better able to respond to challenges, such as supporting families with the cost of living and leading the international response to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine.
Does the Secretary of State think that the former Prime Minister, who was fined by the police and subsequently found to have knowingly lied to the late Queen, this House and therefore the public, strengthened or weakened the Union?
The Union has never been stronger, and this Prime Minister has said that those in public life should aspire to the highest standards of propriety.
I think we can all agree about the importance of politicians telling the truth.
In that context, has my right hon.
Friend seen the video released by the Scottish Government in which Cabinet Secretary Angus Robertson makes a range of spurious claims about devolution being under attack by the UK Government?
If so, what does he think of it?
I did see Angus Robertson’s video clip, and I think I counted 16 false claims in the space of one minute and 40 seconds.
That is a false claim every six seconds—pretty impressive, even by his standards.
As usual, the nationalists are desperate to invent a grievance, but the reality is that the UK Government respect devolution, support it and strengthen it.
The only people who want to destroy devolution are the ones who want to rip us out of the United Kingdom.