As I said previously, tackling inflation is this Government’s priority.
It is the best way to support mortgage holders and the people who rent accommodation.
Is the Minister aware of the recent YouGov survey commissioned by Feeding Britain, which shows that, in May, almost one in six adults in Scotland reported that they or someone in their household had accessed food aid in the previous three months?
Does he agree that it is now time for the Government to launch a food poverty strategy?
Will he support the principles outlined in my private Member’s Bill to end food bank use by 2030?
This United Kingdom Government remain absolutely committed to supporting the most vulnerable in society during these difficult times.
That is evidenced by our providing support to people who need it the most: for example, over £137.5 billion to pensioners on benefits, £67.9 billion on benefits to support disabled people and people living with health conditions, and a further £114.3 billion on welfare benefits for working-age adults and children.
In addition, since April, benefits and state pensions have been uprated by 10.1%.
This Government are taking the action that is most required to support the people in most need, and we reject the hon.
Gentleman’s analysis that we are doing nothing.
Under the last Labour Government, absolute child poverty levels in Scotland fell from 40% in 1997 to 20% in 2007, but that has been all but reversed.
The SNP Government are not on track to meet their own goal of lowering child poverty to less than 10% by 2030—[Interruption.]
SNP Members shout, but there is a reason why they do so.
What steps are the UK Government taking to ensure that child poverty returns to the low levels last seen under the last Labour Government?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the failures of the Scottish Government, and SNP Members’ reaction shows that they do not like being challenged.
They shout, heckle and try to shut down any contrary argument.
As I said, this Government are absolutely committed to supporting the most vulnerable in society.
We will continue to support all parts of our society—children, householders and anyone else who needs support during these cost of living pressures.
Last year, £4.2 billion in balancing costs was added to our energy bills.
That means paying wind farm operators to turn off their turbines and at the same time paying gas operators to fire theirs up owing to grid constraints and a lack of storage.
However, pumped-storage hydro schemes in Scotland could create 15,000 jobs and lower bills, so why are this Government not fighting tooth and nail to put in place contractual arrangements that would get these schemes up and running?
In relation to the cost of living—the theme of these questions—the energy price guarantee will save households £160 for the period until July, bringing the total Government support for energy bills to £1,500 for a typical household since October 2022.
We are also ending the premium paid by more than 4 million UK households for prepayment meters, bringing  their charges into line with those paid by comparable customers using direct debit.
This Government are absolutely committed to supporting people who face cost of living pressures.
I know that the Prime Minister and the Government are entirely focused on helping people to deal with those pressures.
However, the focus of the SNP Government seems to be elsewhere, as we saw last weekend when the First Minister announced that the next election would be entirely focused on yet another independence referendum.
Does the Minister agree that that is the wrong priority for Scotland, and that Scotland’s two Governments should be working together to improve the delivery of public services and help people with the cost of living?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Both of Scotland’s Governments—the UK Government and the Scottish Government—should be focused on delivering better public services and supporting people with the cost of living, but instead we hear the SNP cheering about another independence referendum.
This Government remain focused on delivering for the people of Scotland; I am just sad that the SNP Government in Edinburgh fail to do so.