May we never

forget his service and the ultimate sacrifice he made for the freedom

of Ukraine.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 19, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 20

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine artificial intelligence in

financial services.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine public investment.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rebecca

Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, Melissa Holyoak, of Utah,

and Andrew N. Ferguson, of Virginia, each to be a

Federal Trade Commissioner, and Douglas Dziak, of

Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product

Safety Commission.
10:45 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nominations of James C.

O'Brien, of Nebraska, to be an Assistant Secretary

(European and Eurasian Affairs), Dennis B. Hankins, of

Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti,

Nathalie Rayes, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to

the Republic of Croatia, and Tobin John Bradley, of

California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Guatemala, all of the Department of State, and other

pending nominations.
S-116

2 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine child care since the

pandemic, focusing on macroeconomic impacts of public

policy measures.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Putin's personal prisoner

Vladimir Kara-Murza.
RHOB-2200

2:15 p.m.

Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine growing the economy of the

future, focusing on job training for the clean energy

transition.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine drought impacts on drinking

water access and water availability.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine drinking water infrastructure

and tribal communities.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Federal Courts, Oversight, Agency Action,

and Federal Rights

To hold hearings to examine restoring transparency and

accountability in the accommodation process.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine improving mental health and

suicide prevention measures for our Nation's veterans.
SEPTEMBER 21

9 a.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine ensuring accessible

government technology for people with disabilities,

older adults, and veterans.
10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 384, to establish the

Springfield 1908 Race Riot National Monument in the

State of Illinois, S. 432, to amend the Wild and Scenic

Rivers Act to designate the Nulhegan River and Paul

Stream in the State of Vermont for potential addition

to the national wild and scenic rivers system, S. 507,

to establish the Ralph David Abernathy, Sr.,