Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill that would exempt

from federal government shutdowns the federal and independent agencies

that are exclusively or primarily federally funded but have

jurisdiction over local District of Columbia civil and criminal justice

matters.
This bill is modeled on a provision I have gotten enacted each

year

since the 2013 federal government shutdown to exempt the D.C.

government from federal government shutdowns.
This bill would exempt the following agencies from federal government

shutdowns: Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for D.C.,

D.C. Courts, D.C. Public Defender Service, D.C. Commission on Judicial

Disabilities and Tenure, D.C. Judicial Nomination Commission and D.C.

Criminal Justice Coordinating Council.
With one exception, these

agencies are not under the District's control and are funded

exclusively by the federal government.
These agencies provide critical

local services to the District, including law enforcement, and should

continue to function during a federal government shutdown.
Each of these agencies has been adversely affected by federal

government shutdowns, including canceled services and furloughed

employees.
My bill would allow these agencies to continue to function

during a federal government shutdown, in much the same way that the

D.C. government itself is now exempt from shutting down during a

federal government shutdown.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, on September 12, 2023, I was

unable to be present for the recorded suspension votes on Roll Call No.
383, 384, and 385.
Had I been present, I would have voted: Yes on Roll

Call No.
383, H.R. 3152, Fight CRIME Act, as amended; Yes on Roll Call

No.
384, H.R. 589, MAHSA Act; and Yes on Roll Call No.
385, H. Res.
492, Condemning the Government of Iran's state-sponsored persecution of

the Baha'i minority its continued violatio of the International

Covenants on Human Rights.
On September 14, 2023, my vote was recorded as YES on Roll Call No.
391 for H.R. 1435, the Preserving Choice in Vehicle Purchases Act.
I

intended to vote No.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
BENJAMIN ZELENKO

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. Benjamin

Zelenko, a distinguished constituent and exemplary citizen who helped

shape the revival of our national commitment to equality through the

Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Mr. Zelenko has accomplished a lifetime of

excellent service to this great Nation and this body, making vital

contributions to our journey towards a more perfect union.
Mr. Zelenko served as a top aide to Representative Emanuel Celler,

the legendary Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee during the apex

of the Civil Rights Movement.
Mr. Zelenko played a critical role in the

Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the

Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, and the Gun Control Act of

1968.
Mr. Zelenko helped Representative Celler shepherd these bills

through fraught Committee debates, floor debates and final passage.
Later in his career, Mr. Zelenko represented Japanese Americans in

their fight for reparations and redress for their unlawful and

outrageous internment by the U.S. Government during World War II.
He

argued their case in United States v. William Hohri, et al.
before the

U.S. Supreme Court.
This case helped pave the way for the enactment of

the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 which awarded $20,000 in reparations

and an official apology from the U.S. Government to tens of thousands

of Japanese Americans.
Throughout his career in several of our Nation's leading law firms,

Mr. Zelenko championed human rights, workers' rights, and intellectual

property rights.
Mr. Zelenko documented his experiences helping to pass

monumental legislation for an oral history project conducted by this

body's Office of the Historian for the public record.