Those who know

Carl understand retirement will not result in the end of his

mentorship; as a resident of the University District, he has already

expressed an interest in maintaining his position as a role model

within the community.
Nonetheless, retirement will allow Carl some

much-deserved time with his wife of over 4 decades.
Betty, along with

their children, Mario, Samantha, and Phylicia.
Buffalonians and Roswell

Park patients, alike, owe Carl an incredible debt of gratitude, and it

is my pleasure to recognize his career as a capable worker and generous

man.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS OF RONALD GILSON

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

the longtime treasurer of the Amherst Democratic Committee.
Ronald

Gilson.
A resident of Amherst since 1962.
Ron has been an indispensable

member oft he Committee since 1994.
He jumped in head-first, ensuring that technical operations like

utilities.
internal telephone banks, and essential supplies were always

cared for at headquarters.
His willingness to volunteer in this

capacity was also incredibly valuable to Chairman Jeremy Zellner when

the Erie County Democratic Committee moves its headquarters to

Larkinville.
Ron was there to ensure a seamless transition with the

proper technology setup.
Naturally, he also became familiar with the

Committee's practice of posting signs, gathering signatures, and

distributing campaign literature.
Just 5 years into his involvement

with ADC, the Amherst Democratic Chairman approached Ron to become a

temporary treasurer.
Temporary, of course, is not an accurate

description of Ron's time as treasurer--as he just handed the reins

over after 22 years.
Ron also volunteers his time at the Buffalo and Eric County Naval

Park as a docent and technical advisor.
He volunteers his knowledge and

time to countless citizens and visitors, alike, so they can appreciate

the fearless bravery of our veterans and the richness of our local

history.
On the tours that he provides, Ron has the ability to capture

the imagination of young Americans, so they understand the sacrifices

that were made to ensure our collective freedom.
The staff at the Naval

Park is undoubtedly grateful for his continued dedication to their

endeavors.
Lastly, I would be remiss not to mention Ron's consistent involvement

at the Niagara Frontier Radio Reading Service for the blind with his

wife, Corine.
Throughout the week, this organization reads newspapers,

magazines, and books for the visually impaired.
Ron's involvement with

Niagara Frontier Radio Service, Buffalo and Erie County Naval &

Military Park, and the Amherst Democratic Committee prove him to be a

worthy candidate of recognition.
I am excited to honor Ron for his

selfless efforts that have such a tangible impact on our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE OPERATION OF THE INTEGRATED WASTE TREATMENT UNIT

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, alongside my esteemed

colleagues Senators Mike Crapo and Jim Risch, to recognize the

committed staff at the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) Site's

Integrated Waste Treatment Unit (IWTU).
In the face of many challenges,

the employees who supported IWTU demonstrated professionalism,

expertise, dedication to the mission, and exemplified the spirit of

American innovation.
IWTU engineers, scientists, crafts specialists, plant operators, and

administration professionals always believed they could overcome the

challenges of this first-of-a-kind radioactive liquid waste treatment

facility.
Following its construction from 2007 to 2011, the IWTU

underwent testing of its steam-reforming process, which was chosen to

solidify 900,000 gallons of liquid sodium-bearing waste from an

underground tank farm.
This waste was generated during the INL's spent

nuclear fuel reprocessing mission during the height of the Cold War.
From the first demonstration run at the IWTU in 2012, mechanical

problems were apparent as metal filters became plugged, resulting in a

quick shutdown of the facility.
During subsequent runs, further

mechanical problems surfaced as well as chemistry challenges within the

IWTU's primary reaction vessel.