This case helped pave the way for the enactment of

the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 which awarded $20,000 in reparations

and an official apology from the U.S. Government to tens of thousands

of Japanese Americans.
Throughout his career in several of our Nation's leading law firms,

Mr. Zelenko championed human rights, workers' rights, and intellectual

property rights.
Mr. Zelenko documented his experiences helping to pass

monumental legislation for an oral history project conducted by this

body's Office of the Historian for the public record.
His encyclopedic

recollection of the minutiae of the events of 1964 reminds us that

landmark civil rights protections were not inevitable but rather were

won through grueling and sustained efforts spanning decades of social

struggle.
A Princeton University and Harvard Law graduate, Mr. Zelenko

contributed his great knowledge and gifts to the unending quest for a

more perfect union.
We are fortunate as a Nation that he chose to use

his immense talents to serve the causes of social justice and equality.
Mr. Zelenko is a beloved husband, father and grandfather.
He married

Barbara (Saltz) Zelenko in 1961.
In 1964, the Zelenkos moved to

Maryland's beautiful Eighth District where they raised their 3

children, Brian, Laura and Carin.
Ben and Barbara Zelenko still live in

the same house they first occupied.
This year, Mr. Zelenko celebrated

his 90th birthday surrounded by his loving children and 6

grandchildren, Leslie, Jennifer, Sasha, Katya, Lia and Kayla.
Mr.

Zelenko is known by his family for being a gracious and captivating

host, performing magic shows at all 6 of his grandchildren's birthday

parties and seizing any opportunity to tell a great story.
I am proud

to salute Mr. Zelenko for his lifetime of service and extraordinary

character.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF CARL THOMAS

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

a stalwart figure in the Buffalo community, Carl Thomas.
After roughly

4 decades of leading by example at Roswell Park Cancer Institute and

Kevin's Guest House, it is only proper to acknowledge and give

gratitude for a lifelong dedication to those in need of help.
A graduate of Lafayette High School, he has always put the needs of

his hometown neighbors ahead of his own.
At the very beginning of his

professional career, Carl recognized an unfortunate and common

challenge for so many cancer patients--having a stable place to stay

during treatment.
As a volunteer at Kevin's Guest House, a local

hospitality guest house, he undoubtedly recognized that a community

effort can make the bleak reality of cancer a little easier on a

patient and their loved ones.
Of course, Carl was familiar with cancer

treatment and hospital care due to his father's employment at Roswell.
As he began his own career at Roswell Park (later earning the role of

Chief of Public Safety).
Carl devoted his time and energy toward the

needs and safety of the entire Roswell campus.
He

saw these 2 institutions, Kevin's Guest House and Roswell Park, as

inherently intertwined and was one of the earliest to recognize Roswell

Park's leading role in the fight against cancer.
Carl's passion for

Roswell's success earned him the position as Chief Organizational and

Community Liaison.
In essence, he has worked as an ambassador for

Roswell with community organizations, government officials, churches,

and block clubs in Western New York.
As an African American executive, Carl Thomas has often cited his

responsibility to lead a new generation of achievers.
Those who know

Carl understand retirement will not result in the end of his

mentorship; as a resident of the University District, he has already

expressed an interest in maintaining his position as a role model

within the community.
Nonetheless, retirement will allow Carl some

much-deserved time with his wife of over 4 decades.
Betty, along with

their children, Mario, Samantha, and Phylicia.