Through the foresight of the MST board members and the ongoing

support of the federal government, transit service in the Monterey Bay

region is consistently at the forefront of technology and innovation,

with annual ridership reaching as high as 5 million passengers on

traditional fixed-route buses as well as Americans with Disabilities

Act (ADA) paratransit minibus service for disabled customers, the

popular MST Trolley system for visitors, ``MST OnCall'' demand response

services in south Monterey County, and the JAZZ Bus Rapid Transit

system.
In 2014, with 73 percent voter support, MST became the first

public agency in Monterey County to pass a countywide local funding

initiative known as Measure Q to support the mobility needs of

veterans, seniors, and persons with disabilities.
MST was also the

first transit operator in the country to finance and construct a bus

operations and maintenance facility utilizing the federal Build America

Bureau--Rural Initiative program, and the first transit operator to

implement an open-loop, contactless payment system that provides

discounted fares to eligible customers.
Now for the second half of its first century of operation, MST is

moving forward with a slate of new projects and initiatives to support

their vision of connecting communities, creating opportunity and being

kind to our planet.
These include the implementation of the Better Bus

Network, the outcome of a yearlong planning effort that will provide

the residents of Monterey County with faster, more direct connections

to work, school, shopping and medical appointments.
The proposed MST

SURF!
Busway and Bus Rapid Transit will extend the existing JAZZ BRT

system 6.5 miles north from Sand City to Marina utilizing bus-only

lanes and zero emission vehicles to improving access and opportunities

for connections to jobs on the Monterey Peninsula, recreational

activities and easy access to educational opportunities including

nearby California State University, Monterey Bay.
Finally, MST is

putting rolling stock and infrastructure in place today that includes

enroute inductive charging stations, designing micro-grid technologies,

and procuring battery electric buses as it moves to transition to a

fleet of 162 buses to planet-friendly 100 percent zero-emission buses

powered from renewable sources.
In addition, MST is at the forefront of forging partnerships with

local stakeholders to expand public transit options throughout the

community.
This past year, MST celebrated 30 years of partnership with

the City of Monterey and Monterey Bay Aquarium in providing fast, fun,

and free transit services to visitors and residents alike reducing

visitor related traffic congestion, lowering greenhouse gas emissions,

and reducing microplastics from vehicles traveling adjacent to the

Monterey Bay Marine Sanctuary.
MST's partnerships also extend to local

colleges, with a EcoSmart Pass program with California State

University-Monterey Bay Hartnell Community College, and Monterey

Peninsula Colleges, discount pass programs available to all Monterey

County school districts.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to commend the Monterey-Salinas Transit

District for providing 50 years of exemplary public service to the

wish them well on the next 50 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PROVIDE FOR INTERIM APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND RELATED AGENCIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY

FISCAL YEAR FOR WHICH APPROPRIATIONS ARE NOT OTHERWISE PROVIDED FOR

SUCH COURTS AND AGENCIES

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill that would exempt

from federal government shutdowns the federal and independent agencies

that are exclusively or primarily federally funded but have

jurisdiction over local District of Columbia civil and criminal justice

matters.
This bill is modeled on a provision I have gotten enacted each

year

since the 2013 federal government shutdown to exempt the D.C.

government from federal government shutdowns.
This bill would exempt the following agencies from federal government

shutdowns: Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for D.C.,

D.C. Courts, D.C. Public Defender Service, D.C. Commission on Judicial

Disabilities and Tenure, D.C. Judicial Nomination Commission and D.C.

Criminal Justice Coordinating Council.