Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 1573, to reauthorize the

Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for

Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act, S. 2415, to

amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to

reauthorize Federal support of States in their work to

save and sustain the health of mothers during

pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period, to

eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for

pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to

identify solutions to improve health care quality and

health outcomes for mothers, S. 1624, to require

certain civil penalties to be transferred to a fund

through which amounts are made available for the

Gabriella Miller Kids First Pediatric Research Program

at the National Institutes of Health, an original bill

entitled, ``Bipartisan Primary Care and Health

Workforce Act'', and other pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Richard

E.N. Federico, of Kansas, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Joshua Paul Kolar, of

Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the

Seventh Circuit, Jeffrey M. Bryan, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Eumi K.

Lee, to be United States District Judge for the

Northern District of California, and Deborah Robinson,

of New Jersey, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement

Coordinator, Executive Office of the President.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thomas G.

Day, of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Katherine E. Oler, Judith E.

Pipe, and Charles J. Willoughby, Jr., each to be an

Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District

of Columbia.
SEPTEMBER 27

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the General

Services Administration, focusing on examining the

Federal real estate portfolio.
SEPTEMBER 28

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek H.

Chollet, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Policy,

and Cara L. Abercrombie, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine solutions to address beverage

container waste.
CANCELLATIONS

SEPTEMBER 20

2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE IN MEMORY OF THE HONORABLE DON SUNDQUIST

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

memory of my good friend, former Tennessee Governor Don Sundquist, who

also served alongside us, in this House chamber for 12 years, as the

U.S. Representative for the 7th District of Tennessee.
He was a trusted

leader and treasured friend who will be deeply missed.
He accomplished a rare feat that every elected leader aspires to,

winning every election in his path of public service, including 6 terms

in Congress and 2 terms as the 47th Governor of Tennessee.
Don was an

original ``Reaganaut,'' first elected to Congress in 1982 during

President Ronald Reagan's Administration.
As a successful business

owner and entrepreneur, his expertise and personal insight were

invaluable in his leadership on the Ways and Means Committee, where he

stood firm on conservative American values.
His love and compassion for the people of Tennessee led him from

Capitol Hill to the Governor's Mansion in 1994.
Unwavering in his

convictions, Gov. Sundquist took on monumental issues, including

welfare reform that lifted 40,000 families out of poverty, a

comprehensive crime bill focused on victim's rights, expanding

broadband to every public school and library in Tennessee, and earning

National accolades for the state's economic success on his watch.
In addition to his courageous public service, he was also a proud

veteran of the United States Navy.