Title: HONORING THE 120TH ANNIVERSARY OF LITTLE UNION BAPTIST CHURCH; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
150

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 120TH ANNIVERSARY OF LITTLE UNION BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Little Union

Baptist Church in Dumfries, Virginia on their 120th anniversary.
For 120 years, Little Union Baptist Church has served as a space for

the community to gather, connect, and worship.
Little Union Baptist

Church has deep roots in Dumfries, Virginia that can be traced back to

Mary Bates--fondly referred to by many as ``Granny Mary.''
Mary was

born into slavery, but she had the determination to learn to read and

write.
After the Emancipation Proclamation, Mary settled in the area

with her husband where she proved to be a pillar in the community.
She

served as a midwife, wrote letters on behalf of those who could not,

and helped administer medications.
In 1901, Mary convinced her husband

John to donate land to build a local church, so people would not have

to travel to neighboring communities to attend services.
The church

built on that land flourished and eventually came to be known to the

community as Little Union Baptist Church.
Today, Pastor Michael L. Sessoms continues Little Union Baptist

Church's longstanding tradition of building community.
Under his

guidance, the church continues to grow and provides families in the

Dumfries area with a space to gather and celebrate.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 120th

anniversary of Little Union Baptist Church.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MONTEREY-SALINAS TRANSIT

HON.
JIMMY PANETTA

Mr. PANETTA.
Mr. Speaker, I have the distinct honor and privilege of

representing California's 19th Congressional District and on behalf of

all the residents of the Central Coast, I would like to commend to my

colleagues' attention to the 50th Anniversary of Monterey-Salinas

Transit District (MST) for providing mobility services to the residents

of Monterey County.
The Monterey Peninsula Public Transit System Joint Powers Agency was

formed by the cities of Carmel, Del Rey Oaks, Monterey, Pacific Grove,

Seaside, and Monterey County on October 1, 1972, and began providing

service on September 26, 1973.
As the predecessor of Monterey-Salinas

Transit, it served the Monterey Peninsula area, and later expanded to

provide service to the cities of Marina, Salinas, and Watsonville.
With

the formation of the Monterey-Salinas Transit District on July 1, 2010,

MST has served as much as one-fifth of the coastline of California from

San Jose in the north to Paso Robles in the south at 1,300 bus stops in

25 communities throughout Monterey, Santa Cruz, Santa Clara, and San

Luis Obispo Counties.
Through the foresight of the MST board members and the ongoing

support of the federal government, transit service in the Monterey Bay

region is consistently at the forefront of technology and innovation,

with annual ridership reaching as high as 5 million passengers on

traditional fixed-route buses as well as Americans with Disabilities

Act (ADA) paratransit minibus service for disabled customers, the

popular MST Trolley system for visitors, ``MST OnCall'' demand response

services in south Monterey County, and the JAZZ Bus Rapid Transit

system.
In 2014, with 73 percent voter support, MST became the first

public agency in Monterey County to pass a countywide local funding

initiative known as Measure Q to support the mobility needs of

veterans, seniors, and persons with disabilities.
MST was also the

first transit operator in the country to finance and construct a bus

operations and maintenance facility utilizing the federal Build America

Bureau--Rural Initiative program, and the first transit operator to

implement an open-loop, contactless payment system that provides

discounted fares to eligible customers.