10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 384, to establish the

Springfield 1908 Race Riot National Monument in the

State of Illinois, S. 432, to amend the Wild and Scenic

Rivers Act to designate the Nulhegan River and Paul

Stream in the State of Vermont for potential addition

to the national wild and scenic rivers system, S. 507,

to establish the Ralph David Abernathy, Sr.,
National

Historic Site, S. 594, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to

prioritize the completion of the Continental Divide

National Scenic Trail, S. 608, to amend the Wild and

Scenic Rivers Act to direct the Secretary of the

Interior to conduct a study of the Deerfield River for

potential addition to the national wild and scenic

rivers system, S. 636, to establish the Dolores River

National Conservation Area and the Dolores River

Special Management Area in the State of Colorado, to

protect private water rights in the State, S. 912, to

require the Secretary of Energy to provide technology

grants to strengthen domestic mining education, S. 924,

to amend the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Development Act

to extend the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National

Historical Park Commission, S. 961, to redesignate the

Salem Maritime National Historic Site in Salem,

Massachusetts, as the ``Salem Maritime National

Historic Park'', S. 1015, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to convey the Pleasant Valley Ranger

District Administrative Site to Gila County, Arizona,

S. 1059, to adjust the boundary of Big Bend National

Park in the State of Texas, S. 1088, to authorize the

relinquishment and in lieu selection of land and

minerals in the State of North Dakota, to restore land

and minerals to Indian Tribes within the State of North

Dakota, S. 1097, to establish the Cesar E. Chavez and

the Farmworker Movement National Historical Park in the

States of California and Arizona, S. 1254, to designate

and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest

in the State of Washington, and to designate certain

rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National

Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1277, to modify the

boundary of the Mammoth Cave National Park in the State

of Kentucky, S. 1405, to provide for the exchange of

certain Federal land and State land in the State of

Utah, S. 1521, to amend the Federal Power Act to

modernize and improve the licensing of non-Federal

hydropower projects, S. 1634, to provide for the

designation of certain wilderness areas, recreation

management areas, and conservation areas in the State

of Colorado, S. 1657, to authorize the Secretary of the

Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County,

Arizona, S. 1760, to amend the Apex Project, Nevada

Land Transfer and Authorization Act of 1989 to include

the city of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Apex

Industrial Park Owners Association, S. 2018, to require

the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an assessment

to identify locations in National Parks in which there

is the greatest need for broadband internet access

service and areas in National Parks in which there is

the greatest need for cellular service, S. 2020, to

amend the Oregon Resource Conservation Act of 1996 to

reauthorize the Deschutes River Conservancy Working

Group, S. 2042, to amend the Sloan Canyon National

Conservation Area Act to adjust the boundary of the

Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area, S. 2136, to

require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary

State of Utah for inclusion in certain State parks, S.

2149, to sustain economic development and recreational

use of National Forest System land in the State of

Montana, to add certain land to the National Wilderness

Preservation System, to designate new areas for

recreation, and S. 2216, to release from wilderness

study area designation certain land in the State of

Montana, to improve the management of that land.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 1573, to reauthorize the

Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for

Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act, S. 2415, to

amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to

reauthorize Federal support of States in their work to

save and sustain the health of mothers during

pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period, to

eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for

pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to

identify solutions to improve health care quality and

health outcomes for mothers, S. 1624, to require

certain civil penalties to be transferred to a fund

through which amounts are made available for the

Gabriella Miller Kids First Pediatric Research Program

at the National Institutes of Health, an original bill

entitled, ``Bipartisan Primary Care and Health

Workforce Act'', and other pending calendar business.