She previously worked as President of

the Amherst Youth Foundation, President of the Buffalo Amherst Business

and Professional Women's Association, and sat on the Board of Directors

for YMCA of Greater Buffalo, the UB Alumni Association, and the Erie

County Industrial Development Agency.
Her commitment to public service

goes beyond the listed organizations.
She is unquestionably sincere in

her desire to help others, and she has gone above and beyond to deliver

for her neighbors and community.
Many groups have recognized Susan over the years, so it is only

fitting that the Amherst Democratic Committee recognizes her efforts

over the last 25 years as a member.
Susan Grelick has been a steadfast

friend to so many in the Western New York area, and all its citizens

(particularly those in Amherst), owe her a debt of gratitude.
She has

been an asset to the growth of our region, and I am thrilled that she

is being honored for her inspiring achievements.
I wish her the best in

all her future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING CAPTAIN ANDRIY ``JUICE'' PILSHCHIKOV

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Ukrainian

fighter pilot Captain Andriy Pilshchikov, better known by his call sign

``Juice,'' who tragically lost his life at the age of 30 while fighting

for Ukraine's freedom on Friday, August 25, 2023.
Born in February 1993, Andriy was a Captain in Ukraine's Air Force

40th Tactical Aviation Brigade and leader of the ``Ghost of Kyiv''

unit.
He flew MiG-29 fighter jets, protecting the central and northern

Ukrainian air space from Russian attacks.
Andriy earned the call sign

``Juice'' during his time in California performing training exercises

with the U.S. Air National Guard because he preferred juice over

alcoholic beverages.
Juice boldly resisted the Russian air offensive despite using aging

Soviet-era technology.
With destroyed ground-based navigation, Juice

flew missions using simple Garmin GPS units.
Juice was one of the lead advocates for the delivery of F-16 fighter

jets to Ukraine from allied countries.
His efforts included contacting

American government officials to encourage support for this cause.
Many

prominent Western news outlets.
Luckily, allied countries, including

the United States, agreed to send F-16s.
Juice was among the initial

group of Ukrainian pilots slated for F-16 training due to his fluency

in English.
Juice and 2 other pilots, Major Vyacheslav Minka and Major Serhiy

Prokazin, tragically lost their lives on August 25 when a pair of L-39

Combat Trainer jets collided during a training accident near Zhytomyr.
In June 2022, I was introduced to Juice by actor and filmmaker Sean

Penn.
Over dinner in Washington D.C., Juice shared his passion for

Ukraine's freedom and the need for the United States to provide fighter

jets to his country.
I promised Juice I would seek that.
And I plan to

follow through on that promise.
Juice was a true Air Force leader, possessing tactical skills,

confidence, and a calm demeanor under the immense pressure that war

brings.
His bravery and courage went above and beyond, flying over 500

combat hours, never once backing away from a fight.
He is survived by

his devoted girlfriend, Melaniya, and mother, Lillia.
May we never

forget his service and the ultimate sacrifice he made for the freedom

of Ukraine.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.