This waste was generated during the INL's spent

nuclear fuel reprocessing mission during the height of the Cold War.
From the first demonstration run at the IWTU in 2012, mechanical

problems were apparent as metal filters became plugged, resulting in a

quick shutdown of the facility.
During subsequent runs, further

mechanical problems surfaced as well as chemistry challenges within the

IWTU's primary reaction vessel.
The Department of Energy (DOE) and its

contractors didn't give up.
Together, they devised a plan to

systematically identify and resolve all problems.
They employed some of

the brightest scientists at the INL and across the country, worked with

academia in several states, and utilized the resources of corporate and

small businesses.
In all, engineers, scientists, and fabricators made

hundreds of modifications to the IWTU, and with each subsequent

demonstration run, the facility became more reliable and predictable.
On April 11, 2023, 16 years after construction began, IWTU operators

were given permission to start radiological operations.
At first, 10

percent radioactive liquid waste was blended with 90 percent simulant.
This ratio was increased to 50:50 and later to 100 percent sodium-

bearing waste.
For those on the project who sacrificed countless

weekends, holidays, and quality time with family, this moment was the

culmination of years of committed work for a greater cause.
I want to thank all the Idaho Environmental Coalition employees who

have supported this project.
Their contributions are protecting the

Snake River Plain Aquifer, which is the primary source of drinking

water and agricultural water for more than 300,000 Idahoans.
Furthermore, their actions in treating legacy Cold War waste and

closing these sites pave the way for future nuclear research work in

Idaho.
I would like to join my distinguished colleagues Senators Crapo and

Risch, in congratulating the IWTU team on this extremely important

achievement.
They represent the most talented and committed individuals

in the DOE Complex.
Perhaps more importantly, they represent the

greatest of our country and the ingenuity that makes the United States

stand out in the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF SUSAN GRELICK

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

the first woman elected Town Supervisor and Town Clerk of Amherst,

Susan Grelick.
She embodies the very best of our community, and has

shaped Amherst, NY into one of the best rated and safest places to live

in the entire country.
A graduate of Union College, Susan would later earn her MBA, JD, and

master's degrees in Information Science and American Economic History.
She utilized her extensive education to the town's benefit--always in

search of ways to improve its financial stand, promote local

businesses, and preserve neighborhoods and green space.
Indeed, during

her 9 years as Supervisor, Amherst had the highest bond rating of any

municipality in Western New York.
Susan also initiated the Town's first

Vision Summits, a tool she used to develop a comprehensive plan for her

future agenda.
Once her time had finished as a town official, Susan

became the legislative director and counsel to New York Senate Majority

Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins.
This is in addition to involvement in

countless local organizations, including as a Trustee Emeritus of the

Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village, as a Board member of the Amherst

Youth Foundation, and as Vice President of the Chautauqua Institution

Women's Club Board of Directors.
She previously worked as President of

the Amherst Youth Foundation, President of the Buffalo Amherst Business

and Professional Women's Association, and sat on the Board of Directors

for YMCA of Greater Buffalo, the UB Alumni Association, and the Erie

County Industrial Development Agency.
Her commitment to public service

goes beyond the listed organizations.
She is unquestionably sincere in

her desire to help others, and she has gone above and beyond to deliver

for her neighbors and community.