Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. James Prochaska.
James (Jim) O. Prochaska was an internationally renowned expert on behavior change and co-developer of the transtheoretical (stages of change) model that revolutionized our prevention and treatment of health problems.
He died on July 9, 2023, after a special week with family and friends on Star Island.
Born on August 6, 1942, into modest surroundings, Dr. Prochaska achieved the American Dream of education, excellence, and service.
He earned his baccalaureate, master's, and doctorate in clinical psychology from Wayne State University.
He was a Professor of Psychology at the University of Rhode Island from 1969 and founding Director of the Cancer Prevention Research Consortium there.
Dr. Prochaska had over 50 years of psychotherapy experience in a variety of settings and consulted to a host of clinical and research organizations.
He was the principal investigator on grants from the National.
Institutes of Health totaling over $90 mill ion and was recognized by the Association of Psychological Science as one of the most cited authors in psychology.
His 50 book chapters and 300+ scholarly articles focused on selfchange, health promotion, and psychotherapy from a transtheoretical perspective, the subject of his professional book, The Transtheoretical Approach, and his 2 popular self-help books, Changing for Good and Changing to Thrive.
An accomplished speaker, he offered workshops and keynote addresses throughout the world.
Among his numerous awards were the Rosalie Weiss Award from the American Psychological Association, Innovators Award from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Beckham Award for Excellence in Education and Inspirational Leadership from Columbia University, and the Fries Health Education Award from the Society for Public Health Education.
He was the first psychologist to win a Medal of Honor for Clinical Research from the American Cancer Society and he was recognized as one of the top 3 preeminent clinical psychologists of the modern era in the Archives.
Dr. Prochaska's ultimate accomplishments, however, were helping millions of people effectively change their behavior and establishing his loving family.
For decades, Jim made his home in Rhode Island before retiring to California with his wife, Jan, so that they could be closer to their 2 children (Jason, Judith/Jodi) and their 5 grandchildren.