Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor the life and legacy.
Milton Carlyle Dewhirst, MD, who died of natural causes February 13, 2023, at the age of 89.
Dr. Dewhirst was not only a pillar of the Pike's Peak region as a successful and generous family practice doctor and medical examiner, his faith and zeal for the Lord were foundational for the spiritual climate in Colorado Springs and set a model for family values and Christian citizenship.
Dr. Milton Dewhirst truly helped make the culture of the 5th Congressional District as beautiful as our natural surroundings.
After graduating from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1954 and from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas in 1958, Dr. Dewhirst completed his Medical Internship at the Balboa Naval Hospital in San Diego, California.
He then received flight training in Pensacola, Florida, followed by service as a Senior Aviation Medical Examiner at the U.S. Naval Air Station.
Brunswick, Maine.
In 1963, as a Diplomat of American Board of Family Practice, Dr. Dewhirst began a solo family medical practice.
In 1972 he founded Family Practice Associates PC.
He also treated patients at Penrose, Memorial, and Saint Francis Hospitals.
Many Colorado Springs families were blessed to have Dr. Dewhirst as their life-long Family Doctor-- from delivering their babies to treating the elderly.
After 43 years, he retired from Family Practice in 2001 and continued as an FAA Senior Medical Examiner until 2019.
Dr. Dewhirst was not only a family doctor, but a devoted family man.
He married his high school sweetheart LaBerta Phillips on August 6, 1954.
They were married for 68 years.
Together, the Dewhirsts raised 5 children--Debra Rayburn, Rebecca Lathrop, Miles Dewhirst, Angela Simmons, and Christine Van Raaphorst.
Their legacy continues with 15 grandchildren and 29 great grandchildren.
Milton's commitment to marriage and family extended into his service as an Elder at Village Seven Presbyterian Church, where he was active in teaching Bible Studies and Evangelism.
At a time when families and marriages in our culture are struggling at heeding the words of Jesus, that ``a wise man build his house upon a rock.''
Dr. and 
Mrs. Dewhirst blessed Colorado Springs as a model and mentor for families instilling Biblical values and consistency in serving medical, spiritual, and relational needs.
The Dewhirst legacy goes beyond his own family into the countless families that he influenced and that also continue to ``build their house upon a solid rock.''