Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and lasting contributions of 
Mrs. Aleita Huguenin.
Passing away at the age of 77, 
Mrs. Huguenin leaves behind an indelible legacy as an educator, mentor, activist and friend.
Born in Durango, Colorado in 1946, to 2 teachers, 
Mrs. Huguenins love for education and learning flourished from a young age.
In the late 1960s, she moved with her family to Walnut Creek, beginning what would become a lifelong residency in California.
After earning her bachelor's degree from San Francisco State University, 
Mrs. Huguenin began teaching elementary and middle school in the Mount Diablo Unified School District of Concord, California.
Throughout her tenure as a teacher, she demonstrated a steadfast dedication to her students and strived to ensure they had the resources necessary.
to achieve their full potential.
Driven by her passion for activism and sincere belief in the importance of collective bargaining, 
Mrs. Huguenin served as the president of her local teacher's union, leading her fellow teachers in their first strike.
Her critical work as a grassroots organizer and community leader, left an everlasting mark not only on Contra Costa County, but also California.
For more than 40 years, 
Mrs. Huguenin served her country and community with an unwavering sense of justice and fairness.
She consistently advocated for women's rights and equality for all, never failing to stand up for others and uphold the democratic values our country was founded on.
While exhibiting leadership as a community leader and advocate, Mrs. Huguenin also played a pivotal role in the California Teachers Association.
For over 2 decades, 
Mrs. Huguenin impacted thousands of California educators.
teaching them how to effectively serve future generations of students.
As part of her critical work transforming California's education system, 
Mrs. Huguenin spearheaded the founding of the California Teachers Association Summer Institute, an innovative training program helping teachers learn how best to address the everchanging needs of today's students.
In addition to her leadership in the education and community organizing fields, 
Mrs. Huguenin exemplified the spirit of altruism and innovation in all areas of her life.
Mrs. Huguenin will be remembered not only for her decades of service to Contra Costa students and California teachers, but also for her genuine spirit of kindness and compassion.
She