``As the years advance, it's clear that the late 1970s

through the 1980s and 1990s was a unique period of

conservative intellectual ambition.
Ed Feulner's motto was

``onward, always,'' reflecting his optimism about the

durability of America's founding ideals.
The young

Republicans in Washington may not know it, but they are

spending down the intellectual capital stockpiled by Ed

Feulner and his generation.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KENNETH PAUL KIRALY

HON.
SAM T. LICCARDO

Mr. LICCARDO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleague Kevin

Mullin, to recognize and honor Kenneth Paul Kiraly, a distinguished

innovator, for his dedication to advancing technology and making it

accessible for everyone.
Living all across the San Francisco Bay Area,

Ken developed a love for designing and building electronics,

accumulating a multitude of electronic projects throughout his life.
After graduating high school in Walnut Creek, he went on to attend

California State University, Pomona, before returning to the Bay Area

to complete his degree in Computer Science at California State

University, East Bay.
As the internet was only beginning to enter our lives, Ken helped

pioneer development tools for the Java programming language, ultimately

launching the first full-featured integrated development environments

(IDEs) for Java.
Ken joined Palm as a senior software architect,

leading the development and delivery of technologies across a variety

of handheld devices.
In 2005, Ken became one of Amazon's primary

leaders in its new consumer device division.
His leadership in the

division enabled the seamless experience of the Kindle--launched in

2007--transforming the small device into a portable library for

readers.
Ken was particularly focused and proud of one aspect of the

Kindle: its intuitive system.
He cared deeply about making it

accessible for people who simply loved to read, as well as individuals

with disabilities.
Upon its launch, the Kindle made it possible to

enlarge the print of books with a single button, allowing individuals

to rediscover the joy of reading without having to physically hold a

book.
He continued his work at Amazon, most recently developing

Amazon's first consumer robot, Astro--a project blending AI with

cutting-edge hardware.
Throughout his accomplished 40-year career, Ken has embodied the

qualities of an innovator, a bold risk-taker, and a dedicated problem

solver.
As one of the early Distinguished Engineers in Amazon, he not

only led engineering and product teams, but also mentored and helped

grow a multitude of engineers and leaders in the company.
Furthermore,

he is named inventor on 44 U.S. patents, across a variety of products.
All while developing groundbreaking technology, Ken helped raise two

sons--Paul and James--with his wife, Virginia.
As Ken concludes a

distinguished career, he looks forward to spending more time with his

family and enjoying the next chapter of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SASHA DALTONN ON HER 75TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

extraordinary life and profound contributions of Sasha Daltonn, a

distinguished founder, producer, and tireless advocate for arts and

history.
As she marks her birthday on June 25, 1950, we take this

moment to honor her remarkable journey and enduring legacy.
Born in Chicago, Sasha Daltonn was raised in a household that

instilled the values of hard work and community.
Her mother, Christine,

contributed through her work in sales, while her father, Edgar, served

as a proud Pullman porter.
These foundations undoubtedly shaped Sasha's

commitment to excellence and service.
Sasha Daltonn's career is marked by her significant roles as both a

founder and a producer, leaving an indelible mark on various cultural

landscapes.
Her dedication to the arts is evident through her long-

standing affiliations, including a decade with Gospel Music According

to Chicago (GMACC), two years with Jazz n' You, nine years with the

Harold Washington Legacy Committee, and eight years with the South Side

Jazz Coalition.