These foundations undoubtedly shaped Sasha's

commitment to excellence and service.
Sasha Daltonn's career is marked by her significant roles as both a

founder and a producer, leaving an indelible mark on various cultural

landscapes.
Her dedication to the arts is evident through her long-

standing affiliations, including a decade with Gospel Music According

to Chicago (GMACC), two years with Jazz n' You, nine years with the

Harold Washington Legacy Committee, and eight years with the South Side

Jazz Coalition.
She is also a proud member of Rainbow PUSH,

demonstrating her commitment to broader social justice initiatives.
Currently, Sasha brings her passion and expertise to the airwaves as

the host of Sasha Daltonn Gospel on Omni Radio, and leads her own

enterprise as President of Sasha Daltonn Entertainment.
Her profound contributions have garnered well-deserved recognition

from numerous esteemed bodies, including honors from the Advinity

Awards, the AARC Awards, the Harlem Theater Association, and the Fred

Hammond Awards, among others.
These accolades underscore her

significant impact and the high esteem in which she is held by her

peers.
Sasha Daltonn is guided by her faith and an unrelenting commitment to

instill pride in our youth through the transformative power of the

arts.
She is a fervent champion for preserving Black history and

honoring the historians and history-makers who have shaped our past and

continue to inspire our future.
Her life's work is a testament to

celebrating and honoring those who paved the way.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the

exceptional life and ongoing accomplishments of Sasha Daltonn, a true

cultural pioneer, an inspiring producer, and a dedicated historian

whose immense contributions continue to enrich our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF WINDERMERE, FLORIDA

HON.
DANIEL WEBSTER

Mr. WEBSTER of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the

Centennial of the Town of Windermere, Florida.
Originally established as a residential development in 1889 and

formally chartered in 1925, Windermere's history is both rich and

unique.
Its first post office opened in 1888, briefly closed in 1901,

and reopened in 1911, signaling the resilience of a growing town.
The

Florida Midland Railroad once ran just west of Main Street, where a

bustling station once stood.
Today, a grassy expanse marks that

historic path, serving as a quiet tribute to Windemere's early days.
Nestled on a scenic isthmus between Lake Butler, Lake Down, and Lake

Bessie.
Windermere is a tranquil gem ``Among the Lakes'' in the heart

of Central Florida.
With just over 3,000 residents within its two-

square-mile boundary, it has maintained a distinct small-town charm

defined by tree-lined street, historic architecture, and a vibrant,

close-knit community.
Just minutes from world-class attractions like

Walt Disney World and downtown Orlando.
Windermere remains a quiet

sanctuary rooted in history and guided by a shared commitment to

quality of life.
The town owes much to the visionaries who helped incorporate it 100

years ago, including Cal Palmer, J. Howard Johnson, Howard Lyon, and

Stanley Scott.
Their legacy lives on in Windermere's thoughtful

planning and strong community values.
Over the past century, Windermere has grown while steadfastly

preserving its natural beauty and heritage.
Today, it offers an

exceptional blend of peaceful living and refined elegance.
Beloved

local traditions, such as the weekly Friday Farmers Market and popular

Food Truck Nights, bring neighbors together and highlight the town's

enduring community spirit.
As part of its centennial celebration, the town has unveiled a

special Centennial Lobby in the Town Administration Building, where

residents and visitors alike can reflect on the milestones that have

shaped Windermere over the past 100 years.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate the Town of Windermere on

this historic occasion and to recognize its significant contributions

to the fabric of Central Florida.
Here's to the next 100 years of

community, character, and continued excellence.