For many years, he also served the public through his employment with

the Chicago Transit Authority, ensuring essential services for

countless citizens.
Throughout his professional endeavors, Athens Weed

consistently demonstrates his core values; always working to his

strengths, ensuring the job gets done with precision, treating everyone

with respect, and extending a helping hand to those who need it most.
Beyond his professional achievements, Athens Weed is a deeply engaged

civic leader.
He is a dedicated activist with Operation Breadbasket and

Operation Rainbow PUSH, embodying the spirit of advocacy and community

upliftment.
His long-standing years of choir service further highlight

his commitment to communal harmony and spiritual well-being.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the

exceptional life and ongoing accomplishments of Athens Weed, a true

American patriot, a compassionate leader, and an inspiring individual

whose dedication continues to enrich our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ED FEULNER

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, with the passing of Ed

Feulner, he has been appropriately eulogized for his steadfast

promotion of modern conservatism.
As a Reaganaut serving in the

Department of Energy, 1981 to 1982, with Secretary Jim Edwards, I know

firsthand ``The Mandate'' was instrumental in promoting free markets.
The following is from the National Review on July 20th editorialized:

``In 1973 Ed Feulner and his friend Paul Weyrich co-founded

the Heritage Foundation, the think tank that nurtured and

spread many of the policies that informed the Reagan

Administration.
Its ``Mandate for Leadership'' policy

compendium in 1980 became a guide for the Reaganauts out to

change Washington.
``Under Feulner, the think tank also became known for

short, fast policy summaries delivered to Members of Congress

and staff in anticipation of votes.
Turnover on Capitol Hill

is rapid, and Heritage's missives were influential guides to

policies developed on the right over many years.
``Like many Reagan-era conservatives, Feulner believed in a

coalition built on the three-legged stool of free markets and

a smaller government, strong national defense, and

traditional views on social policy.
He welcomed all factions

of what was once called the ``conservative movement,'' from

libertarians to Russell Kirk traditionalists to neocons.
``For many years, the Journal worked with Heritage on the

annual Index of Economic Freedom.
The volume ranked countries

around the world on various measures of economic liberty.
Feulner was notable for believing in a strong U.S. presence

in the world, and he was especially close to leaders in

Taiwan and South Korea.
As recently as the mid-2000s we can

recall a delegation of Heritage scholars making the case to

us that U.S. defense spending should be 5% of gross domestic

product.
Today it's closer to 3%, and heading lower under

President Trump.
``Born outside Chicago in a German-American Catholic

family, Feulner attended Regis College in Denver where he

discovered conservative ideas.
Barry Goldwater was an early

political influence.
``You have to choose between liberty and

equality,'' Feulner told John Miller of National Review.
``I

picked liberty.''
Each year he published an essay by thinkers

who defined conservative principles.
``Feulner was Heritage president for 37 years and remained

a trustee in retirement.
The think tank has taken a sharp

turn toward Trumpian populism in recent years.
It opposes

free trade and leans toward an isolationist foreign policy.
It focuses less on ideas and more on supporting whatever

President Trump does.
Feulner wasn't always happy with

Heritage's new direction, but he kept his misgivings private

out of loyalty to the institution.
``As the years advance, it's clear that the late 1970s

through the 1980s and 1990s was a unique period of

conservative intellectual ambition.
Ed Feulner's motto was

``onward, always,'' reflecting his optimism about the

durability of America's founding ideals.
The young

Republicans in Washington may not know it, but they are

spending down the intellectual capital stockpiled by Ed

Feulner and his generation.''