As part of its centennial celebration, the town has unveiled a

special Centennial Lobby in the Town Administration Building, where

residents and visitors alike can reflect on the milestones that have

shaped Windermere over the past 100 years.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate the Town of Windermere on

this historic occasion and to recognize its significant contributions

to the fabric of Central Florida.
Here's to the next 100 years of

community, character, and continued excellence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CHAD KAMPBELL

HON.
GEORGE WHITESIDES

Mr. WHITESIDES.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise

today to honor the life of my dear friend, Chad Kampbell.
Chad wasn't

just a devoted father, a husband, and an admired community leader--he

was a cornerstone of the Santa Clarita Valley.
He and his wife Michelle, who have been close friends for several

years, were deeply involved in our community.
Chad was a former president of the Democratic Alliance for Action of

Santa Clarita Valley, an active member of the Santa Clarita Valley

Democrats, and someone whose commitment to service ran deep.
One of his friends described him perfectly: ``He was someone who

truly grounded those around him.
The kind of person who would help you

cut through the noise, find your center, and remember why you do the

work in the

first place.''
That was Chad.
A source of wisdom and calm, always there

when you needed him.
He lived in Stevenson Ranch with his wife Michelle and their daughter

Brigette.
And while no words can ease the pain of this loss, I hope his

family knows just how deeply loved and appreciated Chad was by all of

us.
Chad was the kind of guy who would get there early to help set up an

event, and then he would be breaking down the tables and chairs

afterwards.
He was a talented designer and photographer.
He knew how to

communicate, and he used that skill for the benefit of businesses and

causes close to his heart.
Chad was known for his booming voice.
For many new activists getting

involved, their introduction to civic engagement was seeing Chad kick-

off a meeting or rally before taking the time to greet them and every

person there, always with a big smile and an infectious laugh.
He

embodied the truth, that the greatest title of responsibility in any

democracy is that of citizen.
Chad was a rock of principle.
He was committed to making his

community, his state and his country better.
And month after month,

year after year, he did the work.
He and Michelle profoundly changed

the Santa Clarita Valley for the better, and his impact will never be

forgotten.
Chad gave so much of himself to this community because he believed in

people and in the power of showing up.
His absence leaves a real void,

but his spirit lives on in the work he championed and the friendships

he built.
May we honor him not just in words, but in how we carry

ourselves--with compassion, humility, and a commitment to something

greater than ourselves.
Mr. Speaker, I want to close by thanking my summer interns.
You

cannot help but be inspired by our future, if you spend some time with

the many great interns who work on Capitol Hill.
They work hard, they do important work interacting with constituents,

and their passion and inspiration must be recognized.
I'm grateful to our team and I wish them the very best for their

futures.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO MRS.
CHRISTA SULLIVAN

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with heavy heart and solemn

remembrance that I rise to pay tribute to a great woman and dear friend

and neighbor, Mrs. Christa Sullivan of South San Francisco, California.