The U.S. Organization for Cooperation in Europe delegation was bi-cameral with Senator Thom Tillis (NC) and bi-partisan with Congressman Lloyd Doggett (TX) and recorded testimony by Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, as well as Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN), and Congressman Andy Harris (MD).
This was a field hearing to examine how best to bring Russian perpetrators to account for their war crimes in Ukraine.
The hearing was opened with welcoming remarks from Ukrainian President Zelenskyy, who, addressing the hearing in a video, said ``No war can be truly ended without bringing to justice those thugs responsible for sparking this war, killing, and torching, deporting children and adults . . .
When determination arises and justice prevails, the aggressor falls and evil gets punished.
Action makes a difference.''
Other welcoming remarks were given by Professor Christoph Safferling, Director of the Nuremberg Academy; Mr. Marcus Konig, Lord Mayor of the City of Nuremberg; Tobias Winkler, Member of the Bundestag; Ms. Angelika Schlunck, State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Justice of Germany (pre-recorded video); and Dr. Georg Eisenreich, Minister of Justice of Bavaria (prerecorded video).
Panelists included: Andriy Kostin, Prosecutor General of Ukraine; Prof. Veronika Bilkova, OSCE Moscow Mechanism Rapporteur, Head of the Department of International Law, Faculty of Law of the Charles University; Roman Avramenko, Director of Truth Hounds; Roksolana Burianenko, Program Manager, Ukrainian Archive, Mnemonic; Dr Gabija Grigaite-Daugird, Deputy Minister of Justice, Lithuania; Professor Christoph Safferling, Director of the International Nuremberg Principles Academy; and Both van Schaack, U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice.
Following the hearing, the delegation was given a tour of the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, including the office used by U.S. Justice Robert H. Jackson, who was the Chief U.S. prosecutor for the international Nuremberg trials in the 1940s, by Judge Stephan Husemann, Judge at the Higher Regional Court of Nuremberg, and Dr. Thomas Dickert, President of the Higher Regional Court of Nuremberg.
On Wednesday February 21st, the CODEL met with IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi to

discuss Iran and nuclear proliferation as well as the condition and safety concerns of the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine.
The CODEL was accompanied by U.S. Ambassador Laura Holgate, U.S. Ambassador to the Vienna Office of the United Nations and to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
They also met with staff of UNODC to discuss concerns about the vulnerability of Ukrainian refugees to human trafficking, including from the Research and Trend Analysis Branch: Angela Me, Branch Chief; and Fabrizio Sarrica, Research Coordinator; as well as from the Human Trafficking and Migrant Smuggling Section: Ilias Chatzis, Chief of Section; Panagiotis Papadimitriou, Team Leader Technical Cooperation; and Silke Albert, Team Leader Child Trafficking and Survivor Engagement.
The CODEL later received a very informative briefing by U.S. Ambassador Michael Carpenter, Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, on developments in the OSCE.
Ambassador Carpenter has been very effective and will be missed as he now has White House service.
On Thursday February 22nd, I chaired the bipartisan U.S. delegation to the 23rd Winter Meeting of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE PA) in Vienna, Austria.
More than 230 parliamentarians from 54 countries participated in the meeting, which took place in the runup to the second-anniversary of Russia's illegal full-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022.
Our delegation joined with other like-minded parliamentarians to showcase broadbased international solidarity with Ukraine in its fight to repel the Putin invasion and restore Ukraine's territorial integrity.
In addition, there was attention to the assassination of democratic opposition leader Alexei Navalny in a Siberian gulag, which underscores the Putin oppression of Russian citizens.
During the course of the sessions, the delegation was grateful to host and meet with: President Pia Kauma of Finland, Secretary General Roberto Montella, and Ukrainian Head of Delegation Mykyta Poturaiev.