Howard was born in Rockford, Illinois, on April 28, 1924.
When Howard

was eight years old, his family moved to Madison, Wisconsin.
He lived

there until he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps in October 1942 at

age 18.
Howard was inducted into the military at Fort Sheridan, Illinois, and

went to recruit training at what is now known as Keesler Air Force Base

in Biloxi, Mississippi.
He was then assigned to radio school in what is

now Scott Air Force Base in Belleville, Illinois.
He learned Morse code

and radio training.
After schooling, he served several months at

Marshall Army Airfield, adjacent to Fort Riley, Kansas.
He then

reported into an overseas duty staging area at Seymour Johnson Air

Force Base in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
In September 1943, Howard

headed to Naval Base Norfolk, Virginia, where he boarded a Liberty ship

for the port of Casablanca (Morocco).
Howard served in Naples, Italy between September 1943 and December

1944 before heading onto Venice, Italy from December 1944 to May 1945.
By August 1945, the war was over, but Howard was sent to Vienna,

Austria, as part of the occupational force.
Howard was especially

grateful to have visited Vienna, as that was his father's birthplace in

the late 1880s.
In December 1945, he was transported back to America

aboard the USS Randolph, landing at Fort Dix in New Jersey, where he

was honorably discharged as a Staff Sergeant.
For the last several decades, Howard has lived in Ocala, Florida, and

has been a treasured member of the Marion County veterans' community.
We are honored to wish him a happy 100th birthday and to thank him for

his dutiful service to our Nation.
Congratulations to Howard on this

milestone.
We are elated to celebrate with him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE BERKOSKI FAMILY'S SUCCESS AT THE 108TH PENNSYLVANIA FARM

SHOW

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mrs. Debra

Martin Berkoski and her husband, Steven Berkoski, for their combined

successes at the 108th Pennsylvania Farm Show.
The week contains a multitude of meanings for her, including her

birthday.
Debra began attending the Farm Show at 10 years old, showing

sheep.
This year, as she turned 57 years old, she and Steven won a

combined 89 ribbons out of the 100 competitions they entered, 22 of

them being first place prizes.
Most notably, Debra took home first prize in Pennsylvania's Greatest

Whoopie Pie contest with her pumpkin whoopie pie.
Anyone from our

Commonwealth knows that whoopies pies are essential desserts at any

Pennsylvanian event.
Throughout the week, the Berkoskis commuted over 500 miles between

the Harrisburg Expo Center and their home.
In order to

produce all of their entries, they used a total of 360 eggs, 60 pounds

of sugar, 55 pounds of flour, and 25 pounds of butter.
Mr. Speaker, it is the dedication of people like the Berkoskis that

honor Pennsylvania's rich agricultural traditions.
In addition to being

active participants in the Farm Show, the Berkoskis operate a 200-year-

old family farm in Conestoga.
I want to congratulate the Berkoskis on their success at this year's

Farm Show and thank them for their tireless dedication to honoring our

community's rich agricultural heritage and sharing their skills and

passion with the thousands of individuals who attend the Farm Show each

year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, due to a family emergency, I was unable

to be present for votes on Tuesday, February 6, 2024.
Had I been

present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
34, and YEA on Roll

Call No.
35.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

POVERTY AND INEQUALITY

speech of

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.