Cindy has also been an animal advocate in preparation and response to

natural disasters.
She co-founded the Marin Horse Council's Equine

Evacuation Committee in 2006, represented Marin Humane with Marin's

Emergency Operations Center since 1996, and spearheaded a Marin County

Veterinary Medical Association and Marin Humane joint committee to

educate the community on impacts on animals.
When a disaster hit, Cindy

was always quick to act.
She deployed to Houston during Hurricane

Katrina to assist with animal evacuations, the 2009 Cosco Busan oil

spill in San Francisco Bay, and nearly every wildfire in the region.
Among her numerous commitments, Cindy is a member and former chair of

the Marin Humane Advocacy Committee, member and trainer of the

CalAnimals Training Committee, Advisory Member of the Big Cat Sanctuary

Alliance, and co-founder of the Marin County Hoarding Alliance

Taskforce.
Cindy was also pivotal in creating a non-lethal predator

control model in collaboration with Marin's Agricultural Commission and

Project Coyote, which remains in use today.
Mr. Speaker, I have personally witnessed Cindy in action and can

attest to her knowledge, skills, and commitment to animal welfare.
As

Cindy Machado retires after 40 years of service, she leaves an

indelible legacy of good deeds for animals in Marin County and the

extended region.
I respectfully ask that you join me in expressing

heartfelt gratitude to Cindy for her generosity of spirit, innumerable

achievements and in sending her best wishes on her next endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JIM KENNEDY

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of

Jim Kennedy as we celebrate the dedication of the Jim Kennedy Village

Green at the Contra Costa Centre--Pleasant Hill BART Transit Village.
Jim was born in Montana and grew up in North Dakota before moving to

Davis, CA in the 1960s.
He received his bachelor's and a master's

degree in Economics/Environmental Economics from San Diego State

University.
Jim served as Contra Costa County's Redevelopment Director

for 35 years where he spearheaded efforts to improve traffic congestion

and quality of life throughout the region until his retirement in 2011.
Jim has worked tirelessly to implement transit-oriented development

at the Pleasant Hill BART Station Area.
Jim led efforts to develop

office spaces, high density residential spaces, and initiate

improvements to greenspaces and trails.
This effort supports many

quality jobs and features affordable housing units and convenient

retail shops along the 680 Corridor.
The high-quality housing in

proximity to recreation and transit also attracts workers from San

Francisco and other job centers along the BART line.
Jim played a vital

role in overseeing this project and helping to achieve this goal.
Jim is an active member of the community, having formerly served as

President, Executive Director, and Board Member of the California

Redevelopment Association.
He also served on the board of the Kennedy-

King Memorial Scholarship Fund from 1987 to 2023 and currently serves

on the Eden Housing Board of Directors (2013-Present).
He is also a

founding Co-Executive Director of the Pleasant Hill BART Leasing

Authority.
The Village Green--the connection between the Iron Horse Trail and

the Town Square/Fare gates of the BART station--will be named the ``Jim

Kennedy Village Green'' in honor of Jim's critical work.
This is a

fitting tribute to his vision and hard work.
Please join me in recognizing Jim for his many contributions to our

community and devoted service to Contra Costa County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
HOWARD MAUTNER ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
KAT CAMMACK

Mrs. CAMMACK.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Florida's Third Congressional

District, we wish Mr. Howard Alan Mautner a very happy 100th birthday.
Howard was born in Rockford, Illinois, on April 28, 1924.
When Howard

was eight years old, his family moved to Madison, Wisconsin.
He lived

there until he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps in October 1942 at

age 18.