35.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

POVERTY AND INEQUALITY

speech of

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Madam Speaker, I rise to address the ongoing

challenges that too many families in America face coping with poverty

and income inequality.
I thank my dear friend, Congressman DeSaulnier,

for hosing this Special Order hour, and for his tireless work on these

issues.
In the richest country in the world, poverty is a policy choice.
In

early 2023, the poverty rate in California rose to 13.2 percent, and

the child poverty rate to 13.8 percent.
You cannot disentangle poverty and inequality from systemic racism.
Latinos remained disproportionately poor.
Latinos comprise about half

of poor Californians, but only around 40 percent of all Californians.
Additionally, about 13.6 percent of African Americans and 11.5 percent

of Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders lived in poverty in California at

the beginning of 2023 compared to 10.2 percent of white residents.
That

is why I reintroduced legislation calling for the establishment of the

first U.S. Commission on Truth, Racial Healing, and Transformation.
This Commission will examine the effects of slavery, institutional

racism, and discrimination against people of color, and how our history

impacts laws and policies today.
But while poverty has a disproportionate impact on people of color,

poverty afflicts millions of people in America of all racial and ethnic

backgrounds.
That is why I have worked with the Poor People's Campaign

to introduce a resolution calling for a Third Reconstruction to fully

address poverty from the bottom up.
A Third Reconstruction would

prioritize the needs and demands of the 140 million people in America

who are poor or one emergency away from economic desperation, with

policies focused on healthcare, welfare, water, public education, and

housing.
Across the country, rents and home prices continue to rise much

faster than income, exacerbating housing instability during an

affordable housing supply crisis.
A staggering 78 percent of extremely

low income renters in California are severely cost burdened.
meaning

they spend more than half of their income on housing and utilities.
This is unacceptable when we have the power and tools to eliminate

poverty entirely.
Access to safe and affordable housing, regardless of income, is a

human right.
I am proud to sponsor the DEPOSIT Act, which would provide

security deposit assistance to low-income renters.
As Chair of the House Democratic Caucus Poverty Task Force.
I won't

stop fighting until we pass comprehensive legislation to eradicate

poverty, economic inequality, and racial injustice.
There is a strong

correlation between U.S. poverty reduction initiatives and declining

poverty rates.
We must work to ensure that the Child Tax Credit is

restored to American Rescue Plan levels, which cut child poverty in

half.
We must ensure the House remains focused on combating poverty in all

forms and creating economic opportunity for all Americans.
Together, we

can work to reduce disparities and secure justice for those struggling

to put food on the table.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF PASTOR GREGORY CHRISTOPHER

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my dear

friend Pastor Gregory Christopher and to recognize his decades of

service to Tacoma's Shiloh Baptist Church and the greater Pierce County

community.
Pastor Christopher was called to the Ministry in 1989 and studied

under the Pastoral leadership of Pastor Lonnie Brown at The Body of

Christ Christian Church in Tacoma, Washington.
He began his tenure with

Shiloh Baptist Church in Tacoma's Hilltop neighborhood in 1993.
where

he is the Senior Pastor, and will be retiring this February 2024.
In his 23 years on the pulpit, Pastor Christopher has created a

legacy that puts him on hallowed ground.