Clinton became a well-known and well-loved dentist, while Hortense

put her passion for education and civil rights into action, becoming

the first African American elected to the Lansing School District Board

of Education in 1968.
Four years later, she and several other board

members were recalled for advocating for desegregation, but Hortense

did not let that deter her from working toward her core belief that

everyone deserves access to quality education.
She sat on the state's Women's Commission, served as the first

executive director of the Lansing Community College Foundation, and

helped found a debutante club in Lansing to fill in a void for young

Black women who, at the time, were not permitted to share in this

tradition.
Hortense founded the Lansing alumnae chapter of her sorority, Delta

Sigma Theta, and served as its national president from 1983 to 1988.
She was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame in 2002 and was

named as one of Ebony magazine's Most Influential People.
Hortense

Canady died in 2010 at age 83.
Not only was Hortense Canady impressive in her own right, but her

children have continued to blaze their own trails.
Her daughter, Alexa

Canady, is the first African American woman in the nation to become a

neurosurgeon, and served as chief of neurosurgery at the Children's

Hospital of Michigan from 1987 until her retirement in June 2001.
She

devoted her brilliant mind and her numerous talents to the healing and

welfare of thousands of young patients over the course of her career,

and, like her mother, is an inductee in the Michigan Women's Hall of

Fame.
She was also named a Michigander of the Year by the Detroit News

in 2002.
All three of Hortense Canady's sons became attorneys, including the

Honorable Judge Clinton Canady III.
Before ascending to the bench,

Canady practiced law for 37 years.
He was a founder of the Lansing

Black Lawyers' Association, director of the Ingham County Bar

Association, a commissioner for the Lansing Board of Water and Light, a

member of the NAACP, and served on the board of the Lansing Symphony

Association, Central Michigan Legal Aid, and many other organizations.
Elected to the Ingham County Circuit Court in 2010, Judge Canady served

through his retirement in 2022, but returned on assignment to help

address the backlog of cases from the pandemic.
He and his wife, Rita, have two children who are continuing the

Canady tradition of service, one as an administrative law judge in

California, and the other with the United States Department of State.
The Canady family is part of the very fabric of the Lansing

community, a fabric stitched with their incredible work ethic,

commitment to breaking new ground, and to clearing a path for others to

follow.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2024: HONORING XAVIER DAVIS

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to shine a light on the

incredible accomplishments of a member of the Michigan State University

jazz community: Associate Professor of Jazz Piano, Xavier Davis.
It was 1994 and Xavier Davis, then a college student from Grand

Rapids, Michigan, was performing with a small ensemble at a convention

in Boston when his tunes caught the ear of the legendary jazz vocalist

Betty Carter, a native of Flint.
Carter scooped him up and brought him

to New York, hiring him to work exclusively as the pianist for her jazz

trio.
Davis spent many years in New York, cultivating his talent, learning

from and playing with some of the greatest names in jazz, including

Carl Allen, James Williams, Billy Hart,

Regina Carter, and Wynton Marsalis.
He served as musical director for

the Boy's Choir of Harlem during its 1999-2000 season, played keyboard

for the television series ``Cosby,'' and has been featured on more than

50 albums, including a Grammy-winning collaboration with Christian

McBride in 2012.