Carter scooped him up and brought him

to New York, hiring him to work exclusively as the pianist for her jazz

trio.
Davis spent many years in New York, cultivating his talent, learning

from and playing with some of the greatest names in jazz, including

Carl Allen, James Williams, Billy Hart,

Regina Carter, and Wynton Marsalis.
He served as musical director for

the Boy's Choir of Harlem during its 1999-2000 season, played keyboard

for the television series ``Cosby,'' and has been featured on more than

50 albums, including a Grammy-winning collaboration with Christian

McBride in 2012.
We're so fortunate that after six years of teaching at the famed

Juilliard School, Davis brought his talents back home and has been

teaching jazz piano at Michigan State University since 2014.
In addition to the many students who have benefited from his

instruction, Davis has also dedicated himself to uplifting his adopted

hometown of Detroit through his music.
Supported by a grant from Michigan State University's Humanities and

Arts Research Program, Davis began composing music about Detroit, which

eventually became a powerful album titled ``Rise Up Detroit.''
Through

his music, Davis focuses on the role Detroit has played on the lives of

African-Americans and on the world at large, highlighting the

Underground Railroad, the Great Migration, and the boom days of the

auto industry.
Professor Davis is a gifted composer, arranger, and producer of

music, and widely recognized as one of the most accomplished jazz

pianists in the world.
He is also a proud Michigander, continually

giving back to the community and the state that put the music in his

soul.
While he is the recording artist, it is my distinct pleasure to

record his accomplishments and convey my gratitude for his

contributions here.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CINDY MACHADO

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Cindy

Machado upon her retirement from the Marin Humane Society (Marin

Humane) after 40 years of extraordinary public service.
A longtime Northern California resident, Cindy has been fighting for

the rights and welfare of animals with Marin Humane since 1984.
At that

time, the animal service officer role was dominated by men, but Cindy's

knowledge of animal science, equines and livestock made her an

effective enforcer of animal control and cruelty laws.
She was quickly

promoted to Field Services Sergeant in 1985 and assumed the role of

Animal Services Director in 1996, a position she held until her

retirement.
Cindy's impeccable leadership was critical to establishing Marin

Humane as a highly respected organization locally, and at the regional,

national, and international levels.
She was instrumental in creating

the Animal Law Enforcement Academy, a program hosted by Marin Humane

through Santa Rosa Junior College, in partnership with the California

Animal Welfare Association (Cal Animals).
She also served the Academy

as an instructor on issues including animal cruelty investigations,

animal hoarding, and inspections, and managed an annual Advanced

Academy program for almost two decades.
From pet shops and cock fighting rings to circuses and amusement

parks, Cindy has worked tirelessly to end animal cruelty.
She has led

investigations, testified in court, and participated in many

legislative hearings.
Her influence has been far reaching as an

advocate and educator, leading trainings and workshops on behalf of

Marin Humane across the world, including at the Brazilian Animal

Welfare Congress in 2000, in Taiwan with the Humane Society of the

United States in 2001, and in Mexico with Compassion Without Borders in

2005.
Cindy has also been an animal advocate in preparation and response to

natural disasters.
She co-founded the Marin Horse Council's Equine

Evacuation Committee in 2006, represented Marin Humane with Marin's

Emergency Operations Center since 1996, and spearheaded a Marin County

Veterinary Medical Association and Marin Humane joint committee to

educate the community on impacts on animals.
When a disaster hit, Cindy

was always quick to act.