He began his tenure with

Shiloh Baptist Church in Tacoma's Hilltop neighborhood in 1993.
where

he is the Senior Pastor, and will be retiring this February 2024.
In his 23 years on the pulpit, Pastor Christopher has created a

legacy that puts him on hallowed ground.
His dedication to his

community and his faith places him in the same breath as the legendary

Black faith leaders of Tacoma, including the late Rev. Earnest Brazill,

who was Pastor Christopher's mentor at Shiloh Baptist Church.
In

addition to his congregational leadership, Pastor Christopher also

serves on the Tacoma Ministerial Alliance, and is an At-Large Board

Member of the National Baptist Convention, USA, Inc.

Pastor Christopher has been a fierce and tireless leader outside the

Church as well.
He is a compassionate advocate for folks experiencing

homelessness, a champion for racial representation, and a catalyst for

policy solutions to improve the lives of African Americans in Tacoma

and throughout the greater Puget Sound region.
His work has been

demonstrated through his service as the President of the Tacoma branch

of the NAACP, his membership in the Tacoma Pierce County Black

Collective, and his past service on the board of the Tacoma Urban

League.
Pastor Christopher has been at the center of efforts to promote

racial justice and religious social services for decades, working to

boost inclusivity through expanding partnerships with marginalized

communities within Pierce County.
His leadership and his mission to

empower the community have shaped our community for the better.
Mr. Speaker, beyond detailing all his many accomplishments, I'd also

like to express my gratitude for the partner that Pastor Christopher

has been to my office and to me personally.
I'm proud to call Pastor

Christopher a friend and have appreciated his sage advice throughout my

career.
While we will miss him at Shiloh, I am happy that he will have

more time with his family, including his wife, Evelyn, who also is a

leader in the community, his children, grandchildren, and great

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Pastor Gregory Christopher in

the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE 34TH ANNIVERSARY OF AZERBAIJAN'S BLACK JANUARY

HON.
PAUL A. GOSAR

Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of the 34th

anniversary of Azerbaijan's Black January, During this horrific January

1990 event.
Soviet troops marched into Baku, Azerbaijan to suppress the

freedom and the sovereignty of the Azeri people.
This condemnable

action by the Soviet Union during Black January contributed to the

deaths of 147 civilians and the injuring of 744 more.
The desires of the Azeri people were fair and reasonable, but to

Soviet ]eaders, these desires were unacceptable and had to be crushed.
Despite the savage Soviet opposition on Black January, the Azeri people

remained steadfast in their strong dedication to freedom and self-

determination.
This dedication contributed to Azerbaijan ultimately

gaining its independence in 1991.
Black January is a striking reminder of communism's horrors.
The

death and despair caused by the Soviet Union is shocking example of

this destructive ideology's violent response to dissent and free

thought.
Such a reminder is important not only for America, but the

whole world.
We can never let the odious forces of communism prevail

against the honorable ideals of liberty and individualism.
Today, the Republic of Azerbaijan is a key ally of the United States,

Azerbaijan's economic and security partnership advances American

interests in Eurasia.
It is in the best interest of the United States

and Azerbaijan to maintain close bilateral ties with each other.
Because of this, I hope the friendship between our two countries will

flourish for years to come.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in somber remembrance of

Black January and the lives tragically lost during this saddening

event.