Title: BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2024: HONORING DR.
SAMUEL EDWARD HOLLOWAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
22

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2024: HONORING DR.
SAMUEL EDWARD HOLLOWAY

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a man who was a trailblazer

in athletics and

education, and used his talents to break barriers and change the lives

of generations of young people.
Dr. Samuel Edward Holloway lived to

serve others: his nation, his community, and his family.
It is fitting

that as we mark Black History Month, we shine a light on his place in

the history of Michigan's 7th District and the many doors he opened for

others to pass through.
But before he was Dr. Holloway, he was simply ``Sam,'' a young man

who came to Michigan with his father, who had left the deep South as

part of the Great Migration.
After spending his childhood in various

parts of the Midwest, Sam and his family settled in Michigan in the

1940s, where he would eventually join the Ann Arbor High School class

of 1951.
Sam's athletic abilities were evident from a young age, as he

was crowned state champion in his wrestling class during his high

school years.
Also clear was his desire to use his life for the greater

good, as he enlisted in the United States Army upon graduation, and was

honorably discharged in 1953.
It was then that Sam began embarking on what would become his life's

calling: public education.
He received his Bachelor's and Master's

degrees from Eastern Michigan University, during which time he also

began his teaching career.
And so it was, at the height of the civil

rights movement in 1963, when Samuel Edward Holloway became the first

Black faculty member in the history of South Lyon Public Schools.
During his tenure there, he is also credited with becoming the first

Black person to serve as head wrestling coach for a high school team in

the state of Michigan.
Eventually Holloway earned his PhD in education, and went on to serve

in numerous districts, including Ypsilanti Public Schools and Romulus

Public Schools.
In the late 1970s he became a building administrator at

Pioneer High School in Ann Arbor, a full circle moment for the man who

had graduated from that very district.
He held that post until his

retirement in 1990, a retirement that he and his wife Janet enjoyed to

the fullest.
Still an athlete at heart and in practice, Holloway

competed each year in the Arizona Senior Olympics, and rode his

motorcycle across the United States and Europe.
Dr. Samuel Edward Holloway passed away in 2022, leaving behind his

devoted wife, his four children, a large and loving extended family,

and an incredible legacy.
Dr. Holloway didn't set out to be a pioneer;

he simply wanted to do the things he loved in the service of others.
I

now ask that the People's House reflect his groundbreaking

contributions and the gratitude of the institutions forever changed by

his presence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2024: HONORING RODNEY WHITAKER

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a member of the

Michigan State University faculty who has contributed to the rich

artistic landscape of our great state and helped shape the next

generation of musical talents, all set to a distinctive jazz beat.
As a young recording artist in Detroit, Rodney Whitaker likely never

imagined he would one day build and lead one of the most distinguished

jazz degree programs and performing faculties in the world.
But the

legendary bassist, known for his distinctive ``bear-sized'' tones,

today serves as Director of Jazz Studies at MSU, a program he has

transformed into a world class training ground whose students have gone

on to perform alongside some of the top jazz artists in the world.