A judge overseeing the

re-opened case called the El Paso Police and prosecutor's office's

actions ``unacceptable'' and ``grossly negligent if not more.''
Estella Ybarra, serving in a capacity that demanded both diligence

and empathy, demonstrated remarkable courage and an unwavering

commitment to justice.
The cascade of events that followed her phone

call culminated in Carlos Jaile being released from prison after 27

years of wrongful imprisonment.
Her role in this case, as detailed in a

recent Texas Monthly article, showcases her dedication to ensuring

fairness and integrity within the judicial process.
Ms. Ybarra's actions not only upheld the sanctity of the judicial

system but also reinforced the critical role that individuals play in

maintaining public trust and confidence.
Today, it is my honor to recognize Estella Ybarra.
She embodies the

best of El Paso: bravery, persistence, empathy, and a commitment to

justice.
Her actions exemplify the highest ideals of public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LARRY STRAUS ON HIS 95TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor Mr. Larry

Straus for his 74 years of dedicated service to the United States

Postal Service.
A Drummond Island native, Mr. Straus has been a mail carrier of the

USPS since 1950 and has served many Michigan communities over the past

seven decades, including Mt. Pleasant and Kingsley.
Larry has served

the Drummond Island community since 2000 and recently just celebrated

his 95 birthday.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor Mr. Larry Straus for his 74

years of dedicated service to the United States Postal Service and wish

him an incredibly happy 95th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LOIS CASON WOOTEN

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of

Lois Ruth Cason Wooten, who sadly passed away at the age of 95.
Lois studied English and Library Science at the University of

Georgia.
She took her passion and expertise to work as the Head

Librarian at Northside High School in Atlanta, Georgia.
After her time in Atlanta, Lois and her husband Frank moved to

Savannah, Georgia where they selflessly served the city in a myriad of

ways.
Lois was greatly involved in the Savannah Symphony, Savannah College

of Art and Design, and Wesley Monumental United Methodist Church.
Mr. and Mrs. Wooten are survived by their beloved daughter, Anna, and

their wonderful grandchildren.
Lois will always be remembered for her

service in the Atlanta and Savannah communities and will be greatly

missed by her family and friends.
I offer my sincerest condolences to the entire Wooten family.
My

thoughts and prayers are with the family and Lois' friends today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO LIEUTENANT COLONEL ASA PEARSON

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, Lieutenant Colonel Asa Pearson from Bedford, who is

retiring from the United States Army after 40 years of honorable

service.
LTC Pearson began his military career in October 1983, when he

enlisted in the Army.
He completed his basic training at airborne

school and AIT, then he was assigned to the 1st Special Operations

Command as a Psychological Operations Specialist.
LTC Pearson has been

a steadfast pillar in our community, dedicating his time, expertise,

and compassion to helping the knowledge and well-being of those who

need it most.
During his 40 years of service in the Army, he advanced

from Private E1 to Sergeant First Class and earned a Bachelor of

Science degree in Emergency Management from the University of North

Texas.
While working as a PSYOP subject matter expert at the John F. Kennedy

School of Special Warfare, LTC Pearson was recommended for, and

accepted, a Direct Commission.