The Kiwanis Club brings a spirit of commitment and service to our

community, and it is important that we continue to support its

engagement and philanthropy.
The Kiwanis Club is making Georgia's First Congressional District a

better place to live, work, and learn.
Congratulations to the Kiwanis

Club and its volunteers on 100 years of service to Georgians, and

people worldwide.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHANCELLOR CAROL CHRIST'S RETIREMENT

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my

colleagues, Representatives Mark DeSaulnier and Eric Swalwell, to honor

the retirement of a champion of women's issues, a leader in diversity,

and an advocate for high quality and accessible education--Chancellor

Carol Christ.
Chancellor Christ began her career in academia at Douglass College,

where she studied English Literature and graduated with high honors.
Recognizing the value of the liberal arts and sciences, Chancellor

Christ earned a Ph.D. from Yale University before immediately joining

the English Department at the distinguished University of California,

Berkeley (UC Berkeley).
Chancellor Christ served as a professor at UC Berkeley for over three

decades.
Her titles included chair of the English Department, dean of

Division of Humanities, and provost for the College of Letters and

Science.
Beyond helping form the minds of the future, Chancellor Christ

was key in helping the University achieve its academic and strategic

goals.
This made her an ideal choice when in 2017, Chancellor Christ began

her term as the 11th chancellor of UC Berkeley.
During her term she

oversaw academia and education at the highest level.
Through thoughtful

debate and discussion, strategic financial decisions, the consideration

of student and community voices on key issues, and encouragement of a

positive environment for education; Chancellor Christ helped cement UC

Berkeley as one of the premier learning institutes in the world.
We honor Chancellor Christ and congratulate her on a well-earned

retirement.
We thank her for her decades of service to educational

justice and the careful facilitation of curious young minds and wish

her well as she has more time to spend with her children and

grandchildren as her legacy continues to grow and impact future

generations of students and leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ESTELLA YBARRA FOR HER EXEMPLARY SERVICE AND COURAGE

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Estella

Ybarra, from El Paso, Texas, for her exceptional dedication to justice

and integrity.
Ms. Ybarra was a juror in a 1990 high-profile case of Carlos Jaile.
When the jury convened to deliberate, she believed in Jaile's innocence

but ultimately felt intimidated by the aggressive pushes for a guilty

verdict by her white, male peers.
It was her first time serving in a

jury and without a full understanding of the legal system, she felt

pressured into a guilty vote, though her conscience told her otherwise.
For almost 30 years, her conscious reminded her of the man whose

innocence she believed in.
She decided to take action and with great

humility, courage, and empathy.
She called the El Paso Police

Department, who connected her with the District Attorney's office that

had won Mr. Jaile's conviction 27 years earlier.
The office agreed to

reexamine the case.
The reexamination resulted in an Earth-shattering revelation: the

District Attorney's office had DNA evidence from the FBI that

exonerated Mr. Jaile, but hid the test results.
A judge overseeing the

re-opened case called the El Paso Police and prosecutor's office's

actions ``unacceptable'' and ``grossly negligent if not more.''
Estella Ybarra, serving in a capacity that demanded both diligence

and empathy, demonstrated remarkable courage and an unwavering

commitment to justice.
The cascade of events that followed her phone

call culminated in Carlos Jaile being released from prison after 27

years of wrongful imprisonment.