LTC Pearson has been

a steadfast pillar in our community, dedicating his time, expertise,

and compassion to helping the knowledge and well-being of those who

need it most.
During his 40 years of service in the Army, he advanced

from Private E1 to Sergeant First Class and earned a Bachelor of

Science degree in Emergency Management from the University of North

Texas.
While working as a PSYOP subject matter expert at the John F. Kennedy

School of Special Warfare, LTC Pearson was recommended for, and

accepted, a Direct Commission.
As a Commissioned Officer, he continued

his professional development by attending the Bush School of Government

to study International Affairs and by earning a master's degree from

Texas Christian University.
LTC Pearson has consistently sought

opportunities to expand his knowledge, attending the Transportation

Officer course, the Civil Affairs Officers Advanced Course, and the

PSYOP Officers course.
In addition, he has served in the following

roles: PSYOP Team Sergeant in Desert Storm, Civil Affairs Joint Staff

Officer in the Balkans, PSYOP Detachment Commander to Afghanistan, and

Civil Affairs Company Commander in the Horn of Africa.
LTC Pearson was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his heroic actions

in Desert Storm and has also received four Meritorious Service Medals,

the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Combat Action Badge, the

Master Parachutist Badge, the Pathfinder Badge, and the Russian Basic

Airborne Badge.
Lieutenant Colonel Asa Pearson exemplifies the finest North Texas has

to offer.
As we honor him today, we do so not just with gratitude for

his 40 years of service in the United States Army, but also with

appreciation for his dedication to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARINE EXCHANGE OF THE SAN

FRANCISCO BAY REGION

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Marine Exchange

of the San Francisco Bay Region, upon celebrating its 175th

anniversary.
Since its inception, the Marine Exchange has been at the

forefront of technological advancement in its industry, implementing

groundbreaking improvements to make the maritime industry safer for

all.
Originally founded in 1849, the Marine Exchange facilitated safe and

efficient maritime trade during the California Gold Rush.
Over the

decades, the Marine Exchange evolved into a critical driver of

innovation in the Bay Area, helping expand and develop the Bay Area's

maritime industry.
From installing the first electric telegraph on the

West Coast to serving as the research and development site for the

first vessel traffic service in the country, the Marine Exchange has

played an essential role in supporting the America's maritime

infrastructure and promoting navigational and environmental safety.
The Marine Exchange's remarkable milestone of 175 years of service

demonstrates the organization's sincere commitment to supporting our

country's maritime industry and the countless Americans whose

livelihoods depend on it.
This commitment has led to tremendous

economic impact in the Bay Area and beyond, strengthened environmental

protections, and improved organization and communication throughout the

region.
On behalf of the constituents of California's Eighth Congressional

District, I would like to honor the Marine Exchange of the San

Francisco Bay Region upon its 175th anniversary and extend my sincere

gratitude for its generations of service to the United States maritime

industry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAYO PERFORMING ARTS CENTER

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 30th

anniversary of the Mayo Performing Arts Center (MPAC) in appreciation

of its importance to New Jersey's Eleventh Congressional District as a

center of entertainment and arts education.
MPAC has its origins in the Community Theater, the first first-run

movie theater in

Morristown, which opened in the 1930s but eventually fell into

disrepair.
In 1994, the Theater reopened as a performing arts center,

sparking a 30-year journey leading to the MPAC we know today.