Terry began at ATI in 1981 and held multiple positions of increasing

responsibility in marketing, quality, production planning, and general

management, including Vice President and General Manager of ATI's Flat

Rolled Products division.
In this capacity, he played an integral role

in the design, construction, and operation of ATI's Hot Rolled

Processing Facility in Brackenridge, PA, a $1.3 billion-dollar facility

that provides technologically advanced titanium and nickel products to

the nation's Industrial base and our armed forces.
In 2015, Terry was

selected as Vice President (ATI Defense) and charged with expanding

ATI's support to all branches of the U.S. military and prime defense

contractors.
In this role, Terry promoted the importance of specialty

materials in the platforms, propulsion systems, and armor providing the

technical solutions our servicemembers depend on to fight and win out

Nation's wars.
Terry is married to the former Laura Laderer of Meadville, PA.
They

met at Allegheny College and have been married for 42 years.
They have

four children--Leslie (husband Rich), Terrence ``I'' (wife Camille),

Mike (wife Kate), and Colin (wife Allie).
They are the proud

grandparents of Ellis and Lawrence (Leslie and Rich), Will and Jane

(Mike and Kate), and Benson and Emery (Colin and Allie), and they are

anxiously awaiting two more grandchildren later this year.
As Mr. Hartford embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that

he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the

outstanding contributions he has made to ATI, Western Pennsylvania, the

Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the United States of America.
I would

like to send my fellow Yinzer my best wishes for continued success in

his future endeavors and a well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF LOWELL ``BRENT'' SIBLEY

HON.
ANNA PAULINA LUNA

Mrs. LUNA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lowell

`Brent' Sibley of Oneonta, Alabama, and include in the Record his

obituary.
Lowell `Brent' Sibley, 70, of Oneonta, Alabama, passed away

on Tuesday, August 6, 2024.
He was in the midst of completing

a multi-year project developing a retreat in South Alabama to

accomplish his son, Forrest's, vision for his Air Force

Combat Control brothers.
Thanks go out to all ``his guys''

who have stood in as sons and brothers since 2015.
As a proud Son of the South, Brent was born in Baton Rouge,

LA, grew up in Gulf Breeze, FL and made his home in Oneonta,

AL.
He graduated from UWF with a BS in Marketing, where

shortly after, he opened his first business with Chick-Fil-A

and made a home for his family.
He was an outstanding and

dedicated father and worked tirelessly to ensure he gave his

children a life full of love and life lessons.
He has had a

lifelong passion for music and has shared his talent with

friends from Shreveport to Pensacola to Gadsden and beyond.
His accomplished guitar talent reflected his fierce

admiration for the true soul sound of the Blues.
An original

``Breezer,'' he leaves behind a legacy of close friendships

and of bandmates including the Skydogs who honor the Allman

Brothers.
His annual Jam for Duane brought together

nationwide musical talent and fans for many years.
Brent was

an avid hunter and woodsman and loved sharing his plethora of

knowledge with his children and his brothers within the

Special Tactics Community.
For those who knew him, Roll Tide.
He was also a long-time official of baseball and basketball

games.
He retired from Realty South in Oneonta, AL.
He is preceded in death by his parents, Raiford and Betty

Sibley, and his son, SSgt Forrest Brent Sibley, 21st Special

Tactics Squadron.
Brent leaves to cherish his memory his daughter, Jordan

Sibley; granddaughter, Sophia, of Pensacola; his fiancee,

Mona Maddox; brothers, Bryan Sibley (Sarah) and Dale Sibley;

along with nieces, nephews, cousins and extended family.