Title: CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEOPLE INCORPORATED; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
131

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEOPLE INCORPORATED

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I offer these remarks in honor of People

Incorporated of Virginia, which celebrates its 60th anniversary this

year.
People Incorporated has been a leading advocate for the care of

rural Virginians, particularly in Southwest Virginia, since the

organization's inception.
People Incorporated got its start in August 1964 in Washington

County, providing education, day care and recreation for local

residents.
At the time, the group was referred to as the Hayter's Gap

Community Club before it was changed to the Progressive Community Club.
Expansion of the agency ensued, with services extending to the

Bristol area starting in 1974, when it became known as People

Incorporated.
The services provided by People Incorporated today help many

communities in the Commonwealth, including the people of Buchanan,

Dickenson, Russell and Washington Counties, as well as the City of

Bristol.
These services include community development projects, family

and financial service counseling and employment training, among others.
A resolution from the Virginia House of Delegates commends People

Incorporated, noting that the group has grown to such prominence that

it ``is regarded as one of the most innovative and successful community

action agencies'' in the country.
Given the struggles and challenges that rural Virginians face, the

work of groups like People Incorporated makes a difference and improves

the living conditions of many.
I look forward to the continued success of People Incorporated, and

thank their leadership, their staff and all affiliates for their

tireless commitment to the betterment of our region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE CITY OF FAIRWAY, KANSAS ON ITS 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 75th

anniversary of the city of Fairway, Kansas.
Founded in 1949, the city of Fairway is known as the City of Trees,

and like mighty trees that grow from tiny seeds, so has Fairway.
Fairway may be diminutive in size--slightly more than 4,000 people live

within one square mile of land, but the city boasts a strong and tight-

knit community where all are welcome.
This sense of community has

sprung up in part through Fairway's beautiful surroundings: the city

was initially named for the elegant golf fairways that framed it, and

now it is known for the towering trees that line many of its streets.
It's no wonder that Fairway has fostered a strong local business

community and has been home to many notable Kansans over the last

several decades.
I want to congratulate the city of Fairway on its 75th anniversary,

and I look forward to what the next 75 years will bring.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE KIWANIS CLUB

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Kiwanis

Club of Brunswick for 100 years of service to Brunswick and its

surrounding communities.
Since 1924, the Kiwanis Club of Brunswick has been supporting youth

literacy and development.
The club has served countless children and

communities across the world, cultivating leadership and initiating

impactful projects that have positively affected a multitude of

communities.
Kiwanis was also instrumental in starting the Frank Callen Boys and

Girls club and continues to support that organization.
The Kiwanis Club brings a spirit of commitment and service to our

community, and it is important that we continue to support its

engagement and philanthropy.
The Kiwanis Club is making Georgia's First Congressional District a

better place to live, work, and learn.
Congratulations to the Kiwanis

Club and its volunteers on 100 years of service to Georgians, and

people worldwide.