Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 30th

anniversary of the Mayo Performing Arts Center (MPAC) in appreciation

of its importance to New Jersey's Eleventh Congressional District as a

center of entertainment and arts education.
MPAC has its origins in the Community Theater, the first first-run

movie theater in

Morristown, which opened in the 1930s but eventually fell into

disrepair.
In 1994, the Theater reopened as a performing arts center,

sparking a 30-year journey leading to the MPAC we know today.
None of

this would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of

countless staff members, volunteers and philanthropists.
MPAC has grown

to offer over 200 performances a year to close to 200,000 patrons.
Their events and educational programs not only enrich the community

with vibrant music and culture, but have an $18 million impact on the

local economy.
MPAC is truly a cultural cornerstone and key economic

driver for Northern New Jersey.
MPAC's programs strive to ensure the arts are an integral part of

everyone's life by making music, culture, and dance accessible to all.
Their educational programs have grown exponentially to touch over

40,000 children and their families each year of all ages and abilities.
Opening the world for these students while introducing the creative

spark and mental health benefits of the arts.
I am especially thankful

for MPAC's groundbreaking Miracle Project which brings the

communication, social and confidence building skills learned through

performance arts education to children and young adults with autism and

other special needs.
Whether it is through large scale entertainment events, civic

conversations, free community engagement initiatives, or their

extensive educational programming, it is clear that MPAC provides a

critical forum to immerse ourselves in the arts and open our minds to

new cultural experiences.
In this 30th anniversary year, I am grateful

for all they have done to support New Jersey artists, our community and

our local economy.
I am excited to see their continued impact on the

performing arts across New Jersey.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF MR.
TERRENCE HARTFORD

HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mr. Terrence ``Terry'' L. Hartford on his retirement from ATI, a

company with deep roots in Western Pennsylvania.
Terry devoted his

entire working life to ATI, retiring after 43 years of service.
An

esteemed and respected member of the ATI team, Terry was most recently

the Vice President (Defense and Global Markets) for ATI.
Through his

tireless efforts to strengthen the Defense Industrial Base, Terry

directly contributed to the defense of the United States and, more

importantly, the men and women of our Armed Forces.
A lifelong Yinzer, Terry graduated from Kiski Area High School,

earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Allegheny

College, and earned a Master of Business Administration from the

University of Pittsburgh Katz Graduate School of Business.
He is a

member of the Allegheny College Board of Trustees and the Allegheny

College Economics Department Board of Visitors, and he served as Vice

Chairman of the Specialty Steel Industry of North America until his

retirement.
Terry began at ATI in 1981 and held multiple positions of increasing

responsibility in marketing, quality, production planning, and general

management, including Vice President and General Manager of ATI's Flat

Rolled Products division.
In this capacity, he played an integral role

in the design, construction, and operation of ATI's Hot Rolled

Processing Facility in Brackenridge, PA, a $1.3 billion-dollar facility

that provides technologically advanced titanium and nickel products to

the nation's Industrial base and our armed forces.
In 2015, Terry was

selected as Vice President (ATI Defense) and charged with expanding

ATI's support to all branches of the U.S. military and prime defense

contractors.