He retired from Realty South in Oneonta, AL.
He is preceded in death by his parents, Raiford and Betty

Sibley, and his son, SSgt Forrest Brent Sibley, 21st Special

Tactics Squadron.
Brent leaves to cherish his memory his daughter, Jordan

Sibley; granddaughter, Sophia, of Pensacola; his fiancee,

Mona Maddox; brothers, Bryan Sibley (Sarah) and Dale Sibley;

along with nieces, nephews, cousins and extended family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF JOHN G. YOUKER

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to posthumously honor John G.

Youker for his service to the United States in the War of 1812.
Known

to all as ``George,'' Mr. Youker was born to Revolutionary War Patriot

John Youker, Sr.
and Elizabeth Schall on February 3, 1789, in

Montgomery County, New York within the Mohawk Valley Region.
Mr. Youker served as a Private in the NY Militia under Captain

Frederick German's Company and Lt.
Colonel Commandant Calvin Rich's

11th Regiment.
From August 22, 1812 to February 22, 1813 he was

stationed at Sackets Harbor, which became the center of American

military activity during the war.
The First Battle of Sackets Harbor

began July 19, 1812.
It was a major ship building location for the war

and a highly important location to defend.
Mr. Youker was discharged 3

months before the second battle of Sackets Harbor.
After his service, Mr. Youker and his wife, Catharine Burkdorf

Youker, lived in Montgomery County, New York with their children.
They

later settled in Harrison, Pennsylvania in the mid-1840s before

following their children to the Grand Traverse Area in the 1860's.
Mr.

Youker passed away in Blair Township in May of 1870 and was buried at

Mt. Hope Cemetery, in what is now Green Lake Township, Grand Traverse

County Michigan.
In 1870, Veteran stones were not provided and military status was

rarely made apparent

on a person's headstone, and I would personally like to thank the

Northern Michigan Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution for

honoring John George Youker in a formal ceremony on August 3rd of this

year.
The work that they do truly honors our heritage and those that

have valiantly served before us.
Mr. Speaker, today I offer the posthumous recognition and gratitude

that John G. Youker deserves, and I honor him for his service to the

United States in the War of 1812.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF PA STATE REP.
OBERLANDER

HON.
GLENN THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Pennsylvania State Representative Donna Oberlander's advocacy for the

63rd District and to congratulate her on her retirement.
For the past 16 years, Rep. Oberlander has served Clarion and

Armstrong Counties, advanced economic opportunities and preserved

traditional values.
Throughout her time in public service, Donna has made a lasting

impact on our commonwealth.
Her legislation, Act 130 of 2022, permitted

pilot driverless testing programs, which have created thousands of jobs

and contributed billions in investments.
Her advocacy for Act 7 of 2020 has created safer outcomes for

medically fragile newborns by regulating milk banks.
Outside of her numerous legislative accomplishments, Rep. Oberlander

is a dependable leader.
In the Pennsylvania State House, Donna has

served as Chairwoman for the House Tourism and Economic and

Recreational Development Committee, Republican Whip, Republican Policy

Chairman, and Caucus Secretary.
Rep. Oberlander's impressive leadership speaks volumes.
She was the

first Republican woman to serve as both Republican Whip and Policy

Chairman.
Donna Oberlander is an impressive woman; I am fortunate to call her

my friend.
I thank her for her service to the people of Pennsylvania

and wish her well in retirement.