The Secretary of State will be aware of the ambitions of Scotland and the other devolved nations when it comes to major capital transport schemes.
However, she will also be aware of the swingeing cuts made to capital budgets by the previous Tory Government, while construction inflation has risen to eye-watering levels.
Will she ensure that capital funding for transport projects is substantially increased to enable work on vital connectivities to progress at pace?
I have met the Scottish Transport Minister, Fiona Hyslop, and look forward to a constructive working relationship with her.
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that spending commitments are a matter for the spending review, but those negotiations and discussions are ongoing.
As a result of under-investment in the lower Thames crossing project, Dartford residents face a noxious cocktail of bad air quality and disruption, living as they do near the hugely over capacity Dartford crossing.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider making representations to the Treasury to ensure that the lower Thames crossing, which is a vital infrastructure project, is funded?
The decision around the development consent order for the lower Thames crossing is a quasi-judicial one.
I am afraid I am unable to comment further than my written ministerial statement this week.
If she will take steps with Cabinet colleagues to ensure the provision of ringfenced funding for local authorities to deliver publicly-controlled bus services.
As part of our plan to deliver better bus services, the Government have committed to reforming bus funding by giving local authorities the tools they need to ensure services reflect the needs of the communities they serve.
We want to give local leaders more control and flexibility over bus funding, and allow them to plan ahead to deliver their local transport priorities.
We are considering how best to support buses in the longer term as part of the spending review.
The Government’s better buses Bill is a fantastic example of what a Labour Government can achieve and do.
For the Bill to be successful, if funding is made available, we must ensure bus drivers are paid adequately and local residents have an input into the design, regularity and quality of routes.
Will the Minister confirm that that will form part of the Bill and that this Labour Government will end the Tories’ 14-year ideological war on municipal transport?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I reassure him that we are committed to delivering better bus services and that we will always put passengers first.
Our forthcoming bus Bill is a crucial part of our reforms.
When it is introduced later in this Session, it will increase powers available to local leaders, because those local leaders are best placed to make decisions on their bus networks, and remove the Conservatives’ ideological ban on municipal bus companies.
What steps her Department is taking to improve transport links in rural areas.
The Government know that Britain needs a modern transport network to help kickstart economic growth.
Under the previous Government, the loss of thousands of vital bus services across the country has left too many rural areas with poor transport links.
That is why the Government will be introducing a new buses Bill to put power over local services back in the hands of local leaders right across England, to ensure  networks can meet the needs of the communities that rely on them, including in Suffolk and other rural areas in England.
While I welcome the news that this Government plan to deliver 1,200 UK-made zero-emission buses to help local authorities deliver on their transport ambitions and seize opportunities to embrace zero-emissions transport technology, may I ask what consideration the Secretary of State and her Department have given to the much-needed expansion of electric vehicle charging networks in rural communities, specifically those in central Suffolk, to support the roll-out of the electric fleet?
We will be making an announcement soon on that expansion.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I pledged to move fast and fix things, and that is exactly what my Department is doing.
Not only have we ended the longest ever national strike on our railways, saving the taxpayer millions and boosting our economy, we have passed a landmark Bill through this House to bring rail services back into public hands after decades of failure and fragmentation.
We are taking back control of buses by providing new powers to deliver control to every community in England.
We have taken a step closer to greener flights, with a new sustainable aviation fuel mandate.
Just yesterday, I announced new measures to strengthen working rights at sea and prevent a repeat of the P&O Ferries scandal ever happening again.
Transport is powering the crucial work of repair and renewal.
It underpins each of our national missions, from economic growth to clean energy, and under this Government it will serve working people, wherever they live.
My constituent, Frederick Cooksley, was sent a fine by the Mayor of London for breaching the ultra low emission zone rules, despite driving on a road where the ULEZ does not apply, which provides access to a very important hospital in my constituency.
Will she prevail upon her colleague the Mayor of London to ensure, unlike Mr Cooksley, who had to challenge at great length to get his money back, that everyone who has been issued a fine in error for driving on a road where the rules do not apply is automatically refunded?
I am sure the Mayor of London will have heard that question.
We will pass on issues around fining on roads where the ULEZ does not apply.
At best, the proposed lower Thames crossing offers only a short-term mitigation to the problem of congestion at the Dartford crossing, but will have a significantly detrimental environmental and quality-of-life impact for my constituents and feels counterintuitive to the Government’s net zero ambitions.
Given that, what steps will the Secretary of State take to consider the potential for investment in cross-river public transport, including the KenEx tram scheme— Order.
I am sorry, but this is topicals.
It was a bad example to begin with, but do not make it worse.
I am sure that you are coming to the end of your question now.
What steps will the Secretary of State take to consider cross-river public transport?