I wonder if the right hon.
Lady can see the irony in the fact that the new bus system that she is so excited about introducing is broadly the same as the train system that she is busy dismantling.
The simple truth is that without  funding, the Government’s plan will not make struggling bus services viable or affordable for passengers.
What has helped is our £2 fare cap, which has saved millions of people money and helped to keep local buses going, especially in rural areas.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the £2 fare cap has been a good thing and, crucially, is she going to keep it?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to suggest that the underfunding of bus services over a decade has led to the cancellation and scrapping of thousands of bus routes across the country, and passenger numbers have fallen over the last 40 years.
We are committed to consolidating funding and ending the “Hunger Games” style process that the previous Government oversaw, which pitted authorities against each other and created winners and losers.
What steps she is taking to promote walking and cycling.
This Government recognise the huge benefits of walking and cycling.
They support our economic growth, health and net zero missions by helping to revitalise high streets, improve air quality and support people in living longer, healthier lives.
This Government will embrace green and healthy transport choices, and we will set out ambitious plans to promote safer, greener and healthier journeys as part of an integrated transport strategy.
Barriers to active travel are many, including old footbridges that are needed for crossing railways.
In my constituency of Wokingham, Network Rail is in the process of replacing the footbridge at the Tan House crossing.
Despite an offer from the local authority to contribute towards the cost of making the bridge accessible to all, Network Rail has insisted on spending millions of pounds to build a bridge that many people will never be able to use.
Can the Minister review with Network Rail why it believes that it is not required to make its estate accessible to all, and take steps to ensure that it is required to do so in future?