The Secretary of State wrote to colleagues and made a written statement on  24 July 2024  on her decision to pause further commencement of the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 in order to consider options.
We have heard concerns from minority groups and others that that Act and its implementation may have unintended consequences and result in disproportionate burdens for universities and student unions.
Many are concerned that it could push providers to overlook the safety and wellbeing of minority groups over fears of sanction and costly action.
I want to provide the House with reassurance that this Government believe that higher education must be a space for robust discussion that exposes both students and academics to challenging ideas.
The decision to pause the Act was made precisely because of the importance of getting this legislation right.
The Secretary of State indicated in her written statement that she would confirm her long-term plans for the Act “as soon as possible”.
Since then, officials and Ministers have engaged with a wide range of stakeholders on the future of the Act.
This includes representatives of higher education providers and academics, including those from the Committee for Academic Freedom, Academics for Academic Freedom and the London Universities’ Council for Academic Freedom.
Those officials and Ministers will continue to engage with stakeholders before any final decision is made.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech in this uplifting debate to celebrate the success of the Olympics and Paralympics.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Warrington South (Sarah Hall) ; I completely agree with her sentiments about children who are beneath the radar, and I will do everything I can to ensure that they are lifted and seen.
One of my happiest family memories is of a trip in 2012 to enjoy the spectacle and the spirit of the London Paralympics in the pool and on the track, a day that surely inspired my own children’s passion for and dedication to sport.
My constituency can lay claim to Britain’s first ever track and field Olympic gold medallist: Charles Bennett, a train driver from Shapwick—otherwise known as the Shapwick Express—won the 1,500 metres in 1900 and took two further medals, but was largely forgotten until his family discovered his achievements more than 100 years later.
My own journey to this place has been more of a marathon than a sprint.
It took four attempts for me to win my seat of Mid Dorset and North Poole, my home for 25 years.
That journey also started in 2012, when Dame Annette Brooke, the then Liberal Democrat MP, invited me to tea and suggested that I put myself forward as a candidate.
I explained that I was just a mum of four running a café and was completely unqualified for the job, having never been to university, and that “people like me did not become MPs”.
She simply replied, “That is why you should stand.”
Without her faith in me I would not be here, and I hope that I can emulate her work—such as her support for park home owners, protecting Dorset’s heathlands and fighting for better education funding—and that I can achieve just a fraction of the deep respect and admiration that our community still feels for her.
I turn to my immediate predecessor, Michael Tomlinson.
He was so proud of his legislative roles—first as a Government Whip, then as Solicitor General, and most recently as the Minister for Illegal Immigration.
I know that he took these responsibilities very seriously, but not as seriously as his love for cricket.
On a recent trip to the Netherlands, he captained the Lords and Commons parliamentary cricket team against their parliamentary team.
My constituency of Mid Dorset and North Poole is made up of dozens of communities, all with their own special character.
We are all linked through our landscape,  particularly the Dorset heathlands, which are home to all six of the UK’s native reptiles and to ground-nesting birds.
It has the most lovely walks, including on Upton heath, known to my social media followers as “my happy place.”
The work undertaken by the Dorset Wildlife Trust, RSPB Arne, the National Trust and others to restore our landscapes means that we are one of the only places in the UK to have reversed the decline in nature.
Eco-tourism is now supporting economic growth, preserving the way of life in our countryside, towns and villages.
While the beaches are in neighbouring constituencies, our playgrounds are our rivers, but I should stress that that is on the water, not in the water.
The navigable River Frome is ideal for a Birds of Poole Harbour boat trip to catch sight of a white-tailed eagle or a deer on the foreshore, or for a sail up to the Anglo-Saxon walled town of Wareham, with its art deco cinema and pretty pubs on the quay, while the smaller River Piddle is perfect for paddling.
The River Stour runs down from the north to Wimborne Minster, home to river-based Dreamboats, Canford school’s rowing facility and Poole harbour canoe club.
I will fight to clean up our rivers and achieve bathing water status at Eye Bridge, where our teenagers already spend their summer days chilling out by the water, and where parents like us taught our kids to kayak.
I want to support the amazing people who are working to use our natural environment to improve health and wellbeing through sport—people like Will Behenna, who founded Inclusive Paddleboarding after being paralysed and now helps disabled people enjoy the tranquillity and freedom of the water.
Off the water, Wimborne Minster is named after its ninth-century church and is home to a chained library, a museum with a mummified cat in the walls—apparently for good luck—and an annual folk festival.
The Drax and Kingston Lacy estates, and the villages that go out towards Holt Heath, provide the chocolate-box images you read about in Thomas Hardy’s literature.
According to local legend, much of the content for his novels came from listening to the town’s gossip when he lived in Wimborne.
Returning to sport, England saw footballing success and heartbreak this summer with the Euros, but in mid-Dorset we were thrilled that Wimborne Town football club was promoted to the southern league premier south, and that the neighbouring AFC Bournemouth opened its world-class training facility in Bearwood in my constituency, guaranteeing a pipeline of brilliant future Dorset footballers.
Mind you, the pedigree is already there, as two of the England under-23 ladies’ team came through Broadstone middle school as classmates of my own children.
Given that Olympic trampolinist Izzy Songhurst from Broadstone, champion go-karters and winning sailors, among others, grew up in our constituency, I want to pay particular tribute to the volunteer coaches who make it possible for our children to have these opportunities, as well as to charities such as Dorset Community Foundation, which helps our athletes compete at the highest level or simply lets children take part in what they love.
Every child must be able to thrive, but our current education system stops that happening for so many young people.
We have a curriculum that crushes creativity, a SEND system that condemns children to fail, and a  grip so tight on Ofsted measures that teachers do not have the space to truly share the joy of learning.
Some of our children face an even greater battle, including children in care, young carers, children who suffer bereavement, and those with disabilities or life-limiting conditions.
We need those children to thrive too, and thanks to charities such as Become, MYTIME Young Carers, Mosaic, Diverse Abilities and Julia’s House children’s hospice, so many of them do.
But with councils facing bankruptcy and unable to deliver much in non-statutory services, and with public donations down due to the cost of living, they need action from the Government to secure proper funding.
As an MP, my voice is my power, and I will use it to fight for them, and for all who strive to improve the lives of those who feel voiceless.
I also want to send a message to people in my community who feel powerless, and to young people who are worried about the future: if you want something badly enough, keep trying.
It is possible, whatever your background, your gender and your struggles.
Like me, you might take the long route, but like my famous country “mum walks”, the long ones are where you stumble across the most interesting places and create lasting memories.
Like many people, I have a bucket list.
It has just three things on it: to run the London marathon, to earn a degree, and to represent my community as a Member of Parliament.
Well, Dad, I finally achieved one of them.
Although he is not here in the Chamber today—he is watching at home—I hope he is proud.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] I still pinch myself about being in this place.
I am just a mum with four fabulous kids—Molly, Abbi, Isaac and George—and my long-suffering husband Paul.
I have an incredible team of volunteers who keep believing in me, and a community who have put their trust in me to speak up for them.
I want everyone living in Mid Dorset and North Pole, from Shitterton to Happy Bottom—yes, they are real places—and from Gaunt’s Common to Canford Heath, to know that they have a champion in me, and to know that I am committed to making the places that we all call home the best they can be.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is great to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worsley and Eccles (Michael Wheeler) .
I congratulate everybody who has done their maiden speeches today, and this is the first time I have done it—I suppose that is why they are called maiden speeches.
I am proud to speak here for the first time, especially in this debate, as facilities in Corby were used by athletes to train for the Olympics.
Kieran Reilly, who lives in Corby, won silver at the BMX freestyle.
Adrenaline Alley was the venue he used in the constituency, a terrific venue that many use.
I am delighted to be the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Corby and East Northamptonshire.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Tom Pursglove, who had the honour to represent Corby for nine years and became a Minister during that time.
I know for a fact that he was very proud to serve his constituency, and I always found him extremely constructive and extremely cordial.
I know that now, after Parliament, he is looking at doing work with disabled people and getting disabled people better access to work.
I hope that I will be able to work with him, because I am now chairing an all-party parliamentary group on modernising employment.
One area we are going to look at is how disabled people can access work, so I hope our paths will cross again.
I also thank Andy Sawford, the last Labour Member of Parliament for the constituency, who continues to be a good friend to our constituency.
He is somebody I seek wise counsel from, and I am fortunate enough to say that I get that rather cheaply.
He runs a political consultancy, so if hon.
Members ever ask him for his opinion, it is going to cost them a lot of money, but whenever I do, I get it for free.
Thanks, Andy, for being there for us as we move on.
Corby and East Northamptonshire is a large constituency that I have had many years of dealing with.
I represented Corby’s postal workers for over a decade, and I can tell you now that a finer group of workers you will never be able to meet.
My daughter Hannah was married at the wonderful venue at the Stanwick hotel, and my father was for a time a boot and shoe worker in the town of Raunds.
Indeed, Raunds has its place in history for fighting for fair wages and good pay.
Next year marks the 120th anniversary of the Raunds strike of 1905, which saw workers who made boots for the Army march to Parliament to demand better pay.
The War Office agreed and set a minimum rate for their job.
The case for fair wages and good pay is as relevant today as it was then.
Work should be the route out of poverty.
It should not mean a lifetime trapped in it, yet 40% of children living in Corby and East Northamptonshire who live in poverty have at least one working parent.
We need to  reshape the world of work so that it pays, and our economy so that the dignity of a job is always better than no job.
In-work poverty should be eradicated and chucked into the dustbin of history.
Today, we celebrate the new deal for working people being laid before this House.
With that, we will have the foundations for a better future for working people.
I want to be around to ensure we can do that.
Other parts that make up my constituency include the market town of Thrapston, which boasts its own livestock market.
I was delighted to join Thrapston’s mayor, Andy McGovern, at his recent service to celebrate his term of office.
East Northamptonshire is also home to the town of Oundle.
Oundle school and Prince William school are two of three schools in an open education partnership, which I am delighted to be able to support and facilitate, which sees independent and state schools coming together to share their facilities and best practices.
Corby is a town built on steel.
Back in the day, many travelled down from Scotland as steelworkers, and the steelworks were built.
Residents are rightly proud of their heritage, which they celebrate each year with a weekend of highland games and many Burns suppers.
It has a proud history and a spirit that has seen them rise against any adversity they have faced.
That is why after fighting against the steelworks closure in the 1980s, which saw over 10,000 people thrown on the dole, they rebuilt their town; they rebuilt their communities, and they would not be beaten.
During my time on the campaign trail, one lady whose door I knocked on captured that spirit.
“I’m standing to be your Member of Parliament at the next election,” I said.
“That’s amazing.
My mum would really love to meet you; can you come back in half an hour because we’ve got guests at the minute?”
I said yes, so I went back.
It turned out her mum had just stopped taking treatment for stage 4 cancer and wanted to live her days.
She said to me, “I want you to do two things.
First, always speak up for Corby; we’re good people, we’re proud people.
The second thing I want you to do is get the No. 50 bus back.”
I said, “Okay, what’s the No. 50 bus?”
The No. 50 bus is the direct bus that went from Corby to Kettering general hospital.
“When my husband was in hospital, that was my lifeline to get to see him and I want it back,” she said.
I am going to pop round to see her daughter because on  2 November , it is back; it will take people directly from Corby to Kettering general.
The only thing they cannot do is give us the No. 50 back; it is now the No. 2 because the No. 50 goes to Peterborough and apparently it will cost money to get the number back, but I think the principle has been established.
I have spent my adult life representing working people, from the start when I took on an apprenticeship with the Royal Mail and I joined my union, the Communication Workers Union.
A lot of people talk about their schooling, their university, their training.
The CWU was my schooling, my university, my training, and without a shadow of a doubt I would not be here today if it was not for the CWU.
The journey here has been somewhat interesting to say the least.
It started in the back of a taxi with me and Frances O’Grady talking about the importance of working- class people entering our politics, because we were on  our way to the funeral of Jack Dromey, a dear friend to this place, this party and our movement.
I want to put on record my thanks to the TUC for what it did in supporting me during my time as the candidate.
It went from the back of a taxi with Frances to driving around Corby in a Vauxhall with Eamonn Norton and Mark Pengelly knocking on the doors of about 600 Labour party members to try to convince them I was the candidate they should all vote for.
We did the best we could; I became the candidate and now I represent that constituency.
I know it is not going to be easy to do that, but I am determined to make a difference.
There are issues that I want to get involved with and changes I want to see.
I want to see a difference in the world of work by making sure that work really does pay and is a route out of poverty.
I want to make a difference to give a voice to so many families with children with special educational needs who are being denied the basic right to education; every child has the right to education, and having special educational needs should not mean that they are denied that fundamental right.
The House is going to discuss dignity in dying, but there is another aspect to it that I want to talk about.
In this country, it is legal to sack a worker on the grounds of capability when they have a terminal diagnosis.
That is fundamentally wrong; we need to close that loophole and make sure that the last thing people worry about when they have such a diagnosis is the future of their job.
We should not be treating people like that and we need to make the changes accordingly.
Lastly, I want to thank my family for their support.
I am a proud father, grandfather, son and brother to a family that has always been strong in values and principles and I thank them all.
My mum could not be part of this journey here with me because she died several years ago, but I want to say her name, Patricia Eileen Lilian Barron, because now I have said her name they will write it down; it will be in Hansard so no one can erase it and a bit of her will live forever, and I am proud to be able to do that.
With much to do to make the change that we need to give people back a future that they can once again look forward to, I for one will do all I can to make it happen.
Our unity is our strength, our solidarity; that is how we will get there
and I intend to make the most of the time I have in this place.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for North Cornwall (Ben Maguire) , who gave a passionate if controversial maiden speech.
It is also a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington South (Sarah Hall) , whose father-in-law is one of my predecessors as MP for Northwich.
I pay tribute to Mike Hall, whose contribution towards getting the funding we needed to stop the town sinking into a big hole of subsidence was vital.
I am grateful to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to the House for the opportunity to make my maiden speech in this important debate on sport, following the incredible achievements of our Olympians and Paralympians at this year’s games.
We are lucky enough to have a great record of sporting success in Mid Cheshire.
Our own Paula Radcliffe, who needs no introduction, achieved incredible feats in athletics over her long career, smashing the marathon world record.
Northwich rowing club’s Matt Langridge won gold at Rio in the men’s eight.
The club, which has a proud tradition of breaking the perception of rowing as an elitist sport, told me about the “Matt Langridge” effect, as more young people have taken up the sport with that club than ever before.
And this year, the awe-inspiring Poppy Maskill, from Middlewich, who was mentioned by the shadow Minister, not only swam her way to five medals, a world record and the accolade of being the most successful British athlete at this year’s Paralympics, but was given the honour of being the GB flagbearer at the closing ceremony.
I cannot leave this list without mentioning my mum, who got the running bug after I was born—I do not think the two are related—and went on to win the gold medal in the 10,000 metres at the European veterans championships in 2013.
All these athletes, and others  like them, have been an inspiration to the next generation of runners, rowers and swimmers.
It is fitting that we honour them and their achievements today.
It is a tremendous honour to have been elected to represent Mid Cheshire, and our three great and historic salt towns of Northwich, Winsford and Middlewich.
The last constituency to bear the name—back then, a two-member constituency with a strong pedigree of electing men with beards and the same surname—was abolished in 1885.
Thanks to 139 years of boundary changes, I now pay tribute to not one but four predecessors.
Mid Cheshire gained the village of Rudheath from  the right hon.
Member for Tatton (Esther McVey) , who has represented the area since 2017.
I thank her for her service.
It seems that Rudheath’s loss is Lymm’s gain, and I am sure the people of Lymm can look forward to many years of common-sense solutions to the challenges they face.
Middlewich was transferred from Congleton, formerly represented by Fiona Bruce.
She served as a Member of this House for 14 years and, prior to that, as a councillor in Warrington for six years, a remarkable 20 years of public service that is testament to Fiona’s character.
I know her former constituents appreciated her hard work and advocacy on their behalf, and her focus in Parliament on championing the right to freedom of religion and belief.
I pay tribute to her as a campaigner for better transport infrastructure in her constituency, something on which I hope to build in my time here.
I gained Winsford from the former constituency of Eddisbury, represented by Edward Timpson from 2019, who prior to that served as the Member for Crewe and Nantwich.
Edward’s outstanding work on improving the life chances of fostered children will undoubtedly shape his political legacy.
Edward said in an interview in 2014 that he would not have been Children’s Minister and he would not have been a family lawyer if his parents had not fostered.
He may no longer be a Member of Parliament, but I am certain we have not seen the last of Edward’s contribution to public life.
Finally, I pay tribute to my good friend, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Runcorn and Helsby (Mike Amesbury) , who has represented Northwich these past seven years.
Colleagues from across the House will know of his loyalty and his diligence, as well as his successful campaign from Opposition to make school uniforms cheaper for all.
He has been unfailingly kind and supportive towards me, and extremely generous with his time and sound advice.
I was until recently a councillor in Northwich, so I know at first hand how assiduously my hon.
Friend worked on behalf of his former constituents, and how highly regarded he is locally.
He certainly leaves some big shoes to fill.
Each of my predecessors would have been a worthy custodian of the constituent parts that now form Mid Cheshire, but these areas are not just names on a map—they are vibrant communities, each with its own natural beauty, rich history and promising future.
The towns of Northwich, Middlewich and Winsford were predicated on the salt industry.
From the Roman era to the industrial revolution, these towns have been shaped by the salt deposits found beneath their foundations and their strategic location at the confluence of several waterways that have been exploited to support trade, transport and our communities’ growth.
In the best tradition of British innovation, the people of Mid Cheshire have found interesting things to do with the holes in the ground after the salt has been removed.
The Adelaide mine in Northwich once hosted a banquet for Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, with over 10,000 candles illuminating the orange crystal banqueting hall, all 130 feet below the surface.
Today, the Winsford salt mine keeps the nation’s secrets, with over 33 km worth of papers from the National Archives stored safely underground, while just outside Middlewich, preparations are well under way to store the hydrogen produced by Cheshire’s Hynet project in the salt seam below.
The salt mines, canals and rivers that run through my constituency have played a pivotal role in shaping the local economy and culture and each has left an indelible mark on our landscape and identity.
But these towns are not just about salt and their storied past; today, they are thriving places that are built on resilience, innovation and community spirit.
Northwich is a vibrant town with an exciting and lively events programme.
The Now Northwich international dance and street arts extravaganza has delighted visitors with giant insects, peacocks, princesses and rainbow butterflies, while the annual Piña Colada festival, inspired by Northwich-born Rupert Holmes’s song “Escape”, which I will not provide a rendition of now, has become an important fixture of life in the town centre.
These events and dozens more like them would not be possible without the council, local businesses, rotarians and community groups all pulling together and supporting the town centre to make it the events capital of Cheshire.
There is pride in our community, with people willing it to succeed in the face of 14 years of managed decline under the previous Government.
It was in Northwich in 1933 that polythene was accidently discovered by ICI researchers, and, in Winsford today, we have companies dealing with that industrial legacy, eliminating single-use plastics and recycling them.
Indeed, Winsford is home to more than 200 innovative companies, from creators of advanced tissue-healing technologies to developers of a sophisticated AI model to keep people safe from plant and equipment on construction projects all over the world.
But the true lifeblood of Mid Cheshire lies in its people.
They are compassionate, friendly, and proud of their heritage.
They are people like Julie, Diane or Matthew, running charities to help people with Down’s syndrome, autism, and muscular dystrophy.
They are people like John, Alan or Janet, volunteering hours of their time to keep the parks and the streets of Winsford Northwich and Middlewich looking their best.
They are people like Catherine and Ant who have kept our community fed, and people like Gale and Jess who have helped more people in Winsford than I could begin to count.
They and hundreds like them are at the heart of our community.
They are the custodians of our history, and the architects of our future, and, despite the challenging times that we are facing, I am convinced that it is a future filled with promise and possibility.
I have long believed that the people of our three great Mid Cheshire salt towns, and, indeed, our country, want a Government who are on their side.
They want politics and politicians to serve them, to end the chaos and dysfunction of Westminster and to rebuild our country.
The key mission of this Labour Government is to restore trust in politics, to show that politics can be a  force for good, and to demonstrate that politics and politicians can deliver for people and change lives for the better.
I promise always to do my best to serve and represent my constituents, to work tirelessly to deliver the change that people have voted for, and to repay the trust that the people of Mid Cheshire have placed in me.