The Government’s bus reforms are welcome, but rural areas such as Cornwall have perhaps the poorest bus services in England, as well as less well developed partnerships than, say, urban Greater Manchester.
What plans do the Government have to ensure that rural areas in England can benefit from better bus services, as cities certainly will following the Government’s reforms?
My hon.
Friend is an incredible campaigner on transport matters, not just in her constituency but across the country.
It is true that rural communities face different challenges, but the Government’s better buses Bill will enable local authorities to take back control of our buses and improve services, where they wish to do so.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
The state of the country’s bus services is too often unacceptably poor after more than a decade of neglect and decline.
Politicians in my position have neglected them for too long, and it shows.
In September we moved fast and announced transformative new measures to make it quicker and easier for every local authority in England to have London-style control over its bus services.
Public transport is crucial for rural communities, connecting residents to essential services.
However, between 2011 and 2023 England saw a 20% reduction in bus services, with a 28% per capita decrease when the figure was adjusted for population growth.
That decline has had a severe impact on rural areas such as my constituency, leaving many residents isolated and struggling to gain access to education, employment, healthcare and social activities.
Can the Secretary of State tell me how the better buses Bill will improve the position for my constituents?
I am aware of the premium that my hon.
Friend places on public transport.
Indeed, I have campaigned along with him, in his beautiful constituency.
I am delighted to confirm that we will introduce a new buses Bill this year to give local leaders the tools that they need to ensure the delivery of high-quality bus networks, putting decision making into their hands and seriously accelerating the franchising process.
Bus services in the city of Durham are an absolute headache for my constituents.
Buses are often 45 minutes late in villages such as West Drayton.
The Labour Mayor of the North East and I want to  crack on and deliver our manifesto promise to bring buses back into public control.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that the better buses Bill will allow us to enfranchise buses sooner rather than later, and will she meet the Mayor and me discuss the bus situation in Durham?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question.
The better buses Bill is designed exactly to help authorities such as the North East combined authority.
I have met the Mayor, as has the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , who has responsibility for local transport, on a number of occasions to discuss how we can ensure that the franchising process is sped up so that we can deliver better bus services much more quickly for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
I am sure the local transport Minister would be delighted to meet both my hon.
Friend and the Mayor.
My right hon.
Friend knows that when the previous Government axed over 1,000 bus routes, local communities were completely ignored.
As she rebuilds our bus network, can she assure me that the better buses Bill will make provision to fully include local voices, not just the voices of those in elected positions?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has put her finger on exactly the problem with the system across the country at the moment.
For too long, we have allowed private operators to pick and choose whatever routes and services they want, with no say whatsoever for local people or local leaders.
The better buses Bill is at the heart of our bus service reforms, and it will give local people a proper say on the routes and services that they absolutely depend on.
In my constituency of Huntingdon, eight villages receive no bus services whatsoever, including Molesworth, where we will shortly see a half a billion pound investment in upgrading and expanding our defence infrastructure at RAF Molesworth.
Given that franchising will potentially be introduced in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can guarantee that our rural villages are given the focus they urgently need?
The hon.
Gentleman has made the case for franchising.
It is totally unacceptable that entire villages are cut off, without the bus services that they absolutely need.
That denies people the opportunity to move around their area and get to work or education opportunities.
The Mayor of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough is pursuing franchising.
We are supporting him in those efforts, and we will make sure that villages such as those in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency are properly included in the franchising process.