The Secretary of State was asked— If she will take steps to help expedite the approval of additional trains to increase capacity on Chiltern Railways.
Officials will continue to work with Children Railways to support the delivery of its fleet renewal programme to improve passenger experience and drive sustainable growth across the region.
Chiltern is exploring options to expedite its procurement of additional trains while following robust assurance steps to ensure that it has a strong business case that delivers value for money for the taxpayer.
Chiltern Railways has the oldest fleet of any operator at over 30 years of age, and additional capacity is needed to meet the demands of my constituents in Solihull West and Shirley.
While I welcome the Department’s commitment to reducing overcrowding by moving more rolling stock to where it is needed in the network, can the Minister expand on the specific steps the Department is taking to reduce overcrowding on the Chiltern main line?
Chiltern’s business case assesses both like-for-like and enhanced capacity rolling stock options.
Like-for-like offers similar capacity to the current fleet but more modern trains to deliver a better customer proposition.
Enhanced capacity would enable Chiltern to run more services to relieve crowding.
Both options are still under consideration ahead of further market engagement.
A final decision will be made taking into consideration value for money and affordability.
What steps she is taking to help mitigate disruption to rail passengers travelling to the south-west when construction of Old Oak Common station begins.
Nowhere is the Tory legacy of transport failure more obvious than in the legacy we have been left on High Speed 2, with costs allowed to run completely out of control, communities ignored, and misery for passengers baked into the plans.
My Department is working with the rail industry to minimise disruption during the construction of Old Oak Common station, including through a £30 million investment in mitigations that will allow services to continue to operate during the disruption.
Our railway in the south-west is too slow, too fragile and too expensive.
Does the Transport Secretary agree with me and colleagues across Cornwall, the south-west and Wales that this new HS2 station will mean slower and more disrupted journeys?
Will she meet me and a delegation of south-west MPs to discuss mitigation of the legacy she has inherited from the last Government to ensure that the south-west does not suffer now and in the future because of that disruption?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for rightly raising these issues.
I will be delighted to meet her to discuss the mitigations.
Efforts will be made to minimise the impact on passengers, including trains terminating at either Ealing Broadway or Reading, but we will work with her to monitor and minimise disruption for her constituents.
Traffic delays at level crossings in Egham, Addlestone and Chertsey are punishing my constituents, and engineering works and diversion routes just make that worse.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can mitigate and improve our level crossings, especially during these engineering works?
I fully appreciate the implications of Network Rail engineering works, and the construction and maintenance of level crossings in particular.
I will happily pass on the hon.
Member’s request for a meeting to the Minister for Rail in the other place.