The Secretary of State has met the chief executive of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, and this matter was discussed.
The MCA will continue to monitor this important issue, as well as follow up on the actions already taken since the Westminster Hall debate on maritime safety last April.
If we continue to see this as a matter of legality, nothing will ever change, and certainly not in any decent timeframe.
We have to focus on what we can do practically to end the sort of attacks that trawlers from Shetland, such as the Alison Kay and Defiant, have been subject to in recent years.
Will the Minister look at the experience of authorities in Ireland, who have managed to tackle the reckless conduct of trawlers like the Pesorsa Dos and keep their fishermen safe?
I will undertake to look at the authorities in Ireland.
I had a recent visit to the Orkney Islands in the right hon.
Member’s constituency.
I would wish to catch up with him about that and I am happy to meet him to discuss this matter further.
What recent progress has been made on the electrification of the midland main line.
Electrification is progressing on the midland main line, with the new overhead line equipment from Kettering to Wigston, just south of Leicester, now installed and energised.
That, together with enhancements to overhead line equipment south of Bedford, will enable new bi-mode trains to run electric from St Pancras to Wigston from 2025.
The full electrification of the midland main line would significantly reduce railway operating costs and cut 42,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide annually.
Current work on the line will finish soon.
Moving ahead with the rest of the project would retain the multidisciplinary skills and supply chain needed for rail electrification in the UK.
The Department has  already given us so much good news for rail, so can the Minister give us some more good news on this very important question?
I commend my hon.
Friend’s support for this scheme, and for being such a champion of the railways and her constituents.
I assure her that delivering greener transport is one of the Secretary of State’s priorities for our Department.
The extension of the electrification from Wigston to Nottingham, and to Sheffield via Derby, is in development and is planned to be completed by the early 2030s, subject to business case approvals and affordability considerations.
It is not electrified, Mr Speaker, but the west midlands railway line from Birmingham to Hereford has seen a dramatic deterioration in its performance since the Secretary of State agreed the no-conditions, inflation-busting pay rise with the strikers.
Will the Minister agree to meet the management of West Midlands Railway to see what steps could be taken to improve the performance on that important line?
There have already been improvements in performance and a reduction in cancellations on the railway.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is working extremely hard to hold operators to account and to ensure that all our constituents enjoy a quality service from the railway.
It is essential that we put passengers at the heart of it for the first time in a very long time.
If she will meet authorities in Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly to discuss transport needs in those areas.
The Government are working apace to improve transport provision throughout the country.
We have already announced five strategic transport priorities to improve local transport performance and increase usage.
Officials will continue to meet local transport authorities across the south-west to discuss their aspirations.
Following the points raised by  the hon.
Member for Truro and Falmouth (Jayne Kirkham) , may I point out that a great many other challenges have been revealed since the general election?
There are worries about expensive school transport and risk-free investment in Cornwall, and there are also worries on the Isles of Scilly, where we seek parity with Scotland and the English mainland in respect of lifeline links to the islands and, indeed, inter-island transport.
It would be helpful if, as well as meeting the transport authorities, the Minister could meet local MPs, because these issues are becoming very serious indeed.
All air and sea services are operated commercially, without public subsidy.
The Department has provided support, particularly during the pandemic, but its officials are committed to regular engagement with the local council to see how we can improve travel provision on the islands.