One of the ways in which we could improve the reliability of all our train services is through reform of working practices such as annual leave and weekend working.
Agreeing a no-strings deal with ASLEF forced the Secretary of State into agreeing a no-strings deal with the RMT.
How does she plan to recover from such a weak negotiating position for future rounds?
What progress has she made on proposals—our proposals, I should say—for a pay review body for public rail workers?
Order.
I am sure that question must be related in some way to Old Oak Common.
I think we need to be more descriptive when asking such questions.
Secretary of State, answer as you wish.
I am happy to answer that question, Mr Speaker.
The two-year industrial dispute cost the taxpayer £25 million a day every time the Tories oversaw a strike day.
The reforms that they pursued cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of pounds.
We have since settled  the national pay dispute and localised disputes on London North Eastern Railway and CrossCountry, leading to improved passenger services across the country.
What steps she is taking to improve road safety.
Every death on our roads is a tragedy; for too long, they have been treated as an inevitability.
The safety of our roads is an absolute priority for this Government.
Since the general election, the Department has begun work on a new road safety strategy, the first in more than a decade, which will support our mission to build an NHS fit for the future.
Last week, I met South Yorkshire police to raise the issue of speeding and in particular the phenomenon of boy racers, which is a problem across my constituency, particularly in Broom, Sitwell and Whiston, as well as along the A57 around the Todwick roundabout.
That was a constructive meeting, but what steps are the Government taking to clamp down on this dangerous problem?
I applaud my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
I know the blight that such antisocial behaviour and speeding has on communities, particularly in areas like the one he represents.
A key part of our safer streets mission is to take back our streets, and the Government will give police the powers they need to seize illegal, dangerous and antisocial vehicles and take them off the streets for good, so that they can quickly be crushed.
We are working on delivering the road safety strategy, the first in over a decade, to reduce antisocial behaviour, injuries and tragic deaths on our roads.
In Hinckley, we have one of the most bashed bridges in Britain; it gets hit every two weeks on average.
It is on the A5, which also has some black spots for accidents and pinch points.
Will the Secretary of State arrange for a meeting between me and the Roads Minister,  the hon.
Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , to talk about how we can get through the improvements that have been looked at for the last few years to ensure that our bridges are not hit and that we do not have black spots on the A5?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that important issue.
It is clear, with stats like those, that it needs some attention.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Roads Minister will be happy to meet him.
Between 60,000 and 90,000 vehicles pass through the A50/A500 corridor every single day, but the road is slow and unreliable, with average rush hour speeds below 20 mph.
The road is a daily nightmare for residents of Uttoxeter and the surrounding areas, and serves as a significant barrier to economic growth.
Will the Minister commit to meeting me in Uttoxeter to see for herself the upgrades that are needed?
I fear I may be filling up the diary of my hon.
Friend the Roads Minister, but I am sure she would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for Burton and Uttoxeter (Jacob Collier)  to discuss the road in question.
Road safety is one of the main reasons why young people do not cycle, and that is particularly true in cities such as Bath, where the historic infrastructure makes it difficult.
What will the Government do to help young cyclists in particular by making roads safer in Bath?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that point, and it sits at the heart of our ambition to develop the new road safety strategy.
The previous Government pursued poisonous culture wars against road users of all descriptions.
We are determined to take back streets for pedestrians, cyclists and drivers, and that will be at the heart of our new ambition for the road safety strategy.