In London, connectivity is provided by Transport for London, but in my constituency of Wimbledon, despite its wonderful tube, tram, train and bus connections, my constituents suffer from repeated track and signal failures on the District line, while South Western Railway is labouring with ageing rolling stock and decreased frequency of service at stations such as Malden Manor and Worcester Park.
What are the Government planning to do to address the capital funding crisis that they inherited from the Tories across London’s transport system, and will the Minister meet me to discuss the problems affecting the District line and South Western trains?
The Government remain committed to supporting London and the transport network on which it depends.
We are working with the Mayor of London on funding plans for transport in the capital, to provide value for money and lasting benefits to the public.
I would, of course, be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss these matters.
If she will have discussions with Sustrans on the potential role of its tool for modelling and forecasting cycling levels in the promotion of active travel.
So many questions!
As the executive agency responsible for walking, wheeling and cycling, Active Travel England is investigating how to improve the modelling and forecasting of cycling levels to ensure that we invest appropriately.
I have asked its officers to meet Sustrans colleagues to discuss the potential benefits of its tool.
The brilliant cycle to work scheme runs across the four nations of these islands, but under current rules, it cannot be used by people who earn less than £17,000 a year.
This almost certainly contributes to the fact that only 30% of people on lower incomes have access to a cycle, compared with 59% of people on higher incomes—that is almost double.
Various solutions have been proposed, including the Sustrans suggestion of a voucher giving 40% off the cost of a bike.
Can the Minister do anything to address this unfair situation, and to help our national Governments support people on lower incomes who would like to be able to take advantage of the cycle to work scheme?
I recognise the problems with the scheme, and I will work closely with Treasury colleagues on this matter.
I was delighted to attend the launch of the Sustrans report in the Palace a couple of weeks ago, and I will pay careful attention to its recommendations.
What steps she is taking to ensure the resilience of regional airports.
Although airports are responsible for their own resilience and financial plans, the Department continues to engage with the industry to ensure that operations are as resilient as possible.
Furthermore, my officials are actively exploring opportunities for improving the resilience of the sector.
Aviation at Cornwall airport, Newquay, is under threat from increasing regulatory burdens, leading its owner, Cornwall council, to explore costly funding options that could put this aviation business on an even less stable footing, despite its clear benefit to the public good and the local economy.
Will the Minister outline the steps being taken to ensure that there is an adequate strategy in place to support airports in meeting these increasing regulatory burdens?
As my hon.
Friend knows, the UK aviation market predominantly operates in the private sector, and regulatory costs are common to several industries.
My Department is working with the aviation industry to understand the impact of these costs, and I am sure he will continue to champion the public service obligation route between Newquay and London, which enables more passengers to use Newquay airport.
Whether she has had discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on increasing capital investment in transport.
As the Chancellor set out in her statement, this Government inherited a £22 billion fiscal black hole, including billions of pounds of underfunded and unfunded transport projects.
We must fix the foundations of the economy, so I am reviewing capital expenditure in transport to ensure that every penny is spent responsibly, to get the best value for money, and to ensure that our investment powers growth in every corner of the country.