I congratulate the Secretary of State on saying recently that it is ridiculous for HS2 to end at Old Oak Common.
Can she confirm whether funding for the work necessary at Euston station has now been secured and what she is doing to reverse the Tories’ equally absurd decision to end the northern leg at Birmingham?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
As I said earlier, nowhere is the legacy of the previous Government more pertinent than the mess in which they left HS2.
Even under their disgraced plans, Euston was always going to be part of the position on HS2, and we will shortly be making a full announcement about the future of HS2 and, crucially, about its cost controls.
I am pleased to hear that the Secretary of State has said that, unlike the previous hapless Government, she will prevent another scandal such as the sudden sacking of 800 P&O ferry employees two years ago.
Will she please outline what steps she intends to take to stop anything like that ever happening again?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
The previous Government took two-and-a-half years after the P&O ferry scandal to do nothing.
In fewer than 100 days, we are bringing forward legislation that will prevent such a scandal ever happening again, and we are working with operators who employ properly in this space and the trade unions to bring forward protections on rostering as well.
The A12 is the major artery between London and the east coast, yet it is already busier than most motorways and suffers from horrendous congestion and delays.
Will the Minister therefore press ahead with the widening scheme, which is at an advanced stage, and without which the Government’s projected growth targets and housing targets simply will not be met?
I understand the pressures in relation to the A12, but as the right hon.
Member will know, the Secretary of State has announced a review of our Department’s capital portfolio that will support the development of our long-term strategy for transport, and of course there is a Budget and a spending review coming up.
Eurostar services have not called at Ashford or Ebbsfleet international rail stations since the pandemic, with Eurostar stating that it will not resume services for some years.
That is having a really detrimental impact on businesses and residents in my constituency, and more broadly across Medway and Kent.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, other interested MPs and representatives  from the Kent and Medway economic partnership to discuss options to restore this vital rail service and help to boost economic growth in the region?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s important question.
We share her and her constituents’ disappointment in the commercial decision by Eurostar to cease services.
We hope to see a reinstatement, either by Eurostar or another operator, in the future, but I will meet with her, other MPs and local stakeholders to continue discussing this matter.
Government allocations to local highway authorities for road maintenance have been frozen since 2016, with no funding for new roads since 2012.
My constituency has lost over half its funding.
Will the Minister urgently investigate how road maintenance funding for local authorities can be restored?
There is no greater sign of the failure of the previous Government than the appalling state of our roads.
That is why this Government have already committed to supporting local authorities across England to fix up to 1 million extra potholes every year.
We will have more to say on this in due course.
Exeter has a good and well used rail system that is vital for the economic and social success of our city; however, two of our stations—St Thomas and Polsloe Bridge—are accessible only to people who can climb flights of stairs.
Will the Minister please update the House on the work that the Government are undertaking to ensure that our rail network is accessible to everyone?