The previous Minister promised me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  that he had instructed LNER and Network Rail to ensure that we get our through train from Grimsby to London.
Will the Minister confirm that she will continue those firm instructions and, above all, ensure that this train stops?
If it does not stop in Market Rasen, I am going to lie down on the line and stop it that way.
I do hope that the right hon.
Member will not put himself in such danger.
We are working with industry to address timetabling, financial, operational and infrastructure issues that need to be resolved before a service between Cleethorpes and London via Market Rasen could be introduced, once the east coast main line timetable change has been implemented.
We will consider any proposals put forward, with approval subject to funding and a thorough business case process.
One of the final acts of the last Tory Government was to cancel Access for All funding for Battersea Park station in my constituency, despite there being a costed plan in place with the local authority.
The funding has been promised for more than a decade.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can get the project back on track and finally make Battersea Park station step-free?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has been campaigning on this issue since the moment she set foot in this House.
I would be delighted to meet her to see how we can take forward this important project.
Local people in Harpenden and Berkhamsted are already blighted by noise from Luton airport, and are highly concerned about the proposed expansion to almost double passenger capacity.
What assessment has the Minister made of the compatibility of the expansion with the views of the Government’s own advisers, the Climate Change Committee?
Currently, Luton airport is part of a development consent order, on which I cannot comment as a Minister, but I would remind people that it is always important to balance noise and local economic activity.
Twenty-five years ago, two trains collided just west of Paddington station, in what was one of worst rail accidents of recent times.
Thirty-one people lost their lives and many more were injured.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to all those who were affected by the Paddington rail crash?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his bravery in recently speaking out about his personal involvement in that tragic crash, and I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell)  and my officials for attending the commemoration last weekend.
I join my hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading Central (Matt Rodda)  in paying tribute to the families of the victims and to all those heroes who responded on the day.
Residents in my constituency have been in contact about services at Worcester Park, which have been cut dramatically over the past few years, as has already been alluded to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler) .
One resident complains that prices have gone up by 20% in the past five years, and that the last train has been brought back from almost 1 am to before midnight.
This is not only throttling London’s night-time economy, but causing issues for local residents who choose more sustainable transport.
Will the Minister explain when we can expect to see improvements in services following renationalisation, which may begin as early as next year?
The hon.
Member has outlined exactly the kind of issues that we seek to address through the public ownership reforms and the creation of Great British Railways.
The Department is already working with operators that are in public ownership and those that are not yet, such as Southern, to ensure that the decisions that they make are properly joined up with Network Rail and that we can start driving improvements immediately.
As a result of a failure in regulation, the cross-border taxi trade is undermining the high standards set by local taxi companies and black cabs.
What is being done to improve regulation, and will the Minister meet me to discuss the situation in York?
We are aware of concerns about the current legislative and regulatory framework and would be delighted to meet her to discuss that further.
The previous Government introduced the “get around for £2” bus fare, which was committed to for five years in the Conservative manifesto.
Given that— Order.
Face this way, please.
Questions should be asked through me, not addressed directly to the Minister.
Of course, Mr Speaker.
Will the Government commit to extending the fare until at least the end of this financial year?
It is so important for rural bus users and for lower-paid workers accessing employment right across the country.
We are considering the benefits that have accrued as a result of the £2 bus fare and what steps we will take next.
Of course, that will all form part of the spending review.
While the lower Thames crossing is under review, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to promote river transport crossings such as river buses?
I will ask my officials to look into river buses, and I will write to my hon.
Friend after today’s session.
The A36 is a critical route between Southampton and Bath/Bristol.
A study was completed several months ago.
Given the decision on the A303 tunnel just north of Salisbury, will the appropriate Minister meet me so that we can discuss connectivity and remove the pinch-point on the Southampton Road south of Salisbury on the A36?
I would be very happy to meet the right hon.
Member to discuss that.
I pay tribute to the “Rights on Flights” campaign for the work that it is doing to improve accessibility, particularly for wheelchair users.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to improve aviation accessibility for disabled people?
I met the “Rights on Flights” campaign early on after becoming Secretary of State.
We will set out our plans to address the major issue of aviation accessibility shortly.
The last Conservative Government ringfenced funding to the West Midlands Combined Authority for the delivery of a train station in Aldridge.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that that is proceeding as planned and will be delivered by 2027, or has she signed away our ringfenced funding in favour of a wider Transport for West Midlands budget in order to support the Labour Mayor’s ideologically driven plan for bus nationalisation?
The West Midlands Mayor’s plan for bus services across the west midlands are predicated on delivering better bus services and transport across the region as a whole.
We will look into where the funding is for the Aldridge train station.