Mr. Speaker, throughout its history, Leon's Heroes has remained

steadfast in its commitment to honoring the legacy of our military

members, past and present.
I ask you and my other distinguished

colleagues to join me in commending the organization for its

outstanding dedication to the community, to our veterans, to our active

service members, and to our first responders.
Leon Wolek and the many

devoted volunteers involved with this extraordinary organization are

truly worthy of our highest praise.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NATIONAL COMMISSION TO COMBAT WORKPLACE SEXUAL

HARASSMENT ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the National Commission

to Combat Workplace Sexual Harassment Act, which would establish a

national commission to combat sexual harassment in the workplace.
I

have modeled this bill on bills Congress has passed to establish

commissions to address other national problems.
Specifically, this bill

would establish a commission to carry out a comprehensive investigation

and study of workplace sexual harassment in the United States.
A national commission would assure the American people that Congress

takes sexual harassment seriously, beyond just the high-profile

workplace instances.
Most importantly, the commission would hear from a

cross section of workers--from office and factory workers to retail and

food service workers.
The commission could travel or invite witnesses

to the District of Columbia from throughout the country to recommend

changes in laws or regulations and best practices to prevent,

investigate, respond to and penalize sexual harassment in the private

and public sectors.
Our constituents expect Congress to take on the problem of sexual

harassment throughout our national economy.
A national commission could

help reach and reduce sexual harassment, a form of gender

discrimination, where the average American works.
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MORGAN LUTTRELL

Mr. LUTTRELL.
Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, May 22, 2024, I was unable to

vote on Roll Call No.
122.
Had I been present, I would have voted as

follows: YEA on Roll Call No.
122.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTOPHER KILLION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Sergent Christopher

Killion, resident of Dearborn in Michigan's 12th District Strong, for

his service in the United States Army.
This year, Sergeant Killion, a three-time Purple Heart recipient,

being honored by the City of Dearborn as a Grand Marshal in their

annual Memorial Day events.
Sergeant Chris Killion was born in Detroit

and raised in Dearborn Heights.
He joined the Army in 2001 and was

deployed to Iraq in 2003, where he was wounded multiple times.
Sergeant

Killion left the Army with the rank of E-5.
He currently lives in

Dearborn and is a member of several veteran organizations, including

the Military Order of the Purple Heart, the Dearborn Allied Veterans

Council, the Polish Legion of American Veterans, and Veterans of

Foreign Wars.
Please join me in recognizing Sergeant Christopher Killion, for his

outstanding service, and as Grand Marshal of the City of Dearborn's

ninety-eighth Memorial Day festivities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EDWARD GORCZYK

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize United States Navy

Seaman Edward Gorczyk for his service to our Nation, as he serves as

Grand Marshal of the City of Dearborn's ninety-eighth Memorial Day

festivities.
Mr. Gorczyk enlisted in the Navy in 1966.
While serving, his ship was

hit directly by rockets.
Drawing on resilience and teamwork, Gorczyk

and his crew were able to escape danger and reach safety.
For their

bravery and injuries sustained, Gorczyk and his fellow crew members

were awarded Purple Hearts.
In 1968, after an honorable discharge, Gorczyk left the Navy as a

seaman.