Will has been an integral

member of my team.
While serving in my personal office, Will's candor, hard work, and

humor have been tremendous assets to my office.
When first starting my

office, Will was essential in getting my mail program up and running,

working tirelessly to produce dozens of letters each week.
As a policy

staffer Will helped Wisconsin families and small businesses better

understand and navigate federal programs.
After serving as one of my lead staffers in my personal office, Will

then moved to the Committee on House Administration when I became

Chairman in January of 2022.
Will quickly became my Wisconsin advocate

with the Committee, always thinking of ways House Administration can

benefit the people of Wisconsin's First District.
Will also jumped

right in and helped lead the Committee's widely successful ``Running an

Effective Committee in the Majority Series'', ``Level Up: GOP Staff

Development Course'', and the ``Intern Lecture Series'', among many

others.
With Will as a part of my Member Services team, the Committee has

held briefings and education trainings for over 2,000 Members of

Congress and their staff.
This team has also successfully completed

over 600 Member-related requests.
Will also spearheaded the planting of

the Sugar Maple tree on the U.S. Capitol Grounds commemorating the

175th anniversary of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt in my mind that the great people of

Wisconsin are better off because of Will's service here in the U.S.

House of Representatives.
I'm so appreciative to have had him in my

personal and committee offices.
On behalf of my personal office and the

Committee on House Administration, we want to thank Will for his great

services and friendship.
We wish the very best of success to Will,

Steph, Jack, and Ada as they start a new chapter back home in

Wisconsin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THOMAS FINK

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jewish American

Heritage Month and to recognize an extraordinary individual from

Rochester, NY, who is making a profound impact on our Jewish community:

Thomas Fink.
Tom Fink is the embodiment of service in my hometown.
Tom is a past

president of Temple B'rith Kodesh and a former National Board Member of

the Union of Reform Jewish Congregations.
He has been active in

volunteer work and social activism for decades, particularly on the

issue of homelessness and affordable housing.
He has dedicated himself

time and time again to bettering our region, going above and beyond to

serve his neighbors in ways both big and small.
During Jewish American Heritage Month, it is my privilege to

recognize Thomas Fink for his selflessness, generosity, and dedication

to uplifting our Jewish community.
Rochester is a better and brighter

place because of his leadership.
His legacy will leave a lasting mark

on all those whose lives he has touched.