Meeting

global strategic imperatives requires requisite weapons

systems, naval, satellite, and air supremacy being tested

every day by those who would do us harm.
Liberty requires

accelerating our nation's quest for energy independence in

perpetuity.
Ladies and gentlemen, let us remember the words

of Franklin D Roosevelt, who spoke on February 12th, 1943.
``We have faith that future generations will know here, in

the middle of the twentieth century, there came a time when

men of good will found a way to unite, and produce, and fight

to destroy the forces of ignorance, and intolerance, and

slavery, and war.''
May God bless those we honor here and their families.
May

blessings flow to those serving in posts at home and

overseas.
May everyone gathered here today draw strength from

the words and works of the heroes and heroines of the

Greatest Generation.
And may God bless the United States of

America.
Thank you.
MASTER OF CEREMONIES

The Friends of the National World War II Memorial annually

presents the Brigadier General Charles E. McGee Unity Award

to individuals or groups that exemplify the spirit of unity

and shared values prevalent during World War II.
Named after

Brigadier General Charles Magee, an original Tuskegee Airman,

this award honors those who actively work for community

betterment and embody the moral integrity of General McGee

and the Greatest Generation.
We're proud to present the

fourth annual Brigadier General Charles E. McGee Unity Award

to Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur.
Representing Ohio's 9th

District since 1983, Congresswoman Kaptur has dedicated her

career to promoting unity and cooperation, focusing on

economic development, veterans affairs, and environmental

conservation.
In 1987, Congresswoman Kaptur recognized the need for a

national tribute to World War II veterans and introduced

legislation to create a Memorial.
Her persistent advocacy led

to the passage of the World War II Memorial Act in 1993.
Dedicated in 2004, the Memorial has since welcomed 100

million visitors.
Congresswoman Kaptur continues to teach the

lessons of the war, and promote values of unity, and

cooperation.
Her legislative and community efforts foster

bipartisan cooperation, emphasizing common ground and

governance.
Here to present Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur with

the Brigadier General Charles E. McGee Unity Award is Yvonne

McGee, daughter of the late General McGee.
YVONNE MCGEE

I just want to say it's an honor to be here to represent my

father, and he would be here to represent, as this award is

all the men and women of that generation.
He used to love to

talk with young people.
He always gave him his 4 P's, I think

you exemplify all of those, which is perceive, prepare,

perform, and persevere, which I know you had to do to get

this to happen.
So, it's our honor, and thank you to Holly

and everyone from the World War II Memorial.
Thank you.
MASTER OF CEREMONIES

Congratulations Congresswoman Kaptur.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CENTENNIAL OF THE U.S. BORDER PATROL

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, with the introduction of H.

Res.
1261, I join my colleagues on the House Committee on Homeland

Security in commemorating the 100th anniversary of the creation of the

United States Border Patrol.
It is important that we honor the service

and sacrifices of the men and women of the U.S. Border Patrol and their

families, past and present.
Since the U.S. Border Patrol's creation on May 28, 1924, Border

Patrol agents have shown commitment and dedication to safeguarding our

Nation by securing and protecting our borders.
The U.S. Border Patrol has seen its mission expand greatly since its

first stations opened in Detroit, Michigan, and El Paso, Texas, in

1924.
Congress expanded its duties to patrolling the seacoast in 1925.
U.S. Border Patrol's Air Operations officially commenced in 1941.
The tragic events of September 11, 2001, underscored the importance

of homeland security and led to significant enhancements in U.S. Border

Patrol operations.