Title: COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WORLD WAR II MEMORIAL ON THE NATIONAL MALL; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
92

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WORLD WAR II MEMORIAL ON THE

NATIONAL MALL

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following speech

I gave commemorating the 20th anniversary of The World War II Memorial

on the National Mall.
MASTER OF CEREMONIES

It is a great privilege to introduce our next speaker whose

persistence ensured this memorial took its place on the

National Mall 20 years ago.
Her commitment to this Memorial

and the Greatest Generation is unparalleled.
The longest

serving woman in Congressional history, Congresswoman Marcy

Kaptur.
In 2014, Ambassador Williams called Congresswoman

Kaptur, the mother of the World War II Memorial for her

critical role in moving legislation through Congress and her

devotion to World War II veterans.
Congresswoman Kaptur continues to support the Memorial,

recently leading efforts for the United States Mint's 2024

Greatest Generation Commemorative Coin program to help fund

Memorial's, maintenance and educational programs.
It is my

great honor to introduce the mother of the World War II

Memorial: Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur.
CONGRESSWOMAN MARCY KAPTUR

Good Morning.
As I was listening to the beautiful music, I

was reminded of one of my constituents whose name was John

Szymanski, used to look out over a crowd like this and say,

``You look just beautiful.''
And you do.
Dear Americans and guests, respectfully, on this Memorial

Day of 2024, we gather here in our nation's Capital at our

National World War II Memorial centered along America's Mall

of Democracy.
Today, 235 years after the founding of our

young Republic, we honor the memory of all Americans who are

war dead, including unknown soldiers who rendered their dear

lives in military service to Liberty.
Our Republic's sacred

historical journey of Liberty, Justice, and Equality for all

rests on their strong shoulders of over 1,100,000 of our

forebears in arms.
They were our loved ones, our

grandparents, our parents, our uncles, aunts, neighbors,

friends.
They lodged deeply in our minds and our hearts

forever.
Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Space Force, Marines, Guard and

Reserves, Coast Guard, Merchant Marines.
We must honor their

memory and meaning as we are today.
Thank you all for coming.
We recognize those who fought in the Revolutionary War, the

War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, the Civil War, the

Spanish-American War, World War I, World War II, the Korean

Conflict, the Vietnam War, the Persian Gulf War, the Iraq and

Afghanistan Wars, and here today, America remembers Pearl

Harbor, the May 8th Victory Europe, the September 2nd Victory

Pacific, Guadalcanal, Midway, Anzio, D-Day, Omaha Beach,

Saipan, Battle of the Bulge, and Iwo Jima, to name a few.
Today, America bows to these heroes and heroines.
They did

not seek a Memorial Day.
Originally known as Decoration Day,

following the Civil War.
It was widely observed starting on

May 30th, 1868.
In 1968, Memorial Day was authorized by

Congress to designate the last Monday in May as the day of

tribute and remembrance of those who died while serving in

our armed forces.
Today at this place, we recall a more recent chapter of

America's solemn history.
The World War II Memorial was built

to honor the human sacrifice that defines the 20th century's

profound achievement: the victory of Liberty over tyranny.
After Imperialist Japan bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th,

1941, the United States declared war on Japan and its allies,

Germany and Italy.
In the immortal words of the Great

American General, George Marshall, quote, ``Before the sun

sets, our flag will be recognized throughout the world as a

symbol of freedom and of overwhelming force.''
More than

400,000 service members died in service to Liberty halfway

around the world on three fronts, Europe, the Pacific, North

Africa.