They went on to build the institutions

for the architecture of a Free World.
In 1987, almost a half century after Allied victory in

World War II, it was a U.S. Army veteran who had served at

Saint Lo, France in Tank Command, who first approached his

Congresswoman.
His name was Roger Durbin of Berkey, Ohio,

located in Lucas County's 9th Congressional District, and

inquired of her in an open forum like this, why was there no

World War II in Washington, DC, to which he could bring his

grandchildren?
That question inspired our 17 year-long shared

quest to build this Memorial.
May I recognize one of Roger

Durbin's grandchildren joining us here today, Melissa Durbin

Tsuji and her husband, Dr. Jun Tsuji from Berkey, Ohio.
Thank

you for coming.
With 24 public hearings heard over 17 years, legislation to

build this Memorial was first introduced in the U.S. House in

1987 until the memorial was officially dedicated in 2004.
The

efforts span the terms of three Presidents and eight

Congresses.
As one sage name, Congressman Barney Frank of

Massachusetts quipped, ``it took longer to construct the

Memorial than to conduct the war.''
The extraordinary and generous effort to raise private

funds to help construct this memorial was led by Frederick W.

Smith, CEO of Federal Express.
We were all blessed by the

fervent support of then retired U.S. Senator and wounded

World War II hero, Senator Robert Dole.
He dedicated his last

years to greeting veterans here almost every day on site and

doing everything within his power to help the Memorial reach

its full potential.
It was heart rending to watch him greet

his comrades here.
One by one for many, and indeed for him,

it would be their last call.
Additionally, Senator John Glenn

of Ohio, Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina,

Congressman William Clay of Missouri, Congressman Sonny

Montgomery of Mississippi, Congressman Jack Davis of Illinois

were essential, and I extend my gratitude, and the gratitude

accomplish something great for America.
And let me shout out a huge thank you to Holly Rotondi, the

persevering Executive Director of the Friends of the National

World War II Memorial.
Where is Holly?
There she is.
Yay

Holly!
Your entire Friends Board, led by Jane Droppa, worked

tirelessly to support this Memorial and to advance its

historical interpretation, and it has touched the hearts and

lives of tens of millions of our fellow citizens.
You have

spread the wings of Liberty for countless people to witness,

and your unique, and ever-growing educational program is

bringing more interpretation, and historical remembrance to

our nation, and world, including the lesson of patriotic

self-giving that encapsulates the World War II Generation.
While our efforts when our efforts began, we could not have

imagined the citizen driven initiative that has selflessly

helped over 200,000 veterans visit this Memorial, the Honor

Flight Program.
Honor Flight was co-founded by Ohioan Earl

Morse, a physician assistant and retired Air Force Captain,

and Jeff Miller, a small business owner and son of a World

War II veteran.
Morse worked in a Department of Veterans

Affairs clinic in Springfield, Ohio, and there he saw many

patients who were World War II veterans.
After the National

World War II Memorial in Washington was completed in 2004, he

asked many of his veteran patients if they were going to see

it and most said, oh yes.
Morse said, ``I would see my World

War II veterans, maybe three, six months later, and I'd ask

them if they'd gone to see it.
300 of them I'd seen, and not

a one had come to see the Memorial.
Reality set in.