That architecture is being tested this

very day.
The World War II generation triumphed over adversity.
It

vanquished the hateful cruelty exacted by the Axes of Nazi,

Imperialists, and ultimately hateful cruelty in 1989 and

1991, with Soviet dictators who savagely had killed and

starved millions upon millions upon millions more innocent

human beings than ever before on Earth.
This coming June 6th, our nation will commemorate the 80th

anniversary of the D-Day landing of 1944, the turning point

in World War II.
History notes, it was the largest military

and naval operation ever conducted by any armed force in the

history of the world.
400,000 US combat troops were led by

brilliant US Army General Omar Bradley.
US troops and 2,000

paratroopers joined with Britain, and Canadian allies in a

total force numbering 1,200,000, in Operation Overlord, in a

surprise attack that that enormous force traversed the

English Channel beginning on D-Day on June 6th, 1944.
Their

mission was to defeat the deadly forces of Nazi tyranny that

had invaded France and other European nations that adjoined.
What transpired was the most harrowing, costliest battle in

world history.
Enemy planes bombed our valiant seaborne

troops as Nazi platoons hidden in bunker nests arrayed across

the high bluffs above the French coast, shot down as Allied

troops in column after column after column scaled up the

treacherous cliffs.
The English Channel turned red with the

precious blood of our fallen.
Our own Uncle, Stanley Rogowski, from Toledo, Ohio, was one

of them.
Forced to crawl over layers of corpses of his dead

comrades as he and his army engineer buddies hauled heavy

steel track up the embankment under heavy fire.
Their valor

allowed tons and tons of equipment to be hauled on that

track.
Tanks and ammunition.
And ultimately the Allies kept

persevering forward.
Over the next two months would come the

terrible battle of Saint Lo.
There, America's soldiers under

command of Army General George Patton would break the back of

Nazi invaders as fierce fighting in the treacherous

French hedgerows resulted in terrible losses.
The Allies,

U.S., British, and Canadian would slowly gain ground month

after agonizing month of fighting.
They continued to aim

at the heart of the strategic edge of Nazi resistance in

Germany itself.
Still fighting a year later, on March 7th, 1945, it would

be an exceptional soldier from Holland, Ohio, Sergeant

Alexander Drabik, who would lead the consequential spearhead

charge for American forces with the 27th Armed Infantry

Brigade of the 9th Armored Division.
Under intense enemy

fire, they dashed eastward across the Ludendorff Bridge over

the Rhine River near Remagen and toward the heart of Nazi

Germany.
Polish conscripts had cut the fuses that the Nazis

had planted to blow up the bridge.
It was the last bridge

that the Nazis had not blown up to prevent Allies from

crossing into the heart of German territory.
Sergeant

Drabik's bravery allowed troops to cross over within an hour.
The first Allied Brigade across the Rhine River, led by

Sergeant Drabik under the command of General John Leonard,

also of Toledo, Ohio, would go on to be awarded the

Distinguished Service Cross for his extraordinary heroism,

and that moment has been deemed the turning point for World

War II on the continent of Europe.
They not only won the war but having faced the abyss of

human annihilation.
They went on to build the institutions

for the architecture of a Free World.
In 1987, almost a half century after Allied victory in

World War II, it was a U.S. Army veteran who had served at

Saint Lo, France in Tank Command, who first approached his

Congresswoman.
His name was Roger Durbin of Berkey, Ohio,

located in Lucas County's 9th Congressional District, and

inquired of her in an open forum like this, why was there no

World War II in Washington, DC, to which he could bring his

grandchildren?