Her extraordinary legacy has uplifted the

lives of everyone who calls Rochester home and will continue to inspire

us all for decades to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOY GETNICK

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jewish American

Heritage Month and to recognize an exemplary individual from Rochester,

NY, who is making a profound impact on our Jewish community: Joy

Getnick.
Joy Getnick serves as the Executive Director of the University of

Rochester Hillel.
She has quietly but powerfully done vital work over

these last several months guiding our young students, particularly with

the rise of antisemitism on campus and throughout society.
She is an

educator and leader not just on campus, but across all of Rochester.
Joy is also the founding director of Camp Seneca Lake in Israel, a

summer Israel program for teens.
Her commitment to uplifting and

mentoring students is helping to shape the next generation of leaders,

and her legacy will live on through each of the lives she has touched.
Jewish American History Month is the perfect opportunity to recognize

and honor our local Jewish neighbors who are working diligently to make

our community a better place.
I can think of no better example than Joy

Getnick, and I commend her for her many accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAY AS ALS AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, today I stand before you to recognize May

2024 as National Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Awareness Month.
We honor individuals who have been affected by ALS and pledge

unwavering support to patients and their families.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), known by many as Lou Gehrig's

disease, is a progressive fatal neurodegenerative disease in which the

nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord stop working and die.
Over

time, a person's mind loses connection with the muscles, slowly taking

away the ability to walk, talk, eat, and eventually breathe.
After

symptoms develop, most patients only live for another 2-5 years, and

despite its destructive nature, currently no one knows what causes most

cases of ALS and there are no cures.
Today, an estimated 31,000 people

in the United States are living with ALS.
In order to combat this devastating illness, we must increase

education and support research.
ALS Awareness Month deepens the

public's awareness of people with ALS' dire circumstances, and

acknowledges the terrible impact this disease has, not only on the

person, but on his or her family and the community.
It further

recognizes the research being done to eradicate this disease and is why

I sign an annual appropriations letter each year requesting increased

funding for ALS research.
Our commitment to accelerating the pace of

discovery must remain unwavering, fueled by the hope that one day, ALS

will be a livable disease for everyone, everywhere, until we can cure

it.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

celebrating the month of May to advocate for patients fighting ALS and

for the tireless work of the families, caretakers, and researchers

supporting those affected by this relentless disease.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF WILL NEITZEL

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Will Neitzel,

a member of my staff for the last five and a half years.
Will joined my

team as I opened a new office and started my first term, serving

Wisconsin's First Congressional District.
Will has been an integral

member of my team.
While serving in my personal office, Will's candor, hard work, and

humor have been tremendous assets to my office.
When first starting my

office, Will was essential in getting my mail program up and running,

working tirelessly to produce dozens of letters each week.