Morse said, ``I would see my World

War II veterans, maybe three, six months later, and I'd ask

them if they'd gone to see it.
300 of them I'd seen, and not

a one had come to see the Memorial.
Reality set in.
They were

never going ``So, Mr. Morse then offered to personally fly

the first two veterans to Washington to see the Memorial,

after seeing them break down and cry upon visiting, he

pitched his idea to a club of 300 private pilots at a local

Air Force base, proposing that the pilots would pay for the

flights for the veterans to Washington and personally escort

them around the city.
11 volunteered, and history was made as

that network was formed.
Fast forward 20 years, I'm proud to say that the Honor

Flight program is a resounding success.
It is now allowed

veterans of any war to witness at no cost the national

memorials marking their historic deeds.
And I recently

welcomed back an Honor Flight from our region of the Midwest,

led by a 102-year-old wheelchair bound World War II veteran

nurse named Gerri DeMeo.
I was overjoyed to hear her response

as they took her wheelchair off the plane and moved her into

the room and the crowds were cheering and I had the

opportunity to ask her, ``Gerri, what did you think of the

Memorial?''
``Absolutely beautiful Beautiful.''
And she just

beamed.
She just beamed.
Most recently it has been the highest honor and privilege

to introduce and gain passage of our new bipartisan

legislation, H.R. 1057, the National World War II Memorial

Commemorative Coin Act.
This legislation has authorized the minting of three new

coins at the U.S. Treasury in commemoration of today, the

20th Anniversary of the National World War II Memorial here

in Washington.
These coins will serve as an important token

of the spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the brave

Americans who fought for the triumph of Liberty.
The three distinct coins are now on sale through the U.S.

Mint for the duration of this year.
The net proceeds

generated from the sale of these coins will ensure the

Memorial is properly maintained for years to come.
My hope is

that improvements will include expanded educational and

historical materials in collaboration with the American

battle monuments Commission and the World War II Veterans

History Project at the Library of Congress many years ago,

championed by Congressman Ron Kind of Wisconsin, now retired.
Additionally, with the advance of the Internet, I'm

challenging each of you to share the information about the

coins and think about friends you know, let them know the

coins are on sale.
With what we have now, with new social

media apps, teaching opportunities, and commemorative

programing for the millions of people who visit each year and

others throughout our country who cannot come can really be

advanced through the new electronic capabilities and embrace

people across the country.
Let me just say, while the Greatest Generation saved the

world from Nazi and Imperial domination and achieved the

collapse of Soviet tyranny, beginning with Poland in 1989,

and then all of Central Europe in 1991,

specters of the 20th century remain.
Historian and author of

Bloodlands Timothy Snyder urges us, ``It is now up to us to

preserve everything that the Greatest Generation fought and

died for.''
In my own judgment, eternal vigilance demands attention to

strengthen our NATO alliance and allowing Ukraine to accede

to the constellation of free nations of Europe.
Meeting

global strategic imperatives requires requisite weapons

systems, naval, satellite, and air supremacy being tested

every day by those who would do us harm.
Liberty requires

accelerating our nation's quest for energy independence in

perpetuity.
Ladies and gentlemen, let us remember the words

of Franklin D Roosevelt, who spoke on February 12th, 1943.