After Imperialist Japan bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th,

1941, the United States declared war on Japan and its allies,

Germany and Italy.
In the immortal words of the Great

American General, George Marshall, quote, ``Before the sun

sets, our flag will be recognized throughout the world as a

symbol of freedom and of overwhelming force.''
More than

400,000 service members died in service to Liberty halfway

around the world on three fronts, Europe, the Pacific, North

Africa.
And over the past two decades, more than 80 million

visitors have traveled to pay homage at this Memorial to

them.
The visitors make the journey to honor the

extraordinary valor and historic achievements by our

forebears who bequeath Liberty to us.
This gathering place is designed as a vista for reflection,

between the Washington Monument to the East that honors our

nation's founding and General George Washington, our nation's

first President.
To our west rests the Lincoln Memorial and

whose spectacular plaza honors President Abraham Lincoln.
During the 19th Century, his heroic life-giving leadership

preserved the American Union, following our nation's bitter

civil war, upwards of 700,000 soldiers and civilians died,

along with unknown numbers of civilians on our own territory.
The United States of America was victorious, but the price

paid in battle of brother against brother, state against

state made the Civil War the costliest war in lives lost of

any of America's wars.
America will not go back.
The sacrificial patriots honored here are the awful price

of taming the 20th century's vicious beasts of human

annihilation.
President Eisenhower described the fighting as

``savagery'' Our valorous heroes who survived the wars

against Nazism in Europe and North Africa, the Holocaust, and

Imperialism in the Pacific, then returned home.
Recently, as

I witnessed the address of Japan's Prime Minister Fumio

Kishida, before the assembled Congress of the United States

this year, my memory recalled the 79 years of history

extraordinary that made that moment and what had been

required.
America had built and rebuilt a war-torn world, and

though it was not until President Truman integrated the US

military post-World War in 1948 that America proclaimed, as

did Lincoln, that Liberty has no color.
History records how

African American foot soldiers and Tuskegee airmen fought

hand in hand with enlistees not of color, but veterans all

returned home, built their families, and communities.
They

intentionally created global institutions to promote dialogue

and understanding, as well as to defend our Free World.
They

did not assume these tasks willingly, but of necessity.
They

did not shirk

their responsibility to the future.
They aspired to a higher

purpose to tame the demons of war.
The World War II Memorial is not named for a person, but

for the 20th century's Greatest Generation.
Here at this

Memorial, 4,006 gold stars on the Wall of Heroes represent

those 400,600 fallen Americans who offered their precious

lives to Liberty.
Learning from the grit of World War II,

America's team who built this memorial never gave up.
Former

Chairman, as has been mentioned of the Battle Monuments

Commission, Ambassador Haydn Williams never gave up.
He would

write of these patriots, and I quote, ``If their silent stare

could speak, Archibald MacLeish would have them say, `we

leave you our deaths, give them meaning' '' Those that

survived did just that.
They forged new alliances like NATO to defend our Free

World.
And they shaped a world in which the United States

entered its longest period in history of relative peace

between great powers.
That architecture is being tested this

very day.
The World War II generation triumphed over adversity.
It

vanquished the hateful cruelty exacted by the Axes of Nazi,

Imperialists, and ultimately hateful cruelty in 1989 and

1991, with Soviet dictators who savagely had killed and

starved millions upon millions upon millions more innocent

human beings than ever before on Earth.