Congress expanded its duties to patrolling the seacoast in 1925.
U.S. Border Patrol's Air Operations officially commenced in 1941.
The tragic events of September 11, 2001, underscored the importance

of homeland security and led to significant enhancements in U.S. Border

Patrol operations.
With each new mission set, the men and women of the U.S. Border

Patrol have consistently risen to the challenge.
As we mark the

agency's centennial, we particularly remember the 156 Border Patrol

agents who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty.
The United States Border Patrol has overcome significant challenges

while protecting Americans and our national security.
I take this

opportunity to thank the nearly 20,000 agents currently protecting the

6,000 miles of international land borders and 2,000 miles of coastal

waters.
I also celebrate the agents who came before them and the

families who endure great sacrifices and provide unwavering support to

those who serve in the United States Border Patrol.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LEON'S TRIATHLON

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere admiration that I take

this time to recognize one of Northwest Indiana's finest organizations,

Leon's Heroes, as it will once again host the annual Leon's Triathlon,

widely known as ``America's Race.''
This outstanding display of

patriotism and athleticism honors our veterans and active service

members, with a special focus on those who have sustained injuries

during their time in service.
This year's event will be held at Wolf

Lake in Hammond, Indiana, and will include static displays,

festivities, and opening ceremonies leading up to the start of the race

on Sunday, June 2, 2024.
Founded in 1983 by Leon Wolek, an avid triathlete and native of

Hobart, Indiana, Leon's Triathlon has drawn participants from across

the country and has been a source of immense pride for the Northwest

Indiana community.
Having grown up admiring his father who served in

the military, and spending time with and listening to the stories of

other veterans at American Legion Post 454 in New Chicago, Indiana,

Leon was compelled to ensure that the many brave individuals who have

defended our nation throughout its history received the recognition

they deserve.
With this idea in mind, Leon's Triathlon emerged.
Originally, the race took place in Leon's hometown of Hobart at the

Izaak Walton League before its popularity and corresponding growth

required its relocation.
The city of Hammond, Indiana, was inspired by

the organization's unwavering commitment to those who serve and have

served our country and proudly welcomed the special event to the city.
Fittingly, a portion of the race now runs along the Gold Star Memorial

Highway, a designation which Leon's Heroes was instrumental in

securing, and is dedicated to Indiana families who have lost loved ones

in service.
Leon's Triathlon has seen immense growth in participation

since its inception, and many of the participants are veterans and

active military members.
As participation has grown so too has the

number of events, which now includes additional events throughout the

year.
Since 2021, Leon's Heroes has also hosted an annual obstacle

course event which takes place every September at Indiana Dunes

National Park.
This event recalls the attacks of September 11, 2001,

while honoring our veterans and the many first responders who came to

aid our fellow citizens on that tragic day.
Mr. Speaker, throughout its history, Leon's Heroes has remained

steadfast in its commitment to honoring the legacy of our military

members, past and present.
I ask you and my other distinguished

colleagues to join me in commending the organization for its

outstanding dedication to the community, to our veterans, to our active

service members, and to our first responders.
Leon Wolek and the many

devoted volunteers involved with this extraordinary organization are

truly worthy of our highest praise.