Drawing on resilience and teamwork, Gorczyk

and his crew were able to escape danger and reach safety.
For their

bravery and injuries sustained, Gorczyk and his fellow crew members

were awarded Purple Hearts.
In 1968, after an honorable discharge, Gorczyk left the Navy as a

seaman.
He returned home to Michigan to study photography at Macomb

County Community College after his service.
He remains an active member

of the Vietnam Veterans of America--James Huard Chapter 267 and The

American Legion Post 364.
Please join me in recognizing Seaman Edward Gorczyk, for his

commendable service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GEORGE CASSAR

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Marine Corps Lance

Corporal George Cassar, Purple Heart recipient, for his service to our

Nation, as he serves as Grand Marshall of the City of Dearborn's

ninety-eighth Memorial Day festivities.
Lance Corporal Cassar joined the Marine Corps in October 1966 and

served until 1969.
During his service, Cassar displayed remarkable

bravery and perseverance, earning two Purple Hearts.
The first was

awarded after his tank was hit by a rocket, and the second was given

when he was wounded by shrapnel.
Since his retirement from military

service, Lance Corporal Cassar continues to serve his community,

coaching basketball for an impressive forty-seven years.
Please join me in recognizing Lance Corporal George Cassar for his

service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HOWARD KONAR

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jewish American

Heritage Month and to recognize an extraordinary individual from

Rochester, NY, whose accomplishments and contributions have left a

lasting impact on our region: Howard Konar.
Howard Konar has a longstanding history of leadership in Rochester

and has done extensive philanthropic work locally and across the

country.
He serves as a trustee for the William & Sheila Konar

Foundation supporting Jewish life and culture and as a member of the

Board of Governors for the Jewish Federation of Greater Rochester.
In

2008, then-President George W. Bush named Howard to the council of the

United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington.
His positive

influence can be felt across every facet of our Jewish community.
During Jewish American Heritage Month, it is my privilege to

recognize Howard Konar.
He has dedicated himself to honoring the

history of the Jewish people and has worked tirelessly to strengthen

the future of our local Jewish neighbors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ISOBEL GOLDMAN

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jewish American

Heritage Month and to recognize an outstanding individual from

Rochester, NY, whose contributions have made a lasting impact on our

local Jewish community: Isobel Goldman

Isobel Goldman served for 18 years as Director of Community Relations

at the Jewish Federation.
In that capacity, she created and directed

the Rochester Jewish Coalition for Literacy, which started with six

volunteers and under her leadership, grew to over 200 people who went

once a week to Rochester City Schools to assist with students in K-6

with literacy skills.
She also served as the Director of Grants at the

Max and Marian Farash Charitable Foundation where she started the First

in Family College Tuition-free program, led Jewish Education

programming, and started an initiative to help fund scholarships for

teens hoping to travel to Israel.
She has truly embodied the spirit of

service to others.
This Jewish American Heritage Month, it is my honor and privilege to

recognize Isobel Goldman.
Her extraordinary legacy has uplifted the

lives of everyone who calls Rochester home and will continue to inspire

us all for decades to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOY GETNICK

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.