Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, I was grateful to participate in CODEL McCaul for the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge.
A highlight of the ceremonies at the Bastogne War Museum in Belgium was a speech by Chairman Michael McCaul of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, on December 13, 2024.
As Chairman McCaul completes his impressive service as Committee Chairman, his sincere presentation will always be historically appreciated.
Thank you.
It's truly an honor to be here today, but also to be the presence of our veterans of Battle the Bulge.
You're truly heroes, and I thank you for being here today.
Today we gather to honor and remember the valor and sacrifice of the men who fought the bitter cold of December 1944 and changed the course of history, the freedoms that we enjoy today were born out of this bloody battle, which Winston Churchill described as undoubtedly the greatest American battle of the war 80 years ago in the Ardennes Forest of Belgium, Luxembourg, and Germany.
The Battle of the Bulge began a desperate and brutal offensive by Nazi forces that tested the resolve of the Allied troops, while the U.S. and allied forces faced tremendous challenges against a wellequipped and well-trained enemy.
The American troops did what they do best.
They stood up to the challenge and held the line.
This was also my father's war.
I cannot stand here today without thinking about him.
James McCaul, the veteran of the European theater.
He served as a bombardier on a B 17, known as a Flying Fortresses, participating in 32 bombing missions on enemy targets, including this one right here today, he was part of the largest bombing mission in U.S. history, in support of the D Day invasion in Normandy, as well as the skies above us during the Battle of the Bulge.
He was and is always my hero, as are you, and so too are all those who bravely liberated a continent and defeated evil their commitment to victory at all cost, exemplified the grit and defiance of the American spirit.
It was here in the frozen forest that the world witnesses strength and unity and resolve soldiers like the men of the 101st Airborne who held the line in Bastogne, despite being surrounded and outnumbered, they refused to surrender.
They understood the stakes that were happening right here, aside from the death and carnage from the battle, American troops faced one of the coldest winters in recorded history, with record breaking temperatures sinking as low as negative 18 degrees Fahrenheit, trench foot, frostbite, arctic conditions were just as deadly as Hitler's army.
Supply lines were stretched thin.
Troops were exhausted from constant combat as they advanced across Europe, closing in on Berlin, the battle spanned six weeks and had staggering costs, 80,000 casualties, nearly 20,000 killed Americans and 20,000 taken prisoner, and the SS did not abide by the Geneva Convention, all told; half a million Americans, along with over half a million Allied troops, fought in this battle.
It was the bloodiest battle for U.S. forces during the entirety of World War Two.
The Allied Victory here broke the back of the Nazi war machine and paved the way for liberation.
The memory of this battle should reinforce the moral clarity to defend freedom at all costs.
My father's generation, your generation, fought to eradicate evil, and we must never forget their sacrifices and continue the legacy of freedom that they handed down to us, to my children and to our grandchildren.
As a Texan, I'm also proud that many heroes of this battle went to Texas A&M University, which I represent, including then Colonel James Earl Rudder.
He was a distinguished Texas A&M alumnus who was a commanding officer amazing soldiers who landed at