I'm a little short, Ladies and gentlemen, Your Majesties, distinguished guests, and especially fellow veterans.
80 years ago, we stood in these frozen forests young men facing an unrelenting enemy and the harshest of winters, it actually get down to below zero at times.
The Battle of the Bulge was not just a test of strategy, but of spirit, determination and sacrifice.
I remember the bitter cold, the weight of my machine gun and the faces of my brothers in arms, ordinary men who displayed extraordinary courage.
Together, we fought for freedom, step by painful step through snow and enemy fire.
Some of these faces I still can see frozen in time, they were sons, fathers, friends, who gave everything so that others might live.
The Ardennes offensive was a turning point, not just in the time of war, but in our lives.
It taught us the value of resilience, unity, sacrifice.
Today, we honor those who did not return, whose lives ended here, ensuring that turns that tyranny would not prevail.
To my fellow veterans, thank you for your service, to the families of the fallen, their sacrifices not forgotten, and to those who come after us, may you always remember that the freedoms we cherish came at a terrible cost.
Let us remember of this Battle inspired us to work for a world where such sacrifices are no longer needed.
I'm a small man, but I was a tiger back then, that I had a strong faith in God and in my Catholic faith certainly helped, although much of what we did was completely alien to those teachings, the killing was the worst.
Almost every day, one or more of us would be killed or wounded, and every day, we would kill German soldiers.
After a while, we came almost numb to such a thing.
Purple Hearts were earned by the thousands.
The bleeding wounds of 69,000 young Americans stained the snow and left that Red Badge of Courage on that blood-soaked field of battle.
The American army had 90,000 casualties, about 19,000 of that were killed in action, 20,000 taken prisoners and about 50,000 wounded.
My company was badly decimated, down to about 50 men left from 200.
My machine gun section of 12 men had five killed and three badly wounded.
They were my friends.
This country was truly blessed.
The Ardennes Woods are silent now.
The battle smoke has fled.
80 years have passed.
Now only memories and the dead.
Thank you.
May God bless you.
Thank you.