Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, friends and family, the brave men and women who fought here 80 years ago, and most importantly, our veterans.
It is my honor and my privilege to be with you here today.
It's 05:30.
It's the 16th of December 1944, the ground in the air around the men and women of the 12th US Army Group begins to shake.
The air begins to burn.
It is the start of a 90-minute barrage by 1,600 artillery pieces.
It's the start of the last offensive the Germans would launch in the Second World War.
Their objective of this fight was to shatter the front lines to separate forces.
It was to reach the vital port of Antwerp and ultimately to break the alliance that had landed here in June.
To this end, the Nazis had assembled three veteran armies.
They were led by their most proven and battlehardened commanders.
They were offered the newest equipment available and the most technologically advanced capabilities the Nazis had.
They were fighting their proven play.
It had taken them across what Europe lightning fast in 1940 and standing in their way.
Standing in their way were American divisions that were actually brand new to the front or had been pulled out of the brutal fighting in the herd and forest.
Each of those divisions covered an area that was over twice the size we expected a division to be able to defend.
The numbers were simply in the Nazis favor.
Any war game done then, any war game done today, would have told you that they had all the advantages.
But what we must remember here today, what this battle should always remind us of, what my 27 years in uniform has taught me is that machines and tools of war increase the brutality and the lethality of war, but that training matters, Experience matters, heart and esprit de corps are essential, and they will upend the results of any war game ever done.
The Battle of the Bulge had begun.
The Nazi army slammed into US lines, and while our men fought hard under overwhelming force, those lines began to break.
Regiments were separated, regiments were surrounded, and the allies were in trouble.
At Eisenhower's headquarters, they quickly realized what was happening and the gravity of the consequences of this attack.
First, they called for the 18th Airborne Corps.
It was down in bases in France after being pulled off of a bitter fight in the Netherlands during Operation Market Garden, the 82nd 101st Airborne were rushed north.
The 82nd would make its way north of here to a portion first SS Panzer Corps.
This was not our fight alone.
Field monitor, Montgomery's, 21st Army Group was rushed from the north, and Patton's Third Army would make a heroic and simply amazing 48 hour drive to turn itself and move towards Bastogne and the Battle of the Bulge, our alliance was focused and it was moving towards the fight.
But ladies and gentlemen, this is a human endeavor.
It's the story of humans that made the difference here 80 years ago in the North.
The furthest the Nazis would get was within five commit five kilometers of the Meuse river.
You see there.
They encountered the Third Royal Tank Regiment of 30th British Corps, and they encountered Sergeant Frederick Prover operating a lone Firefly Sherman tank.
He engaged the lead elements, destroying a mark four, a half track and a German fuel truck.
His actions would allow the allies in the north three group and counterattack the next day, ceasing the Movement West Patton's Army advanced to Bastogne in it private.
James Hendricks, only 17 years old at the time of the fourth Armored Division came under attack from two Nazi 88 he got out of his vehicle, and he rushed shows with his rifle, forcing both of the crews of those guns to surrender.
In the meantime, two of his fellow soldiers were wounded.
He fought off those attackers, and he recovered those two wounded men.
The column began to move again, and a fuel truck exploded after being hit.
He rushed forward and pulled the driver to safety and put out the flames on that driver for his actions that day, Private Hendrix would earn the Medal of Honor.
Sergeant Lester Courts, Private Ralph Ellis and Sergeant George Carroll were all separated from their units during the fight.
They would survive the battle of the bulge.
They survived because the heroic actions of French, Belgian, and Luxembourg citizens who came to the raid, Marician and Elise Goble, Louis Stein, Martz and 
Mr. and 
Mrs. Jean, Pereira, and Baltashier.
They hid, they cared for, and eventually returned these soldiers to friendly lines, all at great personal risk.
This fight was about people.
It is people that make up our alliances.
It is the soldiers and the citizens that we came here to liberate, that all came together in the cause of freedom.
But today, ladies and gentlemen, we stand in Bastogne, the landing ground of the troopers of the 100 and first airborne.
They were offered the simplest instructions for their mission, hold the vital crossroads and don't let that stone be taken.
They arrived here not by not by parachute, as they'd arrived at every battle before Europe.
But they arrived here by truck.
But they arrived with the same determination that they had been at Normandy, the same fighting spirit that had carried them into the Netherlands in the face of overwhelming German forces, they accomplished their mission.
The siege of Bastogne pitted these high these lightly armed paratroopers against the armored might of the 47th Panzer Corps.
But