Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Bradford Fitch for his 17 years of service to the Congressional Management Foundation (CMF).
As most of my colleagues are well aware, CMF has played a vital role over the last five decades in supporting Congressional offices' continuous efforts to improve their staff management skills and function as high-performing teams.
Through individual and group training, informative publications and events that highlight best practices in management and constituent service, CMF has been instrumental in helping Members and staff fulfill their responsibilities to their country, state and district.
Brad first joined CMF in 2001 as Deputy Director and returned to lead the organization as CEO in 2010.
Prior to joining CMF, Brad spent the early years of his notable career as a congressional aide, journalist, consultant, college instructor, internet entrepreneur, and writer.
Brad has served Congress in a variety of roles throughout his professional life and is well-known and regarded in Washington.
Those who know Brad won't be surprised to learn he began his career out of school as a radio and television reporter.
His compelling speech and engaging personality have been cornerstones to his success.
In 1988, when Brad began on Capitol Hill, he worked for four members of Congress in a variety of positions, including press secretary, campaign manager, legislative director and chief of staff.
It was during this period that it became clear that Brad was a passionate advocate for the institution of Congress as well as the members and their dedicated staff.
This year is the 40th Anniversary of CMF's consequential book-- Setting Course: A Congressional Management Guide.
This book has been extremely influential in how Congressional offices are run today and we applaud Brad's significant role in its many updates and biennial distribution for over half of its existence.
In 2002, during a period of rapid--but uneven--shift of Congressional office communication to the internet, Brad initiated the Gold Mouse Awards to recognize the best congressional websites and share their best practices for communicating with, and providing services