His first stop was an eight-year stretch serving in Governor Tom Kean's Constituent Service Office and the New Jersey Division of Motor Vehicles.
Thereafter, for many years, Scott served as the Executive Director of the Ocean County Republican Organization and ultimately, he became the Deputy County Clerk, of Ocean County in January 2004.
As Deputy Clerk, Scott proved his muscle and helped build a program based on a deep understanding of New Jersey election law and its equitable, just application.
As such, the people of Ocean County recognized his talents and resoundingly elected him to serve as County Clerk in 2010.
Since 2010, Scott was elected by wide margins three consecutive times--a public affirmation and reward for his steady and exemplary service as a State Constitutional Officer.
When he took the helm as County Clerk, the office had a reputation as a well-run organization, but Scott still worked to find new ways to expand its reach and make it even better.
Under his watch, the office processed millions of vote-by-mail applications and ballots and millions more sample ballots.
Scott also directed the processing of countless trade names, passports, notary public oaths and veterans' cards.
During his tenure, Scott successfully launched the Property Alert Service to empower the public to monitor any changes made to their property records.
He modernized election software to enable the public to monitor election results in real time on the Clerk's website, and he upgraded the electronic e-records system to attain paperless recording of over 70 percent of all mortgages and land deeds and other documents.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Scott met and stayed ahead of the extreme challenges facing county clerks across the state--and he helped lead the way.
When voters in 2020 were required under state law to use only vote-by-mail ballots, for the first time ever, he met the task, secured the trust of the voters and achieved a successful election process.
A longtime resident of the Borough of Barnegat Light on Long Beach Island, Ocean County, New Jersey, Scott is moving on to the next chapter of his life.
He will be greatly missed by me and thousands of my fellow Ocean County residents, who have taken great confidence and comfort in knowing Scott Colabella was at the helm, securing free and fair elections in Ocean County.
We thank Scott for his unparallelled public service.
May God bless my friend, and bring him added success and great luck in the years ahead.