Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, inspiring remarks were presented by Major General Peter Andrysiak EUCOM Chief of Staff on December 14, 2024, for the Commemoration of the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge at Luxembourg American Cemetery.
Americans are grateful for the proven competence of the American military.
Good morning, Grand Duke Henri, Grand Duchess, King Philippe, Queen Mathilde, Prime Minister Frieden, Speaker Claude Wiseler, President Roberta Metsola of the European Parliament, Prime Minister Alexander de Croo, Ambassador Nelson, Secretary Djou, honorable Members of Congress, Ambassador Thomas Barrett, Commissioner Matthew Jones, distinguished guests, allies and partners, and most importantly, to our honored veterans that are with us here today, welcome today this sacred place we gather to honor the legacy of those who fought in the Battle of the Bulge.
And it's a privilege to stand here among you in this solemn 80th anniversary, a moment to reflect on the courage and sacrifice that secured freedom that we cherish today.
80 years ago, in the depths of the Ardennes winter on the ground that we stand on, bore witness to extraordinary courage and unimaginable sacrifice.
Young soldiers faced not only a relentless enemy fire, but also the freezing temperatures and the snow-covered terrain against the possible odds, they stood firm, not just for their own countries, but for the liberty of millions.
Their fight was for something greater, a vision of a Free Europe and a better future.
And so today was we commemorate their bravery, we reaffirm our gratitude for their sacrifice and the unity that made victory possible.
For me, this commemoration is profoundly personal.
My parents, like many millions in Europe, endured unimaginable horrors of World War Two.
My father, orphaned by the Nazi tyranny when his mother was put in prison, was liberated by the Allied Forces who fought here in the Ardennes.
His father, a man I never knew, perished in a concentration camp.
My mother and her family were forced out of the Sudetenland and into forced labor camps and eventually granted refugee status in Germany.
But the journey was a grueling one, and her father never survived it.
Another man that I never had the opportunity to know.
So these tragedies, like so many others, were the reality of life under the oppression during the war, yet their liberation and the liberation of millions came at the hands gave my parents and countless others a second chance.
They made it possible for me to be standing here in front of you today.
Millions endured similar struggles, and millions owned their liberation to the soldiers who fought here.
Their courage changed the course of history, not just for families like mine, but for entire nations.
The Battle of the Bulge tested allied resolved under extreme conditions, and in December of 1944 the German Army launched a massive surprise offensive through the Ardennes, creating the infamous Bulge at Bastogne, where Brigadier General Anthony McAuliffe in the 101st Division held the line against overwhelming odds, encircled and under siege.
McAuliffe and his men faced relentless attacks under freezing conditions, and when the Germans demanded surrender, everybody knows the story that McAuliffe his famous statement ``Nuts!''
the Defiance became a rallying cry for the beleaguered defenders and a symbol of American and Allied determination and victory at Bastogne was marked by a turning point in the battle.
It was the end of any German offensive, but it came at a high cost.
Over 75,000 were killed, wounded or captured, but their sacrifice endured that the march toward liberation would continue.
The people of Luxembourg endured the occupation, suffering and loss during the war, yet they also witnessed liberation brought by Allied forces who risked and gave their lives in these very fields.
Luxembourg has shown remarkable dedication to honoring those who fell here and through the care of this Cemetery and others like it, you remind us of the enduring bond forged between the nations in the crucible of war.
And your commitment endures with your with you being your presence here, as these sacrifices are never forgotten.
I've had the good opportunity and good fortune to be at a number of the American Battle Monuments, cemeteries, and I'm always in awe of their splendor?
They're pristine.
They're powerful, you know.
And as we stand here, as you look behind me, 5,076 headstones, both Latin Crosses and Stars of David, were reminded of the extraordinary courage and the sacrifice of those who rest here, farmers, factory workers, teachers, students, fathers, brothers, sons and sisters and daughters, and they came from all walks of life, all races, and united for a common cause, the defense of freedom.
Each marker is perfectly aligned and oriented westward toward home, a poignant remember of the enduring connection that these heroes shared with the nation that they fought to protect, even in eternal rest, they faced the families who awaited their return but never got to see them again.
The Wall of the Missing on both sides of the tent consists of two walls inscribed with the names of 371 service members whose remains were never recovered.
And these walls standing in solemn symmetry symbolize the connection between those who fought and those who remain to honor their sacrifice.
And then, though their bodies are absent, their memory endures as a testament to the cost of liberty.
And at the center, right, or back here behind us stands the small chapel, a place for reflection and reverence, and the description in their reads their name liveth forevermore.
These words serve as a solemn promise that the sacrifices for those who rest here will never be forgotten.
This Cemetery and its pristine grounds are solemn and solid markers telling their story.
We spare no expense to honor those who perished, providing them with a final resting place fitting of their sacrifice, a place that reflects the magnitude and courage the debt we owe to their memory.
And so this sacred place ensures that their sacrifices will be remembered, not just by those that are gathered here today, but by the generations to come.
The sacrifices of those who rest here are not relics of history.
They are the foundation for the present and the future.
NATO built on the unity and determination shown during these battles like The Ardennes remains a cornerstone of peace and security, and then today, NATO's commitment to collective defense and shared values is a shining city on a hill to deter aggression and to uphold freedom secured by these brave men and women.
The courage and resolve of these soldiers inspire us all, and still, they challenge us to live up to their legacy by protecting the values they fought for, liberty, unity and dignity for all.
I'll close with a quote from President Roosevelt.
The light of their sacrifice shall not grow dim with the passing years, let us ensure that their gift of liberty endures for generations.
So let us honor their legacy, not only with our words but our actions.
Let us strive to live lives worthy of their sacrifice by protecting the freedoms they fought for, fostering unity amongst nations and standing resolute against tyranny in all of its forms.
So May their bravery continue to inspire us, may their memory forever guide us toward a better world, Thank you.