Representatives.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Luxembourg American Cemetery.
I'd like to start here this morning by sharing with all of you a very quick story about one soldier.
His name is Alexis Sommaripa.
Alexis was born in Odessa, Ukraine.
He went on to serve.
He went on to graduate from Harvard University, and when World War Two broke out, he was 41 years old.
But he nevertheless volunteered to serve in the United States military, and because of his language skills, speaking Russian, Ukrainian, German, and French.
He was put in the Intelligence Corps.
He landed on Normandy Beach and fought here at the Battle of the Bulge.
He went on and was assigned to the 37th Tank Battalion, Fourth Armored Division, unfortunately, after the Battle of the Bulge, while he was sitting at the top and commanding a tank, Alexis' tank was strafed by German Messerschmidt.
It wounded the driver, flinging him from the tank, and the tank Raj fell over on Alexis.
He is buried here at the Luxembourg American Cemetery.
He is buried a Plot E, Row 15, Grave, 65.
I raise the story with all of you, because all of these crosses and these Stars of David that rest behind me are not movie props.
They are not just figures.
They are the lives of real Americans who gave the ultimate sacrifice in the cause of freedom, and each and every one have a story as compelling as Alexis.
And I raise this story because Alexi was a UkrainianAmerican, and the relevance today with the largest invasion on the plains of Ukraine, unprovoked, is today steaming across Europe.
I know, ladies and gentlemen, that there are many here in this world who question, who doubt, who wonder, do places like this exist?
Do ceremonies like this still have relevance today?
I'm here to respond to you, to all who question, to all who wonder, to all who doubt.
Come, come here to Luxembourg.
Come here to the Luxembourg American Cemetery.
Come see these crosses and these Stars.
Come and see what true sacrifice is about.
Because you see, ladies and gentlemen, when the United States of America stands at its best, when we are at our finest America does not send its young, its brave and its finest to fight for a king or