I thank the hon.
Lady for her party’s collaboration and for the tone and content of what she said.
She mentioned that the 0.7% figure does not feature extensively in the White Paper, but the White Paper is about doing development in a different way.
We are ratcheting in, through these new mechanisms, billions and billions of pounds, which makes a huge difference.
In many ways, it dwarfs the difference between the 0.51% or 0.52% that we are spending at the moment, and the 0.7%.
She will have seen at the time of the autumn statement last year that the Treasury estimate of when the two fiscal tests would be satisfied was 2028-29—in March, it was 2027-28.
All of us hope that the two tests will be satisfied as soon as possible.
As far as I am aware, there is no difference between the policy of the Government and that of the official Opposition on the restoration of the 0.7% target.
She talked about cuts in programmes, but the White Paper explains how many of the programmes will be increased.
She specifically mentions South Sudan.
As the budget is now in much better shape, next year the bilateral programme spending in South Sudan will increase from £47.9 million to £110 million, which is an increase of 130%.
The Kenyan bilateral programme spending will increase by 225% and the Jordanian one will increase by 130%.
So we are now able to do more through our bilateral programmes.
She asked in which areas we would be specifically restoring funding where cuts had been made; she will see in the White Paper that the International Citizen Service is set to return and our aid match will increase.
As for the humanitarian work we will do next year, we expect to spend £1 billion on humanitarian relief, plus we have the new resilience and adaptation fund, which will produce an extra 15% on that.
The White Paper is long and to many of us it is a most exciting read.
A short form is available—I have a copy here—as I mentioned.
Thanks to the Richard Curtis team, it is also an excellent read.
She chides me for not having made the point about civil society and the platform, but I am delighted to tell her that although I did not mention it in the statement, it is in there; UKDev—UK International   Development—is a platform to achieve precisely what she said needs to be achieved in that bridge between civil society and Government and state work.