The Secretary of State has alluded to the continuing reduction in reoffending rates among those leaving prison.
Does he agree that central to maintaining confidence in the wider community is that the reoffending rate goes down further still?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a simple but incredibly important point.
We want to follow the evidence so that we protect the public.
We will do so, on the one hand, by locking up the most serious offenders for longer and taking them out of circulation, and, on the other, by cutting offending.
Fewer crimes mean a better protected public.
That is the approach that we will take.
Yesterday, I met former prisoner LJ Flanders who, while serving his sentence, devised a fitness regime that can be conducted in a cell with no special gym equipment.
With the support of Bucks Association for the Care of Offenders, he has just run a two-week training programme in HMP Aylesbury to train other prisoners to provide coaching and mentoring of a similar style.
Will my right hon.
Friend please encourage everybody in His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service, particularly governors, to facilitate such courses to reduce reoffending?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who knows about what he speaks.
I pay tribute to him for his work in the criminal justice system.
He highlights an example that sounds extremely interesting.
I would be happy to meet him to hear more about it and to see where we can take things from there.
Mr Deputy Speaker, since my statement to the House on  18 July , the Government have consulted extensively to secure evidence and ideas on international development that will transform our world.
I pay tribute to the team of 15 officials who have worked night and day and most of their weekends for nearly six months on this, under the leadership of Nick Dyer and Annabel Gerry, and to Geraldine Bedell and the Richard Curtis team who have helped with the shortened version of the international development White Paper.
We drew on the sharpest and most expert minds from non-governmental organisations, academia, business, nearly 50 Governments around the world, and all political parties in the House.
I particularly wish to thank colleagues across the House for their contributions to shaping this White Paper.
This is an area of policy that does not belong either to the Conservative party or to Labour; it is a British policy and commitment.
As the whole House knows, development has helped transform the lives of billions of people.
The UK can be immensely proud of our distinct contribution to this incredible success story.
Two centuries ago, three quarters of the world lived in extreme poverty.
When I was born, around half still did.
By 2015, when the world met the millennium development goals, the proportion of a much larger global population had fallen to just 12%.
Evidence shows that development works, but it also shows that we now need to think about how we do development.
After decades of hard-won but persistent progress, we live in a world facing a daunting set of challenges: a world that is seeing rising poverty, where progress is in retreat; a world where the UN sustainable development goals are nearly all off track for 2030; a world where faith in multilateral institutions is fading despite co-operation being desperately needed; a world facing a climate crisis, growing conflict and the prospect of further pandemics; a contested world, where unity and solidarity are increasingly important, yet ever more difficult to achieve.
This White Paper sets out a road map to 2030, charting the path the UK must take to galvanise global attention and lead by example in the fight to end extreme poverty, tackle climate change and address biodiversity loss.
When it comes to international development, finance matters.
The Government have been clear on our intention to return to 0.7% of GNI when the fiscal circumstances permit, but the White Paper also makes it clear that we will not achieve the sustainable development goals through business-as-usual official development assistance funding.
We need a quantum leap in financing and investing, which only the private sector can provide.
The private sector is an essential engine of development, giving communities the building blocks for economic independence.
Self-sufficiency is development’s essential purpose, and our work with the UK private sector delivers back for taxpayers many times over.
British Investment International, formerly known as CDC, is already a core part of the Government’s offer on international development.
It has an impressive track  record, and now will go further and faster, investing in the hardest places.
As was suggested by the International Development Committee, to whom I pay tribute, BII will aim to make more than half of its investments in the poorest and most fragile countries by 2030, while also enhancing its transparency, cementing its place as a world leader.
The White Paper presents our vision for much-needed reform of the international financial system, mobilising greater finance from the private sector and scaling up the lending capacity of the international financial institutions.
The UK has pioneered the use of climate-resilient debt clauses, enabling vulnerable countries to hold off on debt repayments following an extreme weather event.
Together with Prime Minister Mia Mottley and other supporters of the Bridgetown initiative, we are driving reforms of the multilateral development banks so that they can scale up financing for low and middle-income countries.
We will also work with institutional investors such as pension funds to plug the SDG’s $3.9 trillion annual financing gap.
International development and climate action are inseparable.
Climate change and nature loss are being felt everywhere, and their impact will only intensify over the next decade.
It will be most acute in developing countries, reversing fragile development gains, increasing food prices and compounding insecurity and instability.
To meet that challenge, we must mobilise more—and more reliable—finance.
We will deliver on our pledge to provide £11.6 billion in international climate finance in the five years up to 2026.
We will ensure a balance between adaptation and mitigation financing and provide at least £3 billion to protect and restore nature.
Britain’s work on women and girls is paramount.
We cannot understand development unless we see it through the eyes of girls and women.
Increasing access to education, empowering women so that they can decide for themselves whether and when they have children, and ending sexual violence are central to economic opportunity and growth.
Those rights are universal and should be non-negotiable.
The White Paper extends and reinvigorates that work.
We will use research and diplomacy to end the preventable deaths of mothers, babies and children.
We will deploy policy and investment to defend and advance sexual and reproductive health and rights.
Effective development is rooted in respectful partnerships of equals, but the Government will continue to stand up for our values.
We know that individual rights, the rule of law and strong institutions are essential to achieving sustainable development.
Take for example the work of the Westminster Foundation for Democracy, to which Members of Parliament make such a substantial contribution.
It is the UK’s leading champion of democracy globally.
We are increasing our support for its work so that we can support fairer, more inclusive and more accountable democratic systems around the world.
We must also find better ways to anticipate and prevent humanitarian crises and the conflicts that often drive them.
Conflict and instability are on the rise and hold back development: by 2030 up to two thirds of the world’s poor will live in fragile and conflict-affected contexts.
Humanitarian needs are at their highest since 1945, with twice as many people needing assistance compared with five years ago.
The resulting devastation is spreading across affected regions, as seen at present in the Sahel and the middle east.
The tragic events in Israel  and Gaza bring home the humanitarian costs of conflict and violence, with women and children most directly affected.
I am therefore pleased to announce today that we will create a fund dedicating up to 15% of our bilateral humanitarian spend to support resilience and adaptation alongside our delivery of humanitarian relief, which we expect to amount to £1 billion next year.
When I visited families in east Africa suffering the worst drought in 40 years, it was clear that the current focus on immediate relief comes at the cost of early thinking and building in resilience and adaptation for the future.
The new fund will respond directly to that specific challenge.
Innovation is at the heart of our efforts to transform lives through sustainable growth.
The wondrous creativity of science and technology can address problems that money alone will never solve.
Only by sharing research and innovating together can we make the breakthroughs that our world needs.
The world has never been so intimately connected, nor our fates so closely entwined.
Although we can rightly be proud of all we have done to deliver international development, the UK and our global partners must redouble our efforts given the challenges that we faced to achieve those goals.
We asked in the White Paper what the UK could do.
We were told to make a new development offer based on mutual respect, powered by finance at scale, and supported by a more responsive international system.
We have listened: that is what the White Paper will deliver.
The Prime Minister has launched the White Paper to do development more effectively and differently, and yesterday’s global food security summit was an example of that.
I commend this statement to the House.