I was very sorry to hear of the death of Paul Carter, Lisa Carter and Jade Mace in January 2023 in a collision caused by Aurelijus Cielevicius, and the devastating consequences for their family and friends.
I know that my hon.
Friend has campaigned hard on this issue, and I read his Adjournment debate earlier this month.
Sentencing is entirely a matter for our independent courts, based on the facts of each case.
In July 2023, after Cielevicius was sentenced, the revised Sentencing Council guidelines for causing death by dangerous driving came into force, following the increase of the maximum penalty introduced by the PCSC Act 2022.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further, should that be helpful.
The man who was convicted of causing death by careless driving when he killed my young constituent Gregg was sentenced to only nine months in prison.
However, because he was charged with causing death by careless driving, not dangerous driving, Gregg’s family had no right to appeal under the Attorney General’s unduly lenient sentence scheme.
Will the Minister agree to discuss this with the Attorney General and look into revising the scheme to include causing death by careless driving?
I was very sorry to hear the details of that particular case.
I will, of course, be very happy to raise it with the Attorney General.
What steps he is taking to improve the provision of education for children in custody.
We work closely with education providers to drive up standards of teaching and improve academic outcomes.
The curriculum offered to children in custody is needs-led and determined by individual aspirations, literacy and numeracy levels, interests and sentence  length.
Where education provision is inadequate, we will hold providers to account to ensure that children receive the education they need to turn away from crime.
Earlier this year, I visited Feltham young offenders institution and witnessed at first hand the very challenging conditions in which dedicated professionals work with young people who have committed the most serious crimes and had a very difficult start in life.
Back in 2016, the Charlie Taylor review recommended that we move away from young offenders institutions to secure schools.
The Government fully accepted his vision, yet seven years on not a single secure school has opened.
One has been built, but it has not admitted any pupils.
If the Government are serious about rehabilitating young offenders and cutting reoffending, when will they finally roll out secure schools for those pupils?
In a previous life as a Minister, as it were, I had youth justice in my portfolio back in 2018-19, and I had the opportunity to visit Feltham at that time.
I worked with Charlie Taylor on delivering those recommendations into practice.
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Lady that we anticipate the first secure school opening in 2024.