The Minister will be aware that approximately £1 million of taxpayers’ money was spent, including through legal aid, on finally deporting the vile sex offender Yaqub Ahmed, whose crimes were just unimaginable.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister ensure that legal aid processes are reviewed and, importantly, dust off the previous plans to introduce wasted cost orders in immigration cases so that lawyers who pursue these spurious cases are prevented from doing so?
As my right hon.
Friend will appreciate, I cannot comment on individual cases, but I can reassure her that the payment of wasted or unreasonable costs can already be ordered by the tribunal if it considers it appropriate.
Given the issue that she has raised, however, I would be more than happy to meet her to ensure that her concerns are conveyed firmly to those responsible for the reviews.
Eight courts have so far been named as containing reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—and three of them are closed.
The Government will not say which prisons are affected, but will they guarantee that funding for RAAC removal will not come at the expense of existing maintenance schemes, given the huge backlog of repairs in courts and prisons?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the eight court buildings, but that is in the context of an estate of over 300 buildings.
It is important to note, however, that we have massively increased the budget for the court estate, and that enables us to do two things.
First, we can take on more projects and also plan them because we have guaranteed this over two years, meaning that we can plan in a more efficient and effective way.
The second issue so far as prisons are concerned is that separate considerations apply because the buildings are used for a whole range of different purposes; there is the prison itself, but there are plenty of ancillary buildings.
This is all being inspected in the normal way, and the budget is certainly there to effect remediations if required.
Last week I visited my local Co-op store in Hartburn, where I met staff and Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers reps as part of Respect for Shopworkers Week.
There are around 867 assaults on shop workers not each month, not each week but every single day.
We cannot go on like this.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend look again at what we can do to tackle this issue and deliver justice for shop workers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Those people are on the frontline of society, acting effectively in public to do an incredibly important public service.
We have already moved to ensure that the courts can treat assaults on shop workers as an aggravating factor when it comes to sentencing.
To be clear, this means that, in appropriate cases, the fact that a person has assaulted a retail worker can mean the difference between a non-custodial penalty and a custodial penalty, which is absolutely right.
Those who behave in such a cowardly way should expect all consequences.
The rule of law is sacrosanct, isn’t it?
Yes.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that the judiciary must not make incendiary comments about Israel?
At Walsall magistrates court, a district judge recently acquitted defendants who had vandalised a factory, believing it to be supplying Israel, and is reported to have told them their action was “proportionate in comparison to the crimes against humanity which they were acting to stop.”
Does he agree that judges are supposed to uphold the law, not encourage its breach?
This brings our legal system into ill-repute, so will he take this from me as a complaint to the Judicial Conduct Investigations Office?
Order.
We are not meant to criticise the courts, and I know that such a learned Gentleman will know better; I am sure we can avoid any criticism.
I simply note the question.
Plainly, I make no comment on the specifics.
I have heard my right hon.
and learned Friend’s point, and I will happily take it up with him subsequently.
The Ministry of Justice has released its latest quarterly statistics on deaths and self-harm in the England and Wales prison estate.
The rate of self-harm incidents among female prisoners went up by a stark 63% compared with the same quarter last year, and there was an overall 24% increase in self-inflicted deaths.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of the impact of the MOJ’s policies on these increases across the prison estate?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight this, as every death in custody is a tragedy.
We continue to do all we can to improve the safety of prisoners, both in that respect and in respect of reducing instances of self-harm.
We are continuing to deliver on our safety commitment outlined in the prisons strategy White Paper, including by introducing more ligature-resistant cells, funding a study to understand the extent of deaths, and rolling out an emotional resilience and peer-support programme in six prisons.
Of course, our staff are vital to this, and I take the opportunity to pay tribute to them; we are investing to support them to continue to do that work.
In the summer, the Government made a welcome announcement on banning zombie knives and machetes and doubling the sentences for supplying a knife to an under-18 and for possessing a knife with intent to cause harm.
Now we are in a new Session, will the Secretary of State set out the timeline for bringing forward legislation to make this happen?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who is a passionate and principled campaigner on the issue of public safety.
These measures will find their way into the Criminal Justice Bill.
I look forward to her support, which I know will be forthcoming.
Let us hope that hon.
Members right across the House will put public protection as one of their priorities.
New figures released by the Co-op Group show that a staggering 300,000 incidents of shoplifting, abuse, violence and antisocial behaviour in Co-op stores have been reported this year alone.
Surely the best way to stop violence against shop workers is to make it a stand-alone offence, as requested by the Labour party, the Co-op party and the USDAW trade union.
It is important to establish what is already available to the police: section 39 on common assault, section 47 on assault occasioning actual bodily harm and—heaven forbid—sections 20 and 18, which relate to more serious cases of grievous bodily harm.
Plus, if an individual is convicted on any of those grounds, the courts can—indeed, ought to—consider assault on a retail worker as an aggravating factor.
As I have indicated, that can mean the difference between a non-custodial and a custodial penalty.
We will keep these matters under review, but the central point is that before someone can go before the court, they have to be arrested.
That is why I am delighted that we have more police officers than at any time in our history, ready to take the fight to those who assault shop workers.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has a terrific record on dealing with SLAPPs—strategic lawsuits against public participation—so he will understand how greedy lawyers encourage their billionaire clients to crush their opponents by extending court cases, dragging them out and multiplying them.
What has not been taken on board is that that also costs the taxpayer millions of pounds.
I think those lawyers should have to meet those costs.
With that in mind, will he publish the costs incurred by SLAPPs cases?
No one in this House has done more than my right hon.
Friend to clamp down on this iniquitous behaviour, and I am pleased that we have been able to make some progress.
He makes a really important point: every day that is spent in court pursuing ill-founded and abusive litigation is time that could be spent on other matters in the public interest.
I will certainly look into the interesting suggestion he makes about publishing the cost of that behaviour.
After the Supreme Court ruling on Rwanda, the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) said that the Government should “ignore the laws” and put planes in the air anyway.
The Prime Minister has failed to distance himself from those comments.
Does that disappoint the Justice Secretary?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answer I gave a few moments ago.
There is understandable righteous indignation about the situation that exists.
We believe that we can comply and deliver our policies within the four corners of international law—that is our approach.
However, those who arrive illegally threaten to corrode the rule of law, because that of itself sends out a poor subliminal message that those who do so can act with impunity.
That does not strengthen the rule  of law.
The Justice Secretary will know of the hard work undertaken in this Parliament to bring the Desecration of War Memorials Bill into law.
Elements of that Bill were subsumed into the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, but will he now undertake to complete the job?
My hon.
Friend is one of two hon.
Members who have fought hard on this issue, and he does so from the position of having served his country.
It is completely iniquitous that people should seek to act in a way that desecrates war memorials.
His specific point seems utterly compelling and I am happy to discuss it with him hereafter.
The Justice Secretary is an experienced lawyer, for whom I have a great deal of respect.
Will he explain to the Prime Minister that following the Supreme Court’s judgment on Rwanda, merely to legislate that the facts on the ground in Rwanda are the opposite of what the Supreme Court found them to be will make no difference to the problems the Supreme Court has identified, and will simply make the Government a laughing stock?