What additional (a) financial and (b) practical support the Government plans to provide the International Criminal Court for its war crime investigations.
The UK is one of the major funders of the International Criminal Court, and provides further practical support including sentence enforcement, pro bono expertise in victim and witness protection, and secondments.
In June, I met with the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Karim Khan KC, and I will remain in contact with the ICC to discuss what resources it needs to operate effectively.
It should go without saying that the International Criminal Court needs to be able to do its work unimpeded if it is to establish when collateral damage transcends into deliberate slaughter, or whether self-defence was in fact collective punishment.
Will the Government provide a guarantee from the Dispatch Box that they will not intervene—as they did alongside the United States in 2021—against any future ICC investigation into war crimes perpetrated against the people of Gaza?
The hon.
Gentleman’s original question was about the resource that we provide to the ICC.
We are the second largest donor after Germany, and we have provided some additional support this year.
Questions about prosecution are matters for independent prosecutors.
It is not for Ministers in this Parliament to make that  sort of decision: that will be a matter for independent prosecutors, whom I would expect to exercise their discretion freely and fairly.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid for immigration cases.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid for immigration cases.
Legal aid is available for asylum cases, for victims of domestic abuse and modern slavery, for separated migrant children, and for immigration cases where someone is challenging a detention decision.
Through the Illegal Migration Act 2023, individuals who receive a removal notice under the Act will have access to free legal advice in relation to that notice.
The Law Society has warned that a proposed 15% increase in legal aid rates will not be enough to ensure that sufficient immigration lawyers are available to deal with deportations to Rwanda.
Charities supporting refugees make 16 attempts on average before securing a lawyer, while in London, charities are only successfully finding legal representation for 4.1% of referrals.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the legal aid sector does not collapse in England and Wales due to the poor decisions made by his colleagues?
The 15% was agreed after a six-week consultation looking at other increases for other specialist work.
The Legal Aid Agency will always keep provision under review to ensure that cover is provided for those who need it.
There are approximately 175,000 people trapped in the current asylum backlog, many of them living in hotels with no right to support themselves or their families through work.
Instead of unlawful and pointless dog-whistling gestures such as the Government’s Rwanda policy, would it not be better to allow people the opportunity to work and support themselves, and to allow the Home Office and the legal aid system to be resourced adequately so that we can deal with our international obligations exactly as we ought to?
The question about the Home Office is one the hon.
Member may want to raise with Home Office Ministers themselves.
On access to legal aid, I would not say that £2 billion of legal aid means this is under-resourced.
This year alone, we have continued to increase levels of legal aid across the board, and specifically in specialist areas such as immigration, so I reject the notion that it is underfunded.