In response to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) , the Secretary of State said that he had recruited 1,000 additional probation officers, but in fact that recruitment campaign has resulted in 76 fewer probation officers between  March last year and March this year.
Owing to the excessive workload, staff are leaving in droves.
The proposed new presumption in favour of extended sentences and the extension of electronic monitoring will simply offload more pressure from prisons on to the probation service, will it not?
What are the Government doing to address these issues of excessive workload and the loss of probation staff?
On a point of detail, as of  30 September 2023  the increase on the previous year was 4.2% for band 3 probation officers, 6.9% for band 4 officers and 13% for senior probation officers.
The so-called attrition rate, or resignation rate, is also down.
There are more probation officers, and more of them are remaining in place.
The reason that matters is the fact that experience counts.
This is an extremely difficult job, and making good judgments requires wisdom and experience.
We are investing in the probation service so that its officers can do their job on behalf of our communities.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Justice questions, we have introduced a Criminal Justice Bill, which responds rapidly and robustly to the latest criminal threats.
It will include strengthened laws to criminalise those who breach trust by taking intimate images without consent; broaden the offence of encouraging and assisting self-harm; give judges the power to order offenders to attend sentencing hearings; and enable the probation service to polygraph-test more terrorists and sex offenders.
Meanwhile, the new Sentencing Bill has public protection at its core, making the severest punishments available for the most dangerous offenders, such as murderers who kill with sexual or sadistic conduct, to take them out of circulation forever.
It will protect the public by breaking the cycle of reoffending to reduce crime.
We have also welcomed my hon.
Friends the Members for Newbury (Laura Farris) and for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) to the Front Bench.
As I think the House has already observed, they will make a formidable contribution to public life.