The Secretary of State’s emergency early release scheme is meant to tackle a capacity crisis that is entirely of this Government’s making, and it excludes only serious violence.
Surely domestic abuse and stalking are serious offences, yet they are not excluded from early release.
What kind of signal does that give to victims, the public, and indeed perpetrators of violence against women and girls?
We are proud that under this Government sentences for offences such as rape have gone up by a third.
We have a situation in which charges are up, the conviction rate is higher and sentences are longer—and,  unlike under the Labour Government, people are spending a higher proportion of those sentences in custody.
We think that is the right thing to do.
To the hon.
Member’s point, the exclusions in place go beyond what he indicated, so he is factually incorrect; they also include sex offences and terrorist offences.
Here is a really important point: where the custodial authorities are satisfied that there is a specific risk, there is an opportunity to ensure that release is blocked.
That is important, because we will always stand up for victims of crime.
Argument weak?
Go long and do not answer the question—the classic response from this Government.
The truth is that without any Government announcement of a start date, prisons began releasing offenders over a month ago.
These men are already walking our streets, but the Government will not tell us how many, or why they were behind bars in the first place.
Why do the Government not believe that the public deserve to know who is being released back into the community when a court decided that they should be in prison?
We will make whatever appropriate announcements in due course; we will not demur from that.
We will also not apologise for having, under this Government, a higher custodial population than before.
We are taking robust steps to ensure that the public are protected, which means unashamedly that those who commit the most serious offences—those such as murder in the context of sexual or sadistic conduct—go to prison for the rest of their lives.
Will the hon.
Member support that?
I wonder.
We are also using the evidence so that those capable of rehabilitation are rehabilitated.
One thing that we will not ever put at risk is the threat to women and girls.
As the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newbury (Laura Farris) , indicated, we have taken steps to ensure that victims of domestic abuse will be properly protected under the Government.
Here is a man who will go short: I call Sir Desmond Swayne.
Whether he is taking steps to increase levels of public confidence in non-custodial sentences.
To earn public confidence, non-custodial sentences must self-evidently be punitive, so that the British people can see that offenders are being punished for their crimes.
They must also be enforceable, so that judges and magistrates can be confident that those who step out of line risk being brought back before the court and sentenced to immediate custody.
That is why we are doubling the number of the latest GPS tags available to the court, so that offenders can be strictly monitored, and we have increased funding for the probation service by £155 million a year.
It is essential that every advantage be had from the latest monitoring technology, isn’t it?
Pithy and perfect—my right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Under the old technology, all that the so-called radio frequency tags could tell the probation   service was whether that individual had left the premises to which he had been bailed or curfewed.
The modern GPS tags are far more effective, because they can indicate where that person has gone, keeping them under a tight rein.
We have additional tags, including alcohol monitoring tags to allow the courts and probation services also to monitor alcohol where that is the root cause of the offending.
Is the evidence not clear that short prison sentences do not work, and that women’s centres, which deal with drug and alcohol abuse, mental health issues and so on, can be effective?
It would make a lot of sense to roll that out for the male population—it is cheaper and it is better.
I am delighted to hear that from the hon.
Gentleman.
We have to follow the evidence, which shows that short sentences of immediate custody lead to a higher reoffending rate than those where the sentence is suspended, albeit on tight conditions, which might include curfew, an unpaid work order and potentially a rehabilitation requirement.
Why?
Because if the offender fails to comply, the probation service can find them in breach and bring them back before the court, where they will then likely hear the clang of the prison gate.
We will follow the evidence.
We make no apology for using our custodial estate to lock up the most dangerous offenders for longer and take them out of circulation.
But protecting the public also means ensuring that those who would otherwise reoffend get off the conveyor belt of crime.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the conditions in the prison estate for the rehabilitation of offenders.
By the end of the spending review period, we will have invested nearly £4 billion to deliver an additional 20,000 modern prison places and ensure that the right conditions are in place to rehabilitate prisoners, cut crime and protect the public.
The key to effective rehabilitation is the provision of education and skills training, to increase a prisoner’s employability and ensure that they can access employment upon release, alongside providing support for substance misuse, treatment and so on.
We are also investing to improve rehabilitative spaces in prison, having delivered our employment hubs, where prisoners can access job vacancies.
We will renovate prison workshops through our HMP academies programme.
No glass, just bars at the window; mice and rats; faeces in the gravy; and sewage overflows regularly in his cell.
This is not the start of a Victorian novel, but the disgrace experienced by my young constituent, who was locked in his shared cell for 23 and a half hours a day, having never received the vital specialist mental health support that he needed.
When can we expect such draconian conditions at HMP Hull to end?
What appropriate steps will the Minister take to ensure that people in prison experience rehabilitation, not the conditions that my constituent faced?
If the hon.
Lady would like to write to me, I will be happy to look into that specific case.
But in broad terms, in the last financial year this Government invested £217 million in capital and maintenance spending, up from £149 million in 2010-2011.
That includes, since 2020, delivering £73 million of capital maintenance projects across Yorkshire.
Security is not a dirty word in this context but is vital to creating conditions in which people can be safe and rehabilitated.
We continue to work closely with the NHS on improving things such as mental health support for those in prison, but I am happy to engage with her on this issue.
If the Government will make an assessment of the potential merits of extending the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include additional offences.
In 2019 we expanded the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include 14 new offences, including further child sexual offences and coercive or controlling behaviour.
We have no immediate plans to extend the scheme further, but we keep it under constant review.