Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Education is vital to reduce violence, especially on the youth estate.
However, violence on the youth estate is skyrocketing.
Since last year, assaults on staff have increased by 33%.
That puts prison staff at risk in their workplace and increases the trauma experienced by children and young people.
It can also prolong their rehabilitation.
How will the Minister use education and other methods available to him to reduce that violence?
It is nice to be taking questions from the hon.
Lady in her new role as shadow Minister, rather than when she used to question me in the Justice Committee.
She is absolutely right to highlight the challenges of violence across the youth estate, which have been too high for too long, and we continue to work hard across all sites to address it.
Among the measures put in place, we are ensuring that each child receives a full needs assessment, covering education, psychology, resettlement, health and behavioural support.
Education and skills play a vital part in helping children and young people to get their lives back on course, but that must be in the context of a secure environment, because security has to be the premise on which all those other benefits can be delivered.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the suspension of short sentences on the probation service.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the suspension of short sentences on the probation service.
To expand probation capacity, we have increased funding by £155 million a year to deliver effective supervision of offenders in the community.
In   2020-21 we recruited an additional 1,000 trainee officers, 1,500 more in the following year, and 1,500 more in the year after that.
This means that offenders who pose the highest risk to communities will receive robust supervision.
Successive Conservative Ministers have allowed the criminal justice system to fall into its current parlous state, making many communities, including in Cambridge, less safe.
Now they propose to shift the burden from an over-pressed prison service to an over-pressed probation service.
Can the Secretary of State guarantee that the money that should have been available to prisons will be moved to the probation service to allow it to keep our communities safe?
The first point is not right; since 2010, the overall levels of crime have fallen by 40%.
As for the second point, reoffending has dropped from about 32% to about 25%.
The third point, on probation, is, with respect, a better one.
As we move towards suspended sentence orders, it is right for them to be robust and enforceable so that if people step out of line they can expect to hear the clang of the prison gate, and that is why I am engaging with the leadership of the probation service.
Yesterday I also met frontline probation officers, because I want to hear from them how we can ensure that their workload is manageable and they have the resources that they need to keep our communities safe.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I echo the concerns of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and the British Independent Retailers Association, which fear that the scrapping of short sentences will only embolden retail criminals.
The Secretary of State will know that far too many shop workers face being attacked in shops across the UK, particularly as we approach the festive period.
According to the police, there has been a 24% increase in shoplifting in the past year.
Can the Secretary of State assure us that the probation service can cope with the expected surge in retail crime, and ensure that those who work in shops will be protected and anyone who attacks them will face the full force of the law?
Those who behave in such an appalling way should expect to feel exactly that: the full force of the law.
Let me be crystal clear: those who pose a particular threat to individuals can expect to hear the clang of the prison gate.
Those who commit offences while subject to an order—be it, for instance, a community order, a stalking prevention order or a domestic abuse protection order—can also expect to be outwith the presumption.
Through the use of tags, we can ensure that people who do not abide by stringent requirements—which, by the way, could include not going to a particular shopping precinct—can expect one outcome, and one outcome only: prison.