They always say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Now, we know that this Chancellor has a reputation for copying, so I thought I would have a look at the statement made in 2023 on Network North allocations, which I am sure the Chief Secretary has seen.
I thought I would compare those allocations with the Government’s announcement today.
I have the Conservative announcements in one hand and the Labour announcements in the other.
[Interruption.]
Labour Members can shout all they want.
Here we go.
In 2023, the Conservatives promised the west midlands £2.64 billion—[Interruption.]
I say to Labour Members that the Chief Secretary is also only making a promise.
In 2023, we promised £2.64 billion for the west midlands, and the Government have announced £2.4 billion for the west midlands today.
We promised £2.1 billion for West Yorkshire; today, the Government have announced £2.1 billion.
We promised £2.5 billion for Greater Manchester; they have announced £2.5 billion today.
We promised £1.45 billion for South Yorkshire; they have announced £1.5 billion today.
We promised £1.581 billion for Liverpool; they have announced £1.6 billion today.
We promised £1.84 billion for the north-east; they have announced £1.8 billion today.
We promised £0.752 billion for the west of England; they have announced £0.8 billion today.
We promised £978 million for Tees Valley in 2023, and Labour has announced £1 billion today.
I know the Chief Secretary is occasionally good with numbers, but does he not agree that what he is announcing today is essentially nothing more than a rounding error on the Conservatives’ plans from 2023?
The only difference between the 2023 and 2025 announcements is that we would have spelt Rotherham correctly in our announcement.
The truth is, the Chancellor will go around the country rewriting history as frequently as she writes her CV, but nobody believes in her £22 billion black hole.
What people do believe is that this Chancellor is open to change.
She is going to roll back the issues on the winter fuel allowance, her botched welfare reform and changes to the two-child policy.
Look at those on the Treasury Bench—they have not got a spine.
If Labour Back Benchers have an issue in their constituency and want to stand up for their constituents, they should make a bid to this Chief Secretary, because he will back down and give them the money.
That is what we know from Labour.
We also know that in the Government’s analysis of the Green Book, they are looking to change the assessments of the cost-benefit analysis.
My question to the Chief Secretary therefore is—[Interruption.]
I do have a number of questions.
First, will he publish the cost-benefit ratios for each of the projects he has announced today?
Will he state whether they have been evaluated  on the existing Green Book rules or on new rules?
Will he give an indication today of what those rules might be?
Secondly, as the Labour Government try to decide whether their commitment on defence is for 2%, 2.5%, 3% or 3.5% of GDP, with both those numbers and today’s investments stretching into the next period of government—whoever is in government—can the Chief Secretary confirm that it is this Government’s intention that the investments made today will be secure, whatever the changes made on defence expenditure?
The Chief Secretary said that he is able to make this announcement because the Government changed the rules, which has enabled £113 billion more of investment.
But that is not quite right, is it?
The Government can afford the additional investment only if people are prepared to fund it, and there are two sources for funding: taxpayers or the bond market.
Can the Chief Secretary therefore advise whether he is going to look for additional funding from taxes or additional borrowing, if there is a shortfall?
The truth is, despite what the Back Benchers say, this Labour Treasury team are out of their depth.
They are addicted to tax increases and to more borrowing.
The Chief Secretary can republish as many press releases as he likes, but we know that because of their reckless mismanagement of the economy, come the autumn, this Labour Government will be back for more.
I am pleased to see the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury back in his place today; I always enjoy our exchanges.
I welcome the fact that he supports our plans and sees the good value in them.
I will respond to one particular question, and then answer the rest in the round: all the Green Book details will be published next week at the spending review, so we will be able to share them with him and the House at that time.
The shadow Chief Secretary said that we were imitating the Conservative party’s promise to level up the country, but I think the British people voted and gave their verdict on the Conservatives’ success in delivering that at the last election.
Whereas their version of levelling up was a set of false promises, this Labour Government are delivering real change.
The shadow Chief Secretary—rightly, given his role—asked how we will fund the announcements we have made today.
As I explained in my statement to the House, it is because of the Chancellor’s decisions to amend the fiscal rules and invest in Britain, instead of continuing with decline, that we have been able to do so.
The shadow Chief Secretary and the Conservative party have not said what they would do differently.
They were against the change in the fiscal rules, against our increasing of taxes on the wealthiest people at the Budget and against every single measure we have taken to be able to pay for today’s announcements.
Whether it is the Conservatives, Reform or any other party, they need to recognise that the Conservatives’ false promises led to their decline and their unfunded promises are disrespectful to the British people, and that this Labour Government promised change at the election and we are delivering it.
These are fully funded promises, unlike  the unfunded promises of the Conservatives, which posed a risk to the economy and a risk to family finances.
The sooner the Conservatives learn from their lessons, apologise to the British people, and come forward with some serious proposals, the better for the debate in this House.