For years, there has been under-investment in Scotland’s roads.
The A9, A96, A77 and A75 are all in dire need of upgrading or dualling; work on all of them has been delayed or even cancelled by the SNP.
In the spirit of improving economic co-operation between the nations of the UK, and specifically between Scotland and Northern Ireland, and given how vital the A77 and A75 are to individuals, businesses and hauliers, will the Minister seek the ringfencing of the Barnett consequentials that will arise as a result of this morning’s announcement by the Chancellor, so that the SNP must spend that money on improving roads in Scotland?
We are in conversation with all the relevant parties, but yes, we would like an increase in trade, and in the transport infrastructure that supports it.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to regenerate town centres in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to regenerate town centres in Scotland.
As a former publican, I know that these are hard times for businesses on the high street.
We are investing £200 million in our plans for neighbourhoods in Scotland, with £20 million-worth of funding for towns including Irvine, Greenock, Kilmarnock, Coatbridge, Clydebank, Elgin, Dumfries, Arbroath, Peterhead and Kirkwall.
Of course, it would help if the Scottish Government extended business rates relief to retail and leisure businesses, as has happened south of the border.
Many businesses in Scotland are asking where that money went.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it was astonishing that the SNP voted against the £8 million to regenerate Hamilton town centre and that only Labour’s Davy Russell will stand up for local people, jobs and services?
I have brought glasses to see if I can find an ounce of credibility in the SNP’s candidate in Hamilton for voting against that £8 million.
The SNP candidate is a councillor from Cambuslang who stood for election twice in Rutherglen, sought selection in Shettleston and then voted against £8 million for the Hamilton town centre before seeking selection there.
In Scotland, we are allowed to elect councillors with a single transferable vote; she appears to be the SNP’s single transferable councillor.
A proud industrial heritage, a strong community spirit and an overwhelming feeling of being let down and under-invested in by the previous Conservative Government unite towns in my constituency with those across Scotland, including those in Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse.
In Wales, Labour’s transforming towns programme has invested in Holywell in my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling on the SNP to U-turn and finally back Labour’s plans to invest in Hamilton town centre?
What a wonderful representative my hon.
Friend is for her constituency.
I could not agree more.
The SNP candidate is yet to explain to voters in Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse why she voted against the much needed £8 million investment in Hamilton town centre.
I hope she will explain before tomorrow’s vote.
If she does not, everyone should back Labour’s Davy Russell.
I will tell the Secretary of State what is bad for town centres, and that is job losses.
On this Government’s watch, Robert Gordon University has been forced to publish a report that outlines that there could be 400 job losses in the North sea every two weeks.
That is a Grangemouth-type shutdown every two weeks.
How many jobs have to be lost in my constituency for his Government to act?
The leader of the SNP in this House voted against the setting up of Great British Energy in his constituency, which is creating jobs in Scotland.
He is against the EU trade deal, he is against the US trade deal, he is against the India trade deal; he is bad for jobs and should go.
Towns and villages across north-east Scotland, such as Aberdeen, and Inverurie, Kintore and Ellon in my constituency, will all need regenerating in future if the Secretary of State’s Government keep decimating the oil and gas sector.
The best thing his Government can do for the north-east of Scotland is allow new licences and cut the increase to the energy profits levy.
Will he commit to that?
Otherwise, more and more money will need to be put into north-east Scotland to regenerate our towns in future.
This Government are putting money into Scottish towns to regenerate them.
As we keep saying from this Dispatch Box, oil and gas will be with us for decades to come.
The industry itself is making  the transition, and we have to make sure that it happens, and happens for the benefit of workers in the north-east and all over Scotland.
I am not even sure, however, that it is a transition that the hon.
Lady and the Conservative party now back.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on levels of funding for the NHS in Scotland.
Following the spring statement, it was confirmed that the block grant for Scotland this year was a record £50 billion.
That was no thanks to the SNP and Reform, which both voted against that massive funding boost for Scotland and want to scrap the Barnett formula that delivered it.
Despite that record funding, the SNP still has no plan to get waiting lists down, when one in six Scots are stuck on an NHS waiting list and the educational attainment gap is growing by the day.
Despite the record funding provided by the Labour Government, the SNP plans to downgrade the neonatal intensive care unit at university hospital Wishaw, which could force the families of sick babies to travel as far as Aberdeen for treatment and support.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP cut should be reversed?
As the father of an 18-week-old daughter, I am absolutely horrified by those proposals and I know that they will be causing anxiety for families across Lanarkshire.
That is why it is so disappointing to see the SNP candidate in the Hamilton by-election back the plans to downgrade the Wishaw neonatal unit.
The way to send a message to the SNP that that is unacceptable is to vote for Davy Russell tomorrow in the Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse by-election.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on levels of funding for local authorities.
The Chancellor’s autumn Budget delivered the biggest settlement in the history of devolution for the Scottish Government—£50 billion.
I want to see that cash reach the frontline services that have suffered years of cuts under the SNP.
That record settlement is possible only because of the Barnett formula—something opposed not only by the Scottish nationalists, but by  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , whose Reform circus was sent packing from Hamilton this week.
The largest ever devolution settlement—£50 billion—is great news for Scotland and its local authorities, but under the SNP there are 840,000 cases on NHS waiting lists.
This affects people in my constituency in North Northumberland, many of whom use cross-border healthcare and dental services, so does the Minister  agree that the SNP needs to sort itself out and start delivering change to the NHS, as Labour is doing in England?
I could not agree more.
In England, waiting lists have fallen since Labour came to office less than a year ago, while in Scotland they continue to rise, and we now see nearly one in six Scots waiting for treatment.
John Swinney has, in total desperation, announced that the SNP Government’s fifth NHS recovery plan in less than four years, but the reality is that patients, staff and we all know that Scotland desperately needs a new direction.