I congratulate my hon.
Friend and colleagues from the Liverpool city region on securing £1.6 billion of transport investment.
As he will remember, he and I were on a visit together looking at some of the potential for that money to be spent not long ago, including at a roundtable with local employers and workers at the Everton stadium.
It was great to be able to see out the window of the office of the Liverpool city region mayor the potential that that investment will unlock in housing, jobs and great opportunities for people in the area.
My hon.
Friend asks about how the rest of this money will be spent on what sounds like very sensible infrastructure upgrades.
As he will know, that is a decision for the mayor of the Liverpool city region.
The Chief Secretary’s announcement on regional growth largely omitted the south-west region beyond Bristol.
Will he therefore ensure that next Wednesday there is at least a nod to the region in which both he and I have our constituencies?
Will he ensure that the signal that this Government sent to the south-west practically on day one by canning improvements to the A303 is corrected?
Will he ensure that there is at least a nod to the much-needed Westbury bypass?
Can we please have a little investment in the poor country cousin of the rail network in this country, which is the west of England line?
Of course, the announcement today is on funding for combined authority mayors, which is why the west of England combined authority mayor has received two-thirds of £1 billion of transport investment for areas that are part of that boundary.
We are still committed to investing in each and every part of Britain, and the details of that will come out in the spending review next Wednesday.
I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that the Government have said to other parts of the  country that if they can get together and agree on a combined authority mayoralty, we will continue to support it in the same way that we support the existing mayors in the UK.
It will be for local leaders in the region that he and I come from to decide how best to collaborate on these issues going forward.