I associate myself with the remarks of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  about the success of Aberdeen football club.
The strategic defence review makes it clear that housing must be a priority, and that the money from the sale of housing must be reinvested, but veterans continually come to me who have been discharged into homelessness.
Can the Minister reassure us that we will ensure that houses that are sold or redeveloped are available to veterans’ families?
I am very pleased to offer the hon.
Lady that reassurance.
I join colleagues in congratulating Aberdeen FC, despite the impact of their victory on my beloved Dundee United.
I also congratulate Arbroath FC on securing the Scottish league one championship title.
The Scottish Government have reinstated the winter fuel payment for up to 88,000 pension-age veterans in Scotland, but the Prime Minister has said that it was right to slash the winter fuel payment.
Was the Prime Minister right to slash it?
The hon.
Member will be perfectly aware—as, indeed, everyone in the House will be—that questions about the winter fuel payment in Scotland are devolved to the Scottish Government.
Decisions made in Scotland are the responsibility of the Scottish Government, but I am pleased to reiterate to the House what the Prime Minister and the Chancellor have said.
This was a difficult decision, and now that we have a little more breathing space, we are very pleased to make changes to help more pensioners.
I see that we are not going to get a straight answer out of the Minister, just as the people in Hamilton did not get a straight answer out of Labour’s candidate.
That will be why Labour is sinking without a trace.
Let me put it this way: does the Minister think that the Prime Minister was right to slash the winter fuel payment for up to 1 million veterans across the UK?
When this Government took office, we inherited a £22 billion black hole, which required emergency action.
We said at the time that our decision on the winter fuel payment was a difficult one that we did not want to make, and we are very pleased to be in a position to reconsider it.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on support for the higher education sector in Scotland.
Scotland’s universities are of course world-class, but I am very concerned about the financial difficulties faced by several of them.
As the hon.
Lady will know, higher education is a devolved matter, and Scotland’s universities, their staff and their students all need a Scottish Government with a proper plan to turn this crisis around.
International students are hugely valuable, not just when it comes to sharing cultures and knowledge, but to our universities and local economies.
In North East Fife in 2021-22, that value was estimated at £159 million.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Scottish Government about the economic impact of the reforms relating to international students in the immigration White Paper?
Can she update the House on whether an economic impact assessment has taken place?
We are in ongoing discussions with the Scottish Government and Scottish universities, but I want to be absolutely definitive about this, because there has been some confusion in the press.
Education policy is devolved, and the international student levy will not apply in Scotland unless the Scottish Government decide to introduce it.
I met Universities Scotland just this week and made that very clear, and I am pleased to do so again today.
The university sector is important for growing the Scottish economy, but so is tourism.
Can the Minister enlighten me about the jet safari trips from Clacton to Scotland that have taken place, allowing former bankers to patronise the locals, miss the big picture and be back in England for a pint of warm beer by lunchtime?
I think I did hear something about  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  getting lost in Hamilton this weekend, and sculking behind the bins before he was sent packing by the good people of South Lanarkshire.
Of course, the only local candidate in that by-election is Labour’s Davy Russell, who will stand up for his community against the division peddled by both the SNP and Reform.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on school standards.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard me remind the House on a number of occasions that John Swinney said that education was the “defining mission” of his SNP Government, but earlier this year we got the news that standards of attainment in Scotland’s schools are declining across the board and, shamefully, outcomes for young working-class kids are getting worse.
The attainment gap is widening.
The Scottish Government have failed a generation; they cannot be allowed a third decade in power to continue that damage.
Scotland’s teachers, parents and pupils all deserve better standards in our schools.
What has caused the system, which was once the benchmark for all others, to become such a disappointment?
There is a simple answer to that question: the SNP Scottish Government.
When my right hon.
Friend discusses with SNP Ministers, through announcements made this week, the huge employment opportunities that this Government have created for young people in Scotland, will he impress on them the urgent need to finally tackle the persistent—and in some areas widening—attainment gap faced by pupils from poorer backgrounds, not only in Fife but in South Lanarkshire?
These concerns are often raised by residents of Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse.
The House may not know that last year, 1,351 pupils left high school in Scotland without a single qualification to their name, and one in six Scots is not in education, employment or training.
That is the legacy of the SNP Scottish Government.
What have they done about jobs and growth?
They are against the defence industry and against the trade deals with the EU, India and the US.
They are against young Scots in Scotland.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland on improving economic co-operation between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Our recent trade deals with the United States, India and the EU will improve access to vital markets for businesses in both Scotland and Northern Ireland.
These are deals with the most populous country in the world, the richest country in the world and our most important trading partner.
I recognise the importance of economic co-operation between Northern Ireland and Scotland.
Indeed, earlier this week I met  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  and a local business to discuss exactly this issue.
Will the Minister set up a meeting with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland to consider creating a trade fair focusing on trade between Northern Ireland businesses and Scottish businesses?
That would create networks, would possibly create jobs, and would be great for the economy in both Northern Ireland and Scotland.
It would certainly go down well with businesses in North Down and right across the UK.
I would be delighted to see more trade between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
I will happily meet colleagues in the Northern Ireland Office to explore that.
Scotland and Northern Ireland are set to benefit from the Government’s trio of trade deals.
Does the Minister agree that it is astonishing that the SNP stands with the Tories and Reform against an EU trade deal that is good for Scotland, and that after almost 20 years in government, the SNP has no plan for Scotland?
One in six Scots is on an NHS waiting list; Ayrshire ferries are late and are costing £1 billion; one in six Scots is not in education, employment or training; and the SNP has no plan for the defence of our Union.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is astonishing that we see ranged on the Opposition Benches numerous people who have talked down the potential of Scotland’s exporters, and who have said that there is no benefit to be had from these deals for a Scottish business sector that is desperate to grow and export, and is delighted with the three trade deals, which will make such a difference to them.