The Prime Minister has repeatedly told this House that it is not for him or his Government to determine what is and is not a genocide.
That position is no longer tenable, because at the High Court recently, the Prime Minister instructed his lawyers to argue that in Gaza, “no genocide has occurred or is occurring”.
The truth is that his Government have made a determination; the question is whether he has the courage of his convictions.
Will he repeat from the Dispatch Box what he told his lawyers to argue in the High Court—that he believes that no genocide has occurred or is occurring in Gaza?
I have said that we are strongly opposed to, and appalled by, Israel’s recent actions.
We have been absolutely clear in condemning them and calling them out, whether that is the expansion of military operations, settler violence, or the dreadful blocking of aid—it is completely unacceptable.
We must see a ceasefire, hostages must be released, and there must be aid into Gaza.
However, the hon.
Gentleman talks about peace and security.
As I understand it, at this moment of global instability as we go into a new era, what does his party want to do?
It wants to get rid of the nuclear deterrent—the single most important capability that we have to keep the UK safe—harming the industry and harming the country.
Carnegie UK, which was established by Dunfermline-born philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, has found that people under 49 are twice as likely to have been negatively impacted by the rising cost of living as those over 65.
It is vital that we increase opportunities for younger people and help put more money in their pocket, but sadly this week, we saw the Scottish Government seek to close off an opportunity for young people by refusing to support new skills investment from Rolls-Royce, while the college sector in Scotland also warns of a funding crisis.
What more is the Prime Minister doing to ensure that young people in Scotland get the opportunities they deserve, despite a failing and stagnant SNP Scottish Government?