The Minister talks about regional growth, but in north-east Scotland we see only cost and decline under this Labour Government.
Let us take the oil and gas sector.
Labour policies will cost almost 35,000 jobs by the end of this decade, and £150 billion in economic income by 2050.
The UK-EU deal will cost fishermen in Scotland £6 billion.
Two thirds of Scottish farmers will be impacted by the family farm tax, with 48% of farms halting their investments, which again hits the rural businesses that would be supplying them?
Can the Minister name a single policy that this Labour Government have introduced that benefits regional growth in north-east Scotland?
I can reconfirm to the House that this Labour Government have delivered the largest real terms increase in funding for Scotland since devolution began.
Furthermore, may I politely point her to the fact that the announcement today is about England, not Scotland.
Further announcements on our commitment to delivering a new direction in Scotland will be coming next week in the spending review.
I very much welcome the Labour Government’s delivery of £1 billion of investment for the Tees Valley, and particularly the £60 million for the third platform at Middlesbrough station.
The money to increase the station’s capacity, which I hope will mean increasing the number of direct trains to London, will complement the recent modernisation works that have been completed, which I began campaigning on in 2018 with the then Middlesbrough Mayor, Dave Budd.
There are many priorities in which this money could be invested, including the repair of the iconic Transporter bridge, taking buses back into control à la Andy Burnham, and electrification of our rail line.
Can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury  set out the importance of combined authority mayors consulting with local authorities and local communities and making best use and best value of this award?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on securing this investment in his constituency.
The key difference of course being that when he started campaigning for it, we were under a Conservative Government, and now, under a Labour Government, we are delivering.
On his question about working with combined authority mayors, he is right to point out that the most effective combined authority mayors in England are those who work in partnership with their local Members of Parliament to ensure that every part of their authority area is heard and involved in decision making, and I encourage the Mayor of Teesside to do just that.
People in Cumbria, North Yorkshire and Durham are deeply concerned to see no mention at all in the Chancellor’s announcement of the A66 dualling project, which is vital to boosting the economy of the north and, more importantly, to saving lives.
There is not a penny for the northern two thirds of the north-west of England, so will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury allay Cumbria’s fears and commit now to the A66 upgrade?
I think the hon.
Member is slightly confused.
The statement today is about devolved transport funding to mayors for intra-city transport.
He is asking me questions on the broader spending in the Department for Transport, which will be announced in the spending review next Wednesday.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on an announcement that will make a huge difference to delivering the industrial strategy for this country—something that the Business and Trade Committee will report on later this week.
I particularly commend him for the £2.4 billion for the east Birmingham tram, which I have been campaigning on for 15 years.
It is crucial for connecting the impoverished part of east Birmingham to the extraordinary new growth opportunities created by HS2.
Will he just confirm today that this is only the first piece of the tram, and that, in future, we will finish the job?
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on securing that investment into Birmingham.
I recently visited part of that development and saw the enormous potential that will come for his constituents from connecting Birmingham city centre with the new sports quarter.
I am delighted to see how much private investment that investment is unlocking for his constituency and for the city.
The funding allocations have been devolved to mayors.
The announcements today are the announcements that mayors wish to make on some of the early allocations of the funding, and it will be for mayors to decide how they wish to allocate the rest of their funding.
I encourage my right hon.
Friend to work with the Mayor of the West Midlands, and I will help in any way I can to extend that and get the full benefit for his constituents.
I know that the Minister is drawing his parameters rather tightly today, but can he give us at least a hint of what impact the Treasury’s consideration anticipates for the defence investments in the regions resulting from the recent strategic defence review, given the closeness with which his Department was involved in the formulation of that review?