Glastonbury is experiencing a notable increase in antisocial behaviour.
St John’s church was recently forced to close its doors after gravestones were reportedly used as counters for drug transactions.
Constituents Peter and Melanie told me that people have been targeted with demands for money when collecting their pensions, leaving them feeling scared and overwhelmed.
The lawlessness is deterring tourists, and business owners have told me trade is suffering.
As visitors start to arrive ahead of the Glastonbury festival, could the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that he will give the police the additional resource that they need to tackle this threatening and menacing behaviour, and to reduce the devastating crime wave sweeping through the town?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise this matter.
Antisocial behaviour massively impacts on individuals and their communities, and that is why we are introducing 13,000 new neighbourhood police and giving them better powers—respect orders—so they can actually deal with what they see on the streets effectively.
It is very important that we take this seriously.
This time last year, Southend United football club almost went bankrupt, thanks to mismanagement by the former owner, but on Sunday they made it to Wembley for the national league play-off final.
Despite being beaten by Oldham Athletic at the eleventh hour, it was like the phoenix rising from the flames to see them on the pitch.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Southend United on their  outstanding recovery, and give me an assurance that the Government are doing all they can to make sure that no club ever again has to go through what our club went through?
Let me congratulate Southend on what was an incredible achievement; commiserations for the final result.
One of the police officers on my team is an ardent Southend supporter, so I know all about the team—and the plans and the stadium—and what it means, but I should also congratulate Oldham, of course, on that victory.
In 1999, the Prime Minister produced a book on “Miscarriages of Justice”, recommending ways of preventing them and of quickly putting them right.
In 2014, people who had been wrongly imprisoned and then exonerated were allowed compensation only if they could prove their innocence beyond reasonable doubt.
This ignored the decision of the court exonerating them, and meant that 93% of people who had been wrongfully imprisoned, and often had their lives destroyed, got no compensation whatsoever.
This is an institutional miscarriage of justice.
Will he instruct the Ministry of Justice to review this matter, and pay personal attention to getting this travesty of justice resolved?
The right hon.
Member raises a really important issue that I am obviously aware of.
It is right that victims of miscarriage can apply for compensation and appropriately do so, and I will take away what he says and have it looked at.
rose— Order.
Can  the hon.
Member for Pendle and Clitheroe (Jonathan Hinder)  please find a seat?
He cannot just stand there and have a conversation.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
This House and, indeed, the viewing public have just been treated to the very unfortunate spectacle of a Prime Minister who was completely unwilling to answer questions from the Leader of the Opposition—so much so that he entirely changed the subject.
Instead of referring to the two-child benefit cap, he started referring to the Kremlin and Russia.
I know that you, Mr Speaker, pay careful attention to the content of supplementary questions to make sure that they are within scope.
Could you give us some guidance on whether you may be able to control answers when they are wildly inappropriate?
As somebody who knows how this House runs, the right hon.
Member knows that I have no responsibility for the answers given by Ministers.
He has put his point on the record, but I have been in this House since 1997 and I can honestly say—we both can honestly say—that the scope has always been that we have questioned the answers, whoever has been at the Government Dispatch Box; so nothing has quite changed, but the point is on the record.
12.40 pm