We Liberal Democrats believe that when the economy is growing, every nation, every region and every person should feel and see the benefits, so we are pleased to see investment in public transport and public infrastructure, but I must ask the Minister: where is the plan and the money for rural areas?
He will remember that, at the Budget, we Liberal Democrats supported and welcomed the Government’s changes to the fiscal rules that allowed for borrowing and more productive investment, and we are delighted to see that one of the beneficiaries of today’s announcement is the Metrolink to Stockport, which is a testimony to the hard work of the Liberal Democrats, who have been campaigning on this for far longer than the mayor and the combined authority have even existed.
From Shropshire to the south-west, from Cumbria to Cornwall, and from Norfolk to Newton Abbot, rural areas once again feel as if they have been forgotten.
Will the Government therefore bring forward a rural growth strategy?
May I also ask the Minister about Wales?
We know that HS2 and the Oxford-Cambridge line have been designated England-Wales lines, as opposed to England-only lines.
Can he explain to the people of Wales why that has happened and why they are set to lose out on Barnett consequentials?
There is one big piece missing from the puzzle.
Many of us rightminded people want to see investment in infrastructure, but if we want to build stuff, we need skilled people to build it.
Will the Government now fix the apprenticeship levy so that it can be spent on skills and training?
When will the Government produce their skills strategy?
Why has Skills England been set up as an executive agency of the Department for Education rather than having employers at its heart, as was promised?
And why are the Government scrapping the level 7 apprenticeship when we know that it supports social mobility, including into engineering?
We welcome this investment into transport infrastructure, but that transport infrastructure will not build itself; we need the people skilled to do it.
I am pleased that the Liberal Democrats welcome today’s announcement, which is specifically about investment in city regions.
The House will know that, at the 2024 autumn Budget, the Chancellor said that this Labour Government are choosing investment over decline, which is why we are increasing investment in every part of the country.
Announcements outside of city regions will come next week at the spending review.
To some of the hon.
Lady’s broader questions on policy, I can tell her that we will debate the infrastructure strategy the week after that.
She will have to bear with me, but she should know that there is good news coming, because Labour is delivering.
I very much welcome the commitment to city regions.
Nationally, our city regions have underperformed on growth compared with continental cities.
On South Yorkshire, I welcome the £1.5 billion to restore and renew our tram network and to improve our bus services, but I understand from the mayor that discussions are still under way about a tram-train project to link Stocksbridge in the north to Beighton and Woodhouse in my constituency in the south.
That project will unlock sites for housing and employment growth.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to give further consideration to discussions with the mayor to unlock that extra funding for those growth projects?
As my hon.
Friend has mentioned, the Mayor of South Yorkshire has been given £1.5 billion, which is in line with our commitment to devolution and to city region mayors.
It is for the mayor to decide how that money is spent.
As my hon.
Friend suggests, the mayor has announced that some of this money will be allocated to the tram network, but it will be for the mayor and the combined authority to decide how to use the balance of this funding for other projects in the region.
As always, I am very happy to meet him and the mayor to consider what options are available.
I recognise the importance of assisting the city regions to boost the economy, but my Brigg and Immingham constituency covers the south bank of the Humber, which is home to a cluster of energy businesses that are of particular importance to the renewables sector.
Can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury outline what resources will be made available for that area to support improvements both in rail connections and also to the A180, which provides access to the major port of Immingham?
The Government recognise the strategic importance of the hon.
Member’s region to the UK economy.
This will be reflected in the industrial strategy when it is published in the coming weeks, alongside our other plans.
On his specific question, announcements for funding outside of the Transport for City Regions funding will be made at the spending review next Wednesday.
Twenty years ago, when first standing for election, I was told to limit my ambitions with regard to campaigning to bring the Metro to Washington, but I persisted and now, thanks to this Labour Government and the new Mayor of the North East, my ambition is going to be realised.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that that is the difference that Labour in government can make and that what we are seeing is promise made and promise delivered?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her decades of campaigning for that project.
I also welcome her suggestion that this is a Labour Government delivering the change that they promised to the country, but may I add to that and say that it is also the difference that brilliant Labour MPs can make in their constituencies campaigning for change for their constituents?
I offer many congratulations to my hon.
Friend, and I hope that she will be able to cut the ribbon when the lines are up and running.