The Prime Minister clearly has selective amnesia.
I asked him three questions about the winter fuel payment two weeks ago and he was floundering.
The fact is he has not answered the question I asked him; he cannot tell us who will get the payments.
All we see is U-turn after U-turn—his head must be spinning.
Will he apologise now, including to his own Back Benchers, for taking the payments away in the first place?
Can he tell us how he will pay for this?
We took the right decisions at the Budget because we needed to stabilise the economy.
The right hon.
Lady needs to apologise for the fact that the Conservatives left the economy in a terrible state, with a mini-Budget that blew up the economy, and we were left with a £22 billion black hole.
When she gets up, perhaps she should apologise for that.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has said there was no such black hole.
The Prime Minister has just given away £30 billion for the Chagos islands—that is his black hole.
He has not stabilised the economy.
Borrowing prices are higher now than at any time in the last Parliament.
He has not stabilised the economy.
He has no clear answers on what he is doing.
It is just chaos, chaos, chaos.
He keeps making announcements with no detail.
Let’s move to another area of confusion.
Can we get a simple answer: will the Government keep the two-child benefit cap?
I am absolutely determined that we will drive down child poverty.
That is one of the proudest things of the last Labour Government.
That is why we have a taskforce and that is why we have a  strategy, and we will set out that strategy in due course.
But we drive child poverty down; under the Conservatives, poverty always goes up.
I did not ask the Prime Minister about a taskforce.
I asked him if he will keep the two-child benefit cap, and he does not know—it is just chaos and uncertainty.
He has no details.
He is briefing something and causing a lot of confusion to the people out there.
On that two-child benefit cap, I tell him this: I believe in family, but I also believe in fairness.
On the Conservative side of the House, we believe that people on benefits should have to make the same choices on having children as everyone else.
What does the Prime Minister believe?
I believe profoundly in driving down poverty and child poverty.
That is why we will put a strategy in place.
But the right hon.
Lady talks about heads spinning.
There is only one leader who been praised this week by the Russian embassy.
If she carries on echoing Kremlin talking points like this, Reform will be sending her an application form for membership.
I asked the Prime Minister what he believes in.
He had to look in his folder to find the answer.
His MPs behind him know what they believe in—he does not know.
He has been in government for nearly a year.
It will only get harder and harder.
The canned, forced laughter, the planted questions—all that will disappear because at every single point things are getting worse.
He has to ask Morgan McSweeney what it is that he believes in, but the fact is that chaos is being felt in the economy.
The Chancellor said she would not be coming back with new tax rises, but she will have to pay for all these U-turns she is announcing out there, won’t she?
I am going to look in my folder because here I have the quote that the right hon.
Lady said on Sky News—[Interruption.]
I will read it, thank you.
[Laughter.]
It is what the Leader of the Opposition said—it is worth listening to.
She said: “Israel is fighting a proxy war on behalf of the UK, just like Ukraine is on behalf of Western Europe against Russia.”
Well, that was certainly noticed in the Russian embassy because they put out a statement saying that the Leader of the Opposition has “finally called a spade a spade”.
It said: “Ukraine is indeed fighting a proxy war against Russia on behalf of Western interests”.
It went on to say: “The illegitimate Kyiv regime, created, financed and armed by the West, has been at it since 2014.”
So they endorsed—[Interruption.]
They want the detail; I have given the quote.
That is what Russia said in response.
She asked me what I believe in.
I believe in standing by Ukraine and calling out Russia as the aggressor.
It was our Government that stood behind Ukraine and led the way in Europe.
Everything the Prime Minister has said this afternoon is total nonsense, obfuscation, and avoiding the question.
He does not have any answers.
It is disgraceful.
I asked the Prime Minister about the two-child benefit cap; he is talking about the Kremlin.
He is saying everything he can to distract from the mess he is making of our economy.
The OECD has downgraded growth for the next two years.
He cannot rule out tax rises.
Police chiefs are saying that they do not have the money they need to keep the public safe, just as he is releasing more criminals on to the streets.
His Cabinet are squabbling with each other, and they said that they have lost control of the borders, but he still managed to find £30 billion to give away the Chagos islands.
This is total and utter chaos.
Two weeks ago, he was crowing about his historic trade deal and how he got zero per cent tariffs on steel.
Now the steel industry will face 25% tariffs unless he does exactly what President Trump tells him to.
It is chaos, chaos, chaos—and isn’t the root of the chaos that it is about this Prime Minister, his decisions and his judgment?
The only advice—[Interruption.]
She gets up on a Wednesday morning, scrolls through social media and never does any of the detail.
We are the only country in the world that is not paying the 50% tax on steel, and we are working on the rest.
That will be coming down.
She—[Interruption.]
We are working to bring it down to zero; that is going to happen.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Please, let us listen to the answer, even if you do not believe you are getting one.
It is how the Prime Minister wishes to do it.
She opposes the US deal, she opposes the India deal, she opposes what we are doing with the EU, and she opposes Diego Garcia.
That is a vital intelligence and strategic capability, and it is absolutely clear that legal uncertainty would compromise that capability in a very short time.
No responsible Prime Minister would ever let that happen.
We have secured the long-term basis for the base.
That has been welcomed by the US, NATO, Australia, New Zealand and India.
They are our allies.
It has been opposed by our adversaries, Russia, China and Iran—and into that column we have Reform, presumably following Putin, and the Tories following Reform.
Anyone who saw the six-year-old girl fleeing the flaming shelter where her family were killed by an Israeli air strike will carry those horrific images with them forever.
These are very dark days.
Gaza is a stain on the soul of humanity, and it is a further shame that there is more moral clarity coming from Ms Rachel on YouTube than from many world leaders, who are complicit in silence.
The Prime Minister said this week that Britain must be ready for war.
I ask: after tens of thousands of deaths, after a generation of Gazans stunted by hunger and trauma, when will it be ready for peace?
When will it help to stop this genocide?
When will it hold the Israeli Government to account, and when will it recognise the state of Palestine?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this.
She is absolutely right to describe these as dark days.
Israel’s recent action is appalling and, in my view, counterproductive and intolerable.
We have strongly opposed the expansion of military operations and settler violence, and the blocking of humanitarian  aid.
The House will have seen that we have suspended the free trade agreement talks and sanctioned extremists supporting violence in the west bank.
We will keep looking at further action, along with our allies, including sanctions, but let me be absolutely clear: we need to get back to a ceasefire, we need the hostages, who have been held for a very long time, to be released, and we desperately need more aid, at speed and at volume, into Gaza, because it is an appalling and intolerable situation.