During recess, I visited Scottish Action for Mental Health’s Redhall walled garden, which I am proud to say is in Edinburgh South West.
It has operated for decades as a therapeutic horticultural centre, supporting adults with mental health problems.
Like similar community mental health services across Scotland, it is now under threat: it faces potential closure due to chronic underfunding of integrated joint boards by the SNP Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that facilities such as Redhall walled garden should have been a priority for the SNP when deciding how to spend the record funding settlement that Scottish Labour MPs won for Scotland?
What my hon.
Friend describes is how health services in Scotland are utterly broken under the SNP, whether it is people waiting too long for mental health support in his constituency, or the Wishaw neonatal unit in Hamilton, which the SNP is threatening to downgrade.
In 2021, the SNP Government said they would recruit 1,000 more community mental health workers.
They utterly failed to do so.
If they had a plan to fix Scotland’s NHS, they would have done it by now.
Scotland needs a change of direction.
Sir Jon Cunliffe’s interim report, published yesterday, laid out the fundamental changes needed for our water sector.
That is felt no more acutely than in my constituency of Chichester.
We have a harbour that is in an unfavourable, declining condition and sewage is blighting our tourism industry.
With water bills from Southern Water rising by 47% for my constituents, can the Prime Minister tell them when they can expect to see the real change that this Government promised and our waterways cleaned up for good?
I share the hon.
Member’s anger and frustration at the broken water system that we inherited, with frankly appalling sewage, higher bills and executives paying themselves huge bonuses.
The era of being rewarded for failure is over.
We have launched a record 81 criminal investigations into lawbreaking water companies in England, and we have introduced the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, with prison sentences for polluting bosses and the banning of unfair bonuses.
We will respond to the independent water commission in full following the publication of the final report.
The proposed Hemel health campus, a partnership between the NHS and the council, presents a perfect opportunity to deliver on Labour’s commitment to neighbourhood-based care, bringing services closer to where people live, in facilities designed around their needs.
It can also help to regenerate our town centre.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is essential that all stakeholders involved in the project are as ambitious as possible and work to deliver a community hospital that builds on the services currently available and reflects the evolving needs of our town?
I pay tribute to how my hon.
Friend is bringing people together to deliver better care in the community that meets the needs of his constituents.
The proposals for the health campus will be open to public consultation.
I urge the whole community to input into that, to ensure the strongest investment case is put forward.
I am pleased that waiting lists in his local trust have fallen by a fifth since March 2024, because of the investment that we have put into the NHS.
That, of course, was opposed by the parties on the Opposition Benches.
Over the past few months, I have been meeting care providers in my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon who deliver essential and expert care to some of my most vulnerable constituents.
However, like so many small businesses, they are under huge financial pressures, and the hike in national insurance is yet another burden many cannot afford.
I welcome the Government’s partial U-turn on winter fuel payment cuts following pressure from those on the Liberal Democrat Benches.
When will the Prime Minister offer relief to care providers and other small businesses and U-turn on the punitive hike to national insurance?
We announced £502 million to support local authorities to manage the changes in NICs.
We have put in £3.7 billion in additional funding for social care, doubled the disabled facilities grant and introducing the first ever fair pay agreement for professional carers, including minimum standards for pay.
I gently say to the hon.
Member that her party opposed the Budget that provides the money for the funding.
They cannot keep asking for more spending and oppose a Budget that raises the money.
The first constituent to reach out to me was a brave Bolsover mummy who had waited four years and five months, from rape to prosecution, with three postponements and multiple suicide attempts.
I will do everything I can to use this Chamber to speak out for women who are being so badly let down.
How will the Prime Minister support me to ensure that when these survivors—these formidable women—across the country come forward, they will get justice and there will be space in our prisons for the perpetrators?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue so powerfully and for everything that she is doing on it?
The case she has outlined is utterly shameful, and far too many victims are waiting too long for justice.
We are delivering a record number of sitting  days and reviewing criminal courts to speed up the hearing of these cases, and we have a mission to halve violence against women and girls.
My hon.
Friend talks about the prison system.
The Conservatives left the prison system on the brink of collapse and routinely operating at 99% of capacity, because in 14 long years they added just 500 extra places.
We will deliver 14,000 new prison places so that the public are protected from these vile offenders.
The  Prime Minister told us during the general election that he is a socialist.
What has been more surprising is to find out in the last couple of weeks that the leader of the Reform party might be one too.
As the Chancellor locks down the spending review, will the Prime Minister please remind her of Mrs Thatcher’s all-too-pertinent observation that the trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people’s money?
Was it Kwasi Kwarteng that the hon.
Gentleman replaced?
Now he stands there to give lectures on economic prudence—you couldn’t script it!
The difference between the Labour Government and the parties opposite is that we believe in properly costing our plans.
Reform has £80 billion-worth of unfunded commitments—Liz Truss 2.0.
Blackpool’s own boxing champion, Brian Rose, uses his gym to tackle knife crime and antisocial behaviour and to give young people a safe space, demonstrating the significant impact of amateur gyms.
Thousands of amateur gyms up and down the country operate on a shoestring and cannot afford to keep their lights on, and they are reliant on brilliant charities such as Maverick Stars, Empire Fighting Chance and Matchroom in the Community.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking those charities and praising the volunteers, and will he throw a haymaker behind these gyms, giving them the knock-out support they need to continue their vital work?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of how amateur boxing gyms can transform both physical and mental health, as well as confidence, in young people.
The time given by selfless volunteers is inspiring, and we should thank them for it.
England Boxing is investing £9 million in the sport and GB Boxing will also receive more than £12 million during the next Olympic games cycle, and I know that my hon.
Friend will be looking forward to Liverpool hosting the inaugural world boxing championships in September.
Since July, health services in my constituency have got worse.
The Chase hospital may close, the promised health hub in Bordon has not arrived, and this week we have learned that in-patient wards in Haslemere are being closed because of a lack of GP cover.
The Prime Minister promised hundreds more GPs.
Could he possibly send one or two of them to Farnham and Bordon?
I remind myself that the Conservatives left the NHS on its knees: the last Labour Government brought waiting lists down to record lows,  and they drove them up to record highs; the last Labour Government had the highest possible confidence in the NHS, and they dragged it down to the lowest ever level.
Because of the money that we are putting in, we have done 3 million extra appointments in the first year of a Labour Government—that is the difference that Labour makes in power.
The Environment Agency predicts that 8 million homes—one in four in England—could be at risk of flooding by 2050.
Despite this, the Conservative party presided over a tripling of the proportion of our flood defences that are deemed “not adequate”.
By contrast, this Labour Government are investing over £2.6 billion in new flood defences, including on the Greenway in my Hendon constituency.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is a shame that not all parties share this Government’s determination to keep homes safe from flooding?