There is strong evidence that Russia has sought to influence the outcome of elections in Georgia, Moldova and Romania, and it may now be doing so in Germany.
Is the Foreign Secretary confident that the current measures to track Russian money and misinformation in the UK is sufficient to protect the UK from similar interference, and does he think that the role of Russian money in funding UK political parties should be investigated to ensure that our elections remain free and fair?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the important work of the defending democracy taskforce, which works across Government here in the United Kingdom.
We closely monitor developments in other countries; we have stood alongside our European partners, including Moldova specifically, in response to these efforts at interference; and of course, we recently appointed Margaret Hodge as our illicit finance and kleptocracy champion, to tackle many of the issues the hon.
Gentleman has raised in relation to money.
It is now over a year since Imran Khan was imprisoned in Pakistan.
Since then, there have been reports of widespread intimidation and human rights abuses.
Can the Minister set out what steps the UK Government are taking to protect human rights, democracy and the rule of law in Pakistan?
The UK Government consistently urge Pakistani authorities to act in line with their international obligations and respect fundamental freedoms and human rights.
I raised these issues during my visit to Pakistan in November and in my statement to the House on  28 November .
We issued a further statement on  23 December  about the role of military courts.
We have made it clear that the UK supports individuals’ rights to freedom of assembly and expression, and we will continue to do so.
Why are the Government acting with such dispatch to secure the agreement with Mauritius?
What is the rush?
As I have said in the House on many occasions, there is no rush.
[Interruption.]
No, it is a fact that negotiations on this issue were going on for two years under the previous Government, with 10 rounds of failed negotiations.
We have secured a deal that is in all of our interests and, crucially, secures our base and our national security interests and those of our allies on Diego Garcia.
Violence in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo is escalating, with both the March 23 group and Government forces claiming recent advances.
The toll on civilians is devastating, with rising deaths, displacement, rape and gender-based violence.
Can the Minister outline how the Government are supporting the Angolan-led Luanda process towards a ceasefire?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the deeply concerning ongoing conflict in eastern DRC and its devastating consequences.
Our humanitarian programme, which amounts to £114 million, is delivering lifesaving emergency assistance, and I can reassure her that Lord Collins has met with the leaders of DRC and Rwanda to urge them to engage in good faith in the Luanda process, to bring an end to the horrific fighting.