I met the Foreign Minister of Greenland yesterday, which was the second time I have met her in the past four months.
We discussed a range of issues, including security in the Arctic, our partnership, our trade partnership and our close engagement on a number of matters, including climate change, science and other areas.
Our partnership with Greenland is strong, as is our partnership with Denmark.
I refer the hon.
Member to the comments I made on Greenland’s future, which is a matter for the people of Greenland and the people of the Kingdom of Denmark.
We have millions shoehorned into a confined prison, hundreds of communities destroyed, thousands of people indiscriminately killed and lifesaving humanitarian aid being blocked.
Will the Foreign Secretary show consistency, judge Israel on its actions and at last define what Netanyahu’s apartheid regime is doing to Palestinians as a genocide?
We have set out our position on the designation of genocide, so I will not enter into that discussion again, but I will respond to my hon.
Friend on the questions of aid access, on which a ministerial colleague has spoken already and on which we have been consistent.
We are clear that not enough aid is getting into Gaza, and we have been clear with the Israeli Government on our difference on the conduct of hostilities and of aid access.
Do the Government deny that incoming President Trump is deeply hostile to the proposed Chagos Islands giveaway?
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand that we have support across the United States Administration, including from the Pentagon, the State Department, the agencies and the White House.
We are confident that as the details of the deal are provided in the proper way—one Administration at a  time, as he well knows—the new Administration will recognise that this important deal protects our security and that of the United States, as well as the unimpeded operation of the base on Diego Garcia, which has been our primary objective throughout this process.
(Urgent question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the national security risk of drones being used to deliver weapons to high-security prisons.
This is not a new issue.
Effective prison security is fundamental to the rehabilitative nature of prisons and ensuring public confidence in the criminal justice system.
The availability of illicit items in our jails, including drugs and mobile phones, undermines prison officers’ ability to do their jobs.
Drone sightings around prisons in England and Wales are a matter of great concern and pose a major threat to prison security.
The Government inherited a prison system in crisis, with violence and drug use on the rise.
We are working hard to deter, detect and disrupt the use of drones.
It is not possible to talk in detail of the tactics we use to disrupt drones, given the obvious security implications.
What I can say is that His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service invests in targeted countermeasures such as improvements to windows, netting and grilles to stop drones from successfully delivering cargo such as drugs and weapons.
In January 2024, restricted fly zones were introduced around all closed prisons and young offender institutions, supporting police and prison staff to disrupt illegal drone use.
Ultimately, it is crucial that we tackle demand.
Almost half of people entering prisons have a drug problem, so we must get them into the right treatment to tackle the drug misuse that is so often a driver of their reoffending.
Contraband supply and the illicit economy drive violence, self-harm and instability, and prevent offenders from engaging in rehabilitative activity.
We are working to crack down on the levels of violence and drugs in our prisons.
The illicit economy is unfortunately highly profitable, with prices for drugs and other commodities between 10 and 100 times their street values—an A4 sheet of paper laced with drugs can be worth £1,000—so we must tackle the organised crime gangs behind it.
That is why we have invested in a dedicated serious and organised crime unit who will work with law enforcement agencies to disrupt these sophisticated criminal networks.
We will continue to take a multifaceted approach to drones and the disruption that they cause to our prison system.
Given that this is a question of national security, I find it astonishing that the Lord Chancellor cannot be bothered to turn up to the House today.
Yesterday—[Interruption.]
Order.
We do not need any more of that.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Yesterday, the chief inspector of prisons warned that the police and prisons service have “ceded the airspace” above two high-security prisons to organised crime groups.
The result is that organised crime gangs can deliver drugs, phones and weapons such as zombie knives to inmates with impunity due to the absence of basic security measures such as functional CCTV, protective  netting and window repairs.
Across two visits in September and October, he described a damning picture of thriving illicit economies that jeopardise the safety of dedicated prison staff.
In HMP Manchester, almost four in 10 prisoners have tested positive in mandatory drug tests, and in HMP Long Lartin the figure was nearly three in 10.
Those two prisons hold some of the most dangerous men in our country, including murderers and terrorists.
If organised crime gangs can deliver phones and drugs to inmates’ cells, they could be delivering serious weapons and explosives as well.
The chief inspector said that the potential for escapes or hostage taking is of enormous concern.
This could not be more serious.
The situation has become, in his words, “a threat to national security.”
I do not pretend that these problems are entirely new, but they have deteriorated and they need urgent action.
Will the Minister provide the timeframes for fixing the most basic security measures?
What visits has the Lord Chancellor made to HMP Manchester and HMP Long Lartin?
If she has not visited, when does she intend to go?
Little else could be more pressing.
What discussions has she held with the prison governors?
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government have confidence in the senior management to restore order?
Does he agree with the chief inspector that the failure to grip the situation is a serious indictment of the Department?
Who had 14 years to grip this situation?
At least this Government are taking action—[Interruption.]
Order.
This Government are taking action in the first six months.
The right hon.
Member will know that drone sightings around prisons increased by over 770% between 2019 and 2023—on his Government’s watch.
Much like everything in our prisons, his Government have left it to us to fix the broken system and clean up their mess.
It is a bit rich for him to come here and lecture us when he had 14 years to put this right.
We are installing new CCTV systems, netting and other countermeasures to combat drones.
We have clamped down on the contraband that fuels violence behind bars.
We are tackling drones through a cross-Government approach, as well as learning from our international counterparts to support our efforts.
We are working with our Five Eyes partners—they face the same issues across their prison estates, because this is not a UK problem but a global problem—along with the Home Office and the Ministry of Defence.
We have 99 X-ray body scanners in 96 prisons, providing full coverage of the closed adult male estate, to prevent the internal smuggling of illicit contraband.
We are taking action while the Opposition just spout.