I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that.
I know he shares our deep concern about the impact of restrictions on aid, which we have particularly seen feeding through into the famine assessment from the IPC—integrated food security phase classification—that came out at the end of last year.
There must be, above all, a permanent opening of crossings.
We were, of course, pleased to see the Adre crossing open for three months, but it must be opened permanently.
We also need to see cross-line availability of aid.
We need to have the warring parties focused on humanitarian need, not on pursuing a war that they both appear to think they can win but as a result of which civilians are suffering appallingly.
Following on from the question from  the right hon.
Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale (David Mundell) , I welcome the Government’s ongoing support for the humanitarian effort in Sudan and the wider region, but does the Minister share my concern that aid risks not reaching those who need it most?
Will she continue to put pressure on Sudan for the Adre crossing to be kept open permanently, so that vital aid can get to those who need it most?
Could she update the House on what steps she is taking in that area?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for being so clear about the challenges around aid coming into Sudan and then being delivered to those who so desperately need it.
We will keep pushing on the need for the Adre crossing to remain open.
We will also keep pushing on the need for aid workers to be protected within Sudan and for UN staff to be able to access Sudan.
Of course, we will work with those on the ground, particularly the emergency response rooms, which are delivering essential mutual aid.
What steps he is taking with international partners to help increase UK economic growth.
The UK and India’s Prime Ministers have committed to an ambitious refresh of the comprehensive strategic partnership.
They announced that the UK-India trade talks will relaunch, which will deliver our joint ambition to take the UK-India relationship to even greater heights, and India is one of a handful of countries that will determine whether we meet the global warming limit of 1.5° C.
This is indeed an exciting year to help improve our economic growth and our trading relationship with India.
We are two nations with an intertwined history and common democratic ideals, and we face the risks of a dangerous world and a warming planet.
I co-chair the India all-party parliamentary group, and one of my priorities is to strengthen our economic and strategic relationship.
Can the Secretary of State outline what he will do to help get a good UK-India trade deal over the line, including the exchange of green technologies to help prevent and reduce the warming of our planet?
It was important to get to India just a few weeks into office.
I might pray in aid my great-grandmother on my mother’s side, who was from Calcutta.
I look forward to inviting Foreign Minister Jaishankar to Britain later in the spring.
It is important that we have a strategic partnership going forward.
We have relaunched the free trade agreement—we have said that it is a floor, not a ceiling on our ambition—and it was important that a delegation of Indian businessmen met the Chancellor of the Exchequer, me and the Prime Minister just a few weeks before Christmas.
Among our greatest UK exports are our culture and our creative industries, so I am keen to hear what conversations the Foreign Secretary has had with international counterparts—not only to improve the opportunity for British artists to tour, particularly post Brexit, but to take advantage of the appetite for bilateral cultural agreements, which has been articulated by a number of our overseas counterparts.
The hon.
Lady will be pleased that we will very shortly launch our new soft power council, specifically to look in detail at this issue.
I was pleased to secure further funding for the BBC World Service in the spending review, which was very important.
As we move forward with our reset, we continue to discuss, particularly with European allies, what more we can do for touring artists.