The lesson is that we need to work with prison governors and the police and invest in actions to deal with the problem.
That is exactly what we are doing.
We are working with everybody in the system to sort this mess out.
Apart from the serious security concerns that this activity raises, it shows that prisons bring resource pressures for local police forces.
In West Suffolk, where Highpoint prison  is due to grow significantly in the years ahead, the police have asked me to ask the Minister to ensure they receive additional funding to reflect that pressure.
Will he do so?
The hon.
Member is right that it is important that local police forces work strongly with HM Prison and Probation Service on this issue.
That is what is happening.
He will know that funding, both locally and nationally, is dealt with in an appropriate way.
The Prison Officers’ Association has been saying for the past five years that the threat of drones destabilises our prisons and poses a massive security risk.
Let me draw the Minister’s attention to the anti-drone system at HMP Guernsey, which very effectively prevents that threat.
Can we expect this new system to be implemented in all prisons in England and Wales?
Anything that works will be built upon—that is part of it.
Drone technology has been accelerated through the Ukraine war.
We know that we need to work very hard to keep ahead of the felons on this.
We all appreciate the destructive impact of drugs in our prisons.
In Stone, Great Wyrley and Penkridge, we have the largest cluster of prisons in the United Kingdom, with HMP Featherstone, HMP Oakwood and Brinsford young offender institution.
Prison officers do an amazing job trying to tackle this issue, but what specific measures can the Minister bring forward to support their work, to try to ensure that prisoners ultimately get on to the path of rehabilitation and kick the habit of drugs?
The right hon.
Member is right that prison officers do an outstanding job.
I want to take the opportunity to commend the work of prison officers up and down this country.
Eighty prisons now have incentivised substance-free living units, providing a supportive environment for prisoners who commit to living drug-free, with regular drug tests and incentives.
That project appears to be working.
There has been a long-standing issue at Wandsworth prison in my constituency, which has multiple drone drops every single week.
Given the lack of CCTV, no netting and high staff vacancies, little can be done to combat them.
Following the announcement of a £100 million investment into the prison, will the Minister please ensure that all these issues are addressed and ameliorated?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to work hard to address these issues, but if there were a simple solution, the previous Administration would have waved that magic wand and we would not be sitting here today.
It is important that the ongoing work of prison governors, supported by HMPPS across the country and by Ministers, gets to the bottom of this and sorts things out, which is what we are trying to do.
LiveLink Aerospace in my constituency is a surveillance company that has created a technology that is being used on Royal Navy ships, in airports and on private yachts.
This technology could be crucial to maintaining the no-fly zones above prisons, which were introduced in January last year.
Will the Minister explore this technology?
Will he come to my constituency to visit LiveLink Aerospace and see what the technology can do?
It is important that we take advantage of what intelligence is out there.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me, I will be happy to follow that up appropriately with her and the business involved.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative party left our prisons in crisis, with drug and drone use rife?
Will he outline the urgent steps that his Government are taking to ensure that such colossal failure can never happen again?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We inherited a prison estate that was 99.7% full.
The police and the courts were in danger of not being able to lock people up.
That was an abrogation of duty by the Conservative party.
We have rolled up our sleeves and tackled that, and we will tackle this problem as well.