As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Honiton and Sidmouth (Richard Foord)  pointed out, President-elect Trump has threatened to use force to seize the Panama canal and Greenland, and he has promised tariffs of 25% on Canada and Mexico.
Whatever else we can predict about the presidency that begins next Monday, we know that it will be unpredictable.
May I therefore ask the Minister what steps his Government has taken to Trump-proof UK foreign policy so that we cannot be held hostage in the security, economic or climate realm by a President who puts short-term deals ahead of long-term relationships, and what specific steps the Government have taken to accelerate an improvement in the UK’s relationship with European partners since  5 November ?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, he knows very well the commitments that we have made to European security through NATO—and, indeed, through our reset of relations not only with the European Union but across Europe—and the leadership that we have shown in, for example, tackling the Russian shadow fleet by working with partners across Europe, a process that we began at the European Political Community summit.
The special relationship endures—it has endured, and it will continue to endure—and we look forward to working with President-elect Trump and his team on a range of issues.
I have already given an answer in relation to Greenland; in relation to Panama, we respect the Torrijos–Carter treaties and recognise the important role that Panama plays in world trade.
What steps his Department is taking to support the victims of the humanitarian crisis in Sudan.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
The UK will continue to use all diplomatic avenues to press the warring parties in Sudan into a permanent ceasefire, to enable unrestricted humanitarian access and to protect civilians.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the humanitarian support that the Government are giving to Sudan.
We also recognise that greater protections are needed for women, children and ethnic minority groups.
In the light of the failure of the United Nations to back safe areas, what is the UK doing to create safe zones for schools and hospitals in Sudan?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s support for the measures the UK Government have been taking.
Clearly, there are dreadful problems when it comes to civilian protection in Sudan.
The UK put forward a resolution to the Security Council, with Sierra Leone, focused on the protection of civilians.
It was appalling that Russia vetoed that resolution.
We will continue to use every avenue available to us to promote their safety.