As the House would expect, we follow reports of such incidents in Syria very closely.
I was discussing some of those incidents with members of Syrian civil society just last night, and the Foreign Secretary has raised those questions directly with the interim Foreign Minister of the Syrian authorities.
We will continue to call for all parties in Syria, in this moment of transition, to do the utmost to respect the rights of all religious minorities across the country.
Minorities can be protected only if there is stable and representative government in Syria.
This morning I met some members of the Syrian Democratic Council who are concerned that the call for dialogue is not inclusive and that minorities are not being protected.
What steps can the Government take to ensure that that does not happen and that there is inclusive dialogue?
Will the Government, for example, link the lifting of sanctions against Syria to the actions to protect minorities and to the inclusion of the Syrian Democratic Council in future constitutional arrangements?
It is vital that the new Syria includes representation of all its people and that all Syrians can see themselves represented in the Government that will follow.
We are supporting an inclusive political process that must respect the rights of ethnic and religious minorities, and we will continue in our efforts.
What diplomatic steps he is taking with international partners to help tackle illegal migration to the UK.
As I made clear in my Locarno speech on  9 January , tackling irregular migration is an FCDO priority.
We regularly engage with counterparts in priority countries to strengthen collaboration on tackling organised crime and to secure migrant returns.
The proposed sanctions on people smugglers are a world first, designed to deter and disrupt those vile criminals and the supply chain that enables them.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is an important step in smashing the gangs?
The sanctions are the first of their kind, and we hope that other allies will follow us in going after the enablers of the gangs and with the ability to issue travel bans, freeze assets and do all we can to disrupt this illegal trade.
But I emphasise that alongside the sanctions are the new joint unit in the Department; the huge amount of work we have done on returns, which are important and which are up by 23% across the country; and the work we do upstream with the official development assistance funding of £84 million announced as we came into government back in July.
Whether he plans to celebrate the 250th anniversary of the US Declaration of Independence.
I first would like to offer my deep condolences to all those affected by the dreadful wildfires we have seen in California and, indeed, in relation to the terror attacks we saw in Las Vegas and New Orleans, where tragically we also lost a British national.
I know the thoughts of the whole House are with the United States at this difficult time.
The 250th anniversary of US independence will be a significant moment to recognise the work of generations of Americans and Britons over a quarter of a millennium to build the special relationship.
We have come a long way since 1776, and I am excited by the ambitious US plans to mark the occasion, and I look forward to celebrating our partnership and our special relationship in 2026.
I join the Minister in his opening comments.
The 250th anniversary of the declaration of independence presents a unique opportunity to promote cultural and historical links between Northern Ireland and the United States, because at least five signatories of the declaration have direct Ulster links.
The declaration itself was printed by an Ulster Scot—John Dunlap from Strabane.
The great seal of the United States was designed by Charles Thomson from Upperlands, and 17 of the US Presidents can claim Ulster Scots roots.
However, the Government’s introduction of an electronic travel authorisation scheme will have a devastating impact on tourism— Order.
The anniversary will have passed if we don’t get to the end—come on.
We learn new things every day.
I am delighted to hear about the heritage of the hon.
Gentleman’s part of the world in relation to the United States.
My own family dates back to the late 1700s in Pennsylvania—we are not sure which side they fought on.
Later, my grandfather came over during the second world war to fight alongside us against Nazi tyranny in Europe.
Those special relationship are part of all our communities and families, and we absolutely want to celebrate them across all our countries.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are strengthening our work abroad on the priorities of the British people to deliver the Government’s plan for change.
We are the first country in the world to develop a sanctions regime specifically targeting illegal migration.
Our reforms will strengthen the Foreign Office role in attracting investment and securing new business deals.
Our tough diplomacy will keep up support for Ukraine and bring stability to the middle east.