Leaving aside whether it is wise to spend £9 billion on giving away what is already yours, given that the Trump Administration is now less than a week away, would it not be wise to wait another week, pause these negotiations, have a quiet word with the incoming American Secretary of State, and then work out what is in our interests and those of our closest ally?
I simply refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the answers we have given previously on this issue.
There is strong support from across the US national security apparatus—from the State Department, from the White House and from the Pentagon.
We are convinced that this is a deal that has protections in it to protect our national security and that of our allies, most importantly the United States.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests regarding my recent trip to Kosovo.
While I was in Kosovo, I met the President and the Prime Minister, who were seriously concerned about incursions across their northern border, where Kosovo Force troops are based between Kosovo and Serbia.
Can Ministers please provide a progress update as to the bilateral security agreement between Kosovo and the United Kingdom?
That peace was hard-won and must be retained.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about our historical role and responsibilities in relation to Kosovo.
KFOR makes a vital contribution to maintaining a safe and secure environment in Kosovo, and of course UK troops play a key part in that.
We engage very closely with our partners in Kosovo and across the region, and continue to urge Serbia and Kosovo to engage constructively in the EU-facilitated dialogue.
In recent months, I have spoken to both Prime Minister Kurti and Foreign Minister Đurić of Serbia.
Wimbledon has one of the largest Korean populations in the UK, and there is widespread concern in the community about the ongoing situation in South Korea.
Can the Foreign Secretary tell the House what communications, if any, the Government have had with acting President Choi or suspended President Yoon concerning the current situation?
The UK Government have been in touch with the South Koreans, our great friends, and we continue to support the arrangements there, any democratic moves towards stability and the ongoing relationship with the UK.
The Israeli Government have stated that Israel’s presence in the Golan heights buffer zone is defensive, limited and temporary.
Given that the Israeli Cabinet has recently approved a financial package to increase the number of illegal settlements in the Golan heights, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the veracity of Israel’s statement?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased that I raised this issue directly with the Israeli Foreign Minister yesterday.
He wanted to emphasise that this is a temporary measure in Israel’s national interests, and I emphasised that the Syrian Foreign Minister had made it clear to me that the Syrians stand by the 1974 commitment and do not want to seek any escalation with their Israeli neighbour.
Tower Hamlets planning officers have rejected China’s application to build a super-embassy there, but rather than put this through the appeals process that anyone else would have to go through, the Foreign Secretary has got the Deputy Prime Minister to call in that application.
My question to the Foreign Secretary is: why the special treatment?
Does he not realise how dodgy it is going to look if she does finally decide for China?
I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that all due process has been followed in the normal way.
This is the same as any planning application, and the implication of what he has just said in relation to the Deputy Prime Minister is quite unsavoury.
Will the Foreign Secretary update us on the representations that he and the Prime Minister have made to the President of Egypt to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah?
His mother Laila, who is with us in the Gallery today, has gone beyond 100 days on hunger strike, and we are desperate to secure the release of Alaa.
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
The Prime Minister wrote to President Sisi on  26 December  and  8 January .
The National Security Adviser, Jonathan Powell, was in Egypt on  2 January , and I met the Egyptian Foreign Minister in Saudi Arabia on Sunday.
This remains our No. 1 issue.
We have raised it on every single occasion, and we continue to press for clemency, for understanding and for Alaa’s release.
The official readout from “Operation kowtow”, the Chancellor’s mission to Beijing, says that she “urged China to cease its support for Russia’s defence industrial base, which is enabling Russia to maintain its illegal war against Ukraine.”
Did the Chancellor elicit any such assurances, and if not, what does it mean for the Foreign Secretary’s supposed reset of relations with the people of the Great Hall?
Can I just remind the hon.
Gentleman that it was our last Foreign Secretary who had a pint with President Xi?
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, as she is able to outline, was able to raise all the issues—Jimmy  Lai, the security law in Hong Kong, Xinjiang and a whole range of others—but we are only able to do that by engagement.
Friends in Gaza and across the middle east, together with many of us here, are all hoping and praying that a ceasefire will happen this time.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Palestinians of Gaza must be able to move freely to return to their homes, or what is left of them, regardless of whether they are currently in Gaza or have fled elsewhere?
In the event of a ceasefire, will the UK convene an international meeting on Gaza’s reconstruction?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for continuing to press these issues.
It was very important to be in Israel yesterday to talk about what may come when we get that ceasefire, and about the role that the UK of course wants to play both in ensuring Israel’s security and in working with other partners to ensure reconstruction.
The rights of women in Afghanistan have been under systematic assault since the Taliban’s return to power in 2021, and women have been all but entirely excluded from public life.
They are barred from attending school and university, and in many areas they cannot leave their homes without a male guardian present.
What pressure are the UK Government putting on the Taliban to ensure that women and girls can go back to school?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
We are deeply concerned by the appalling erosion of the rights of women and girls in Afghanistan, and we are seeking to use every avenue to exert pressure.
I remind the House that on  9 January  I announced that the UK had formally joined the list of countries pledging political support to the initiative to refer Afghanistan to the International Court of Justice for violations of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.
Will Ministers update the House on the implementation of the advisory opinion from the ICJ on the Occupied Palestinian Territories, particularly in relation to the consequences for the UK and other nation states?
We continue to consider the advisory opinion of the ICJ carefully.
It is a far-reaching opinion that took months in the production, and we hope to be able to report back soon.
Following up on the case of Alaa Abd el-Fattah in Egypt, will the Secretary of State say when he expects a substantial response to his engagement with the Egyptian Government?
Will he confirm that he will not travel to Egypt unless he is confident that he can return with Alaa?
Our relationship with Egypt is multifaceted.
Today, this House has discussed the hope of a hostage deal, and the hon.
Lady will understand the importance that the Egyptians play in that.
As I said, I raised this issue on Sunday.
I raised it on  20 December .
I have pressed for Alaa’s release, and we will continue to do all  we can, including the Prime Minister and the National Security Adviser.
In the end, this is in the hands of the Egyptians.
Turkey has increasingly been threatening interventions beyond Syria.
It has given shelter to Hamas and has announced a new programme to develop long-range weapons.
As a fellow NATO ally, how will the Government work with Ankara to secure peace and stability in the middle east?
I met my opposite number in Saudi Arabia at the weekend to discuss the issues in north-east Syria.
He of course raised his long-standing concerns about Kurdish groups in the north-east, and I made it clear, along with many allies, that we do not want to see further escalation in Syria at this time.
We continue to be in dialogue with a very close NATO ally.