It is good to see the Chancellor in her place, and I thank her for advance sight of her statement.
I know that she has been away, so let me update her on the mess that she left behind.
The pound has hit a 14-month low; Government borrowing costs are at a 27-year high; growth has been killed stone dead; inflation is rising, impacting millions; interest rates are staying higher for longer; and business confidence has fallen through the floor.
The Labour party talked down the economy and crippled businesses with colossal taxes, breaking all their promises.
This is a crisis made in Downing Street.
It should hardly surprise the Chancellor that international markets are uneasy.
The UK’s long-term borrowing costs have risen to their highest in almost 30 years.
But while the Government were losing control of the economy, where was the Chancellor?
Her trip to China had not even begun when my urgent question was taken in the House last week.
She was still in the country, but she sent the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, rather than facing up to her failures.
May I ask her why she chose not to respond herself?
The Chancellor, of course, ducked the difficult questions by jetting off to Beijing.
I believe that in Labour circles they are calling it the Peking duck, but whatever was on the menu in China, was it really worth the unedifying sight of an increasingly desperate politician scampering halfway around the world with a begging bowl?
The  Chancellor’s deal pales in comparison to Labour’s black hole, which opened up in the public finances while the right hon.
Lady was absent from her station.
Let me give the House a sense of scale.
The deal that the Chancellor has announced amounts to £120 million a year.
The rise in our borrowing costs, due to her disastrous Budget, has added about £12 billion to our annual spending on debt interest alone: literally 100 times what she says she has brought back from Beijing.
That is money that cannot now be spent on the public’s priorities.
That £12 billion is enough to pay for 300,000 nurses or to cover Labour’s pernicious winter fuel payments cut for eight and a half years—and, of course, even before this latest market reaction, the Budget meant spending tens of billions more on servicing our debt.
According to the Office for Budget Responsibility’s forecast, two thirds of the money raised from the Chancellor’s jobs tax will be swallowed up by additional debt interest.
Forget those billions going towards better public services; they are going on paying the price of Labour’s mismanagement.
We on this side of the House know how this sorry story goes.
We have seen it all before: socialist Governments who think that they can tax and spend their way to prosperity; Labour Governments who simply do not understand that if you tax the living daylights out of business, you will get stagnation.
They do not understand because there is barely a shred of business experience on the Government Front Bench.
May I ask the right hon.
Lady which of her promises she will break if the OBR judges in March that she is now in breach of her own fiscal rules?
Will she cancel promised spending, will she ramp up borrowing, or will she raise taxes yet again?
This whole sorry tale is nothing short of a Shakespearean tragedy being played out before our eyes.
This is the Hamlet of our time.
Labour promised the electorate much, while pouring the poison into their ear.
And the end—you can feel the end; the Chancellor flailing, estranged, it seems, from those closest to her; those about her falling; the drums beating ever closer.
To go, or not to go, that is now a question.
The Prime Minister will be damned if he does, but he will surely be damned if he does not.
The British people deserve better.
The shadow Chancellor is simply not serious.
I was on the Opposition side of the House for 14 years, and I think that after a statement one usually asks some questions.
We heard a great deal from the right hon.
Gentleman about what he would not do, but we heard absolutely nothing about what he would do.
Now we can see what happens when the Leader of the Opposition tells the shadow Cabinet that it should not have any policies.
As far as I can tell, the Conservative party’s economic strategy is to say that the UK should not engage with the second largest economy in the world, or indeed with our nearest neighbours and our biggest trading partners in the European Union.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s economic strategy is to support higher spending but none of the right decisions that are required to deliver sound public finances, and his economic strategy is to ignore the mistakes of the past with no apology to the British people for his part in Liz Truss’s mini-Budget that crashed the economy.
I appreciate that, having said that, I may now receive a “cease and desist” letter from her later.
One question that the shadow Chancellor did ask was: why did I go to China?
I went to secure tangible benefits for British businesses trading overseas.
The right hon.
Gentleman said that it was not worth it; let him say that to the representatives of HSBC, Standard Chartered, Prudential, Schroders and the London Stock Exchange who attended those meetings with me last week, all of whom have spoken of the difference that it will make.
I have been under no illusion about the scale of challenges that we face, after 14 years of stagnant economic growth, higher debt and economic uncertainty, and we have seen global economic uncertainty play out in the last week, but leadership is not about ducking these challenges; it is about rising to them.
The economic headwinds we face are a reminder that we should—indeed, we must—go further and faster in our plan to kick-start economic growth, which plunged under the last Government, by bringing stability to the public finances after years of instability under the Conservative party, unlocking investment that plummeted under the previous Government and pushing ahead with essential reforms to our economy and public services.
That is my message to the House today, because if we get it right, the prize on offer to us—to the British people—is immense: the opportunity to make working people better off by making Britain better off.
That is the mandate this Government have, and that is what we will deliver.