Many of my constituents have expressed concern about the recent raid of Kamal Adwan hospital, which was one of the last healthcare facilities still operating in Gaza.
The hospital’s director, Dr Safiya, was detained along with several of his staff during that raid.
International law prohibits the detention of medical staff in conflict zones.
What is the Minister doing to secure the release of these medical staff so that Gaza’s civilians can continue to access essential medical care?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this critically important issue.
We have raised the protection of healthcare facilities and the detention of healthcare workers directly with the Israeli Government.
The Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has specifically raised the detention of Dr Hussam Abu Safiya with both Israel’s deputy Foreign Minister and its ambassador to the UK.
The ceasefire that is apparently being progressed is seemingly the same as the one drafted in May, which was deliberately frustrated by members of the Israeli Government.
Sadly, since that time, hostages and those falsely imprisoned have remained captive and so many lives have been lost.
No doubt the Minister can assure the public that, should the ceasefire be confirmed, every effort will be made to get aid and supplies to the Palestinians, particularly those in northern Gaza.
Does she agree that this means that neither Israeli military activity nor Israeli legislation preventing the work of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency can be accepted?
There absolutely must be a surge of aid into Gaza; that will be critical after a ceasefire.
However, impediments to aid that remain must also be removed.
The issue of UNRWA has been previously discussed in the House.
The UK Government’s position is that UNRWA must be able to continue to operate.
It is the only organisation with the scale and depth necessary to get that lifesaving aid to people who need it.
UAV Engines Ltd, based in Staffordshire, manufactures the engines powering the Hermes 450 drone, which is manufactured by Elbit Systems in the UK and used by the Israeli military in the Gaza strip.
Israel regards the Hermes 450 as a critical asset, providing strike capabilities.
Will the Minister confirm whether those drones, engines or any other parts for the Hermes 450 drone are still being supplied to Israel from the UK?
The UK has the most robust arms control regime in any global comparison.
This Government were determined to ensure that we fulfilled our legal  responsibilities and that we assessed, fully and legally, arms exportation licences.
I can confirm to the House that since  2 September  there have been no extant UK export licences for items to Israel that we assess are for use in military operations in Gaza.
Last week, Hamas fired rockets at the Erez crossing, demonstrating once again the terror group’s intention to disrupt aid delivery and prolong the suffering of Gazans, as well as Israelis.
What assistance have the UK Government offered to support repairing that crossing and support Israel as it gets much-needed aid into Gaza?
We remain directly in contact with Israel, with UN agencies and with other partners in the region.
That is obviously at ministerial level and also with our special representative for humanitarian issues in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The issues of crossings and their openness and safety have been raised repeatedly by the special representative and by members of this Government.
That also covers attacks by the terrorists Hamas on those crossings.
While Gaza stands on the verge of absolute annihilation, the Israeli ambassador to the UK has repeatedly expressed opposition to a two-state solution, emphasising that that is not a feasible solution.
Given that the UK has consistently expressed support for a two-state solution but does not yet recognise one of the states, will the Minister clarify any discussions she has had with the Israeli ambassador?
Order.
This question is about humanitarian aid, but I am sure the Minister will be able to answer.
The UK Government’s position is, indeed, that there must be a two-state solution.
The new Government have been determined to do all we can towards that end.
That will include advocating for that solution at every juncture, including with embassies and, as would be expected, with the Israeli embassy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the war in Gaza on UK support for Israel.
The UK remains committed to supporting Israel’s security and wider regional stability in the face of threats from malign actors such as Iran.
We are clear that Israel must act in accordance with international humanitarian law and do more to protect civilians, hospitals and those who are in desperate need of their services.
Notwithstanding the hope that we all have of a ceasefire, atrocities continue to take place daily in Gaza, with the killing of children, the bombing of hospitals and the threat of banning aid at the end of the month.
Will the Secretary of State explain exactly what the Israeli Government have to do to persuade the UK Government to impose sanctions, ban all arms sales and recognise the state of Palestine?
Since coming into office we have taken significant action: calling, of course, for a ceasefire—we have been calling for a ceasefire since December 2023; suspending relevant arms sales, as has been set out by my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development; and increasing the amount of aid to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We are also in steadfast support of UNRWA.
Israel remains an important ally.
We have an important trading relationship, worth £6.1 billion last year and involving 38,000 British jobs.
I am sorry; any discussion of sanctions is just not correct.
I invite the Foreign Secretary to welcome the appointment of Nawaf Salam and to comment on its implications for our relationship with Lebanon and Israel and for Iran’s influence in the region.
What does he intend to do to ensure that that positive step improves our relationship with Israel, Lebanon and the countries in the eastern Mediterranean?
I am very grateful for this opportunity to speak about Lebanon.
The developments in Lebanon over the past few days could transform the region.
The appointment of a new President and a new Prime Minister could provide Lebanon with the opportunity to see Hezbollah’s capability diminished, which the whole international community should grab hold of.
As the right hon.
Member knows from his time in office, the UK contribution to the Lebanese armed forces is important and one that the Lebanese treasure.
We intend to continue with that and to go further over the coming months, which I know he will welcome.
What assessment he has made of the British Council’s financial sustainability.
May I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for her overseas work as the British Council’s former director of communications?
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] I understand that she was posted in London, Paris, Tokyo and Shanghai.
I am jealous, as my assignments in my overseas postings were rather different.
The British Council’s board of trustees is responsible for the organisation’s financial sustainability.
As an FCDO arm’s length body, the British Council received £162.5 million of grant in aid funding in 2024-25.
My noble Friend, Baroness Chapman, oversees this as the Minister responsible.
This contribution supports the British Council’s role as a soft power asset, promoting UK arts and culture, education, and the English language.
Mr Speaker, may I declare another interest as the officer of the British Council all-party parliamentary group?
The British Council delivers more than £1 billion-worth of global impact for the UK every year.
During the pandemic, it was forced to close 18 country operations, none of which has since reopened.
The then Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab gave it an emergency loan, but set it out on commercial terms.
The interest on this loan  is costing the British Council £14 million a year.
Will the Minister help the British Council keep delivering on the Government’s growth, security and soft power objectives and consider reviewing the terms of the council’s loan, extending the date for beginning repayments, reducing the commercial rate of interest, or redesignating the loan— Order.
Nobody else will be able to get in.
I call the Minister.
Ministers are aware of the issues in relation to the £200 million.
As the hon.
Member said, the loan was made on commercial terms in order to be compliant with the UK subsidy control regime.
On  6 January , my ministerial colleagues the Foreign Secretary and Baroness Chapman met the chief executive officer of the British Council to discuss these issues.
As we have already heard, the British Council is vital to the UK’s soft power across the world.
At such an important time for the promotion of our values of democracy, freedom and human rights, reports that the British Council may have to close 30 to 40 operations is deeply worrying.
What steps is the Minister taking to secure the future of the British Council’s existing programmes?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his long-held commitment on these issues.
Soft power is an issue of the most vital importance, particularly in this contested world.
I am very pleased to confirm, as the Foreign Secretary already has, that we are establishing a soft power council in the coming days.
That is an important initiative and the British Council will be an important part of that work.
In relation to country offices, the British Council retains a significant physical presence in more than 100 countries, which is welcome, and has a growing presence online, which is to be encouraged.
What diplomatic steps his Department is taking to support the rights of religious minorities in Syria.