The Government signed up to a $300 billion climate finance package at COP29, with the amount increasing by $50 billion to get a deal.
Since then, Ministers have not been able to give details of what our share will be, how much British taxpayers will fund, and what will come from official development assistance and what from private enterprise and investment.
Can the Minister provide any of those details, and, if not, will she commit to a timetable for disclosure of that information?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her question, but she will surely understand that the COP agreement was about the global goal.
The precise share for individual countries is worked out through the normal processes.
It was her Government—a Conservative Government—who committed to the £11.6 billion climate finance goal.
Unlike the previous Government, however, we are determined to fit that within our responsibilities and deliver on it for the sake of our climate and our economy.
What discussions he has had with NATO allies on strengthening that alliance.
NATO is the cornerstone of UK and Euro-Atlantic security.
Indeed, the first act of this Government was to publicly state our commitment to a “NATO first” defence policy.
We regularly discuss NATO with our allies; NATO Foreign and Defence Ministers meet three times a year, with the most recent Foreign Ministers’ meeting having been in December, which the Foreign Secretary and I both attended.
For 75 years, NATO has stood as a bulwark against territorial acquisition, and NATO is stronger when all its members stand against that.
What discussions does the Foreign Secretary plan to have with the President-elect of the United States about the status of Denmark, Greenland and Canada?
Will the Foreign Secretary remind President-elect Trump that when he pronounces on how he would like to expand the United States’ sphere of influence, NATO’s adversaries are also watching?
As the Foreign Secretary made clear last week, Greenland is part of the Kingdom of Denmark, and the future of its constitutional arrangements is a matter for the people and Government of Greenland and, indeed, the Kingdom of Denmark.
It would be wrong to speculate on any policy decisions that the incoming Administration of President-elect Trump may make.
I delivered those messages during a meeting with the Greenlandic Foreign Minister yesterday.
There are, rightly, important concerns about security in the Arctic, which is why I was proud to be one of the first British Ministers in 10 years to attend the Arctic Circle Assembly and meet partners to discuss these issues just a few months ago.