The Minister keeps telling the House that negotiations with Mauritius have been going on for two years.
Will he explain to the House why he is so reluctant to extend those negotiations by just one week until the Trump Administration take office?
They may take a very different view of the negotiations from that of the Biden Administration.
I simply refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the answers I have given repeatedly.
This deal is in the interests of the United Kingdom and in the interests of the United States, and it has been supported by all parts of the United States Administration.
There is no rush.
There are ongoing discussions, but we are not going to give a running commentary.
My constituent Jagtar Singh Johal has been in arbitrary detention in India for more than seven years.
The Secretary of State and his ministerial team have been extremely generous with their time and assistance to help resolve the situation, but can I seek the Minister’s assurance that those efforts are ongoing?
Ministers have engaged frankly with counterparts in India on Mr Johal’s case, pushing for faster progress towards a resolution, including the call for an investigation into allegations of torture by the authorities.
The Government are right to continue the all-party approach to the next International Development Association replenishment of the World Bank, which is extremely good value for taxpayer money.
Will the Foreign Secretary press the Treasury to match what the former Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , did in adding £2.5 billion to the 0.5% official development assistance budget, to help defray some of the costs of first-year asylum seekers, which that budget bears?
Otherwise, we will be spending more development money in UK postal districts than in Africa.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
He understands deeply that under Conservative Governments, we saw those so-called in-donor refugee costs spiralling out of control.
The system was not being brought under any kind of coherent plan by previous Governments.
Now there is a  plan, which is being delivered by the Home Secretary.
We are determined to ensure that those costs are brought down.
The Foreign Secretary has rightly imposed widespread sanctions on Russia for its war crimes.
Earlier, he responded on the subject of sanctions on Israel by referring to the fact that talk of war crimes is incorrect because of the value of trade and Israel’s historic status as an ally.
Surely a war crime is a war crime, whoever commits it.
All lives are equal and international law is international law.
I invite the Foreign Secretary to explain to the House the difference of approach between war crimes committed by Russia and war crimes committed by Israel.
We are on the brink, we hope, of a ceasefire deal.
It was important to be in Israel yesterday, and I remind the hon.
Gentleman that this is one of the toughest regions in the world.
I remind him of the malign effect of Iran, just next door.
Hezbollah have been diminished, but they are still there.
Hamas have been diminished, but they are still there.
I have to say that it is not right to comment on sanctions and proscription, but we are talking about an ally.