There can be few places in our country that need this Bill more than Bournemouth East.
A total of 33% of households in my constituency are in private rented accommodation, which is considerably more than the national average of 19%.
In Boscombe West, a ward, 60% are private renting, and in East Cliff, where I live, it is 56%.
Rents went up in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole by 9% in the year to October 2024, which is higher than the national average.
Some 81% of respondents to Shelter’s Dorset survey in BCP said that they were struggling to pay their rent.
As somebody who used to lead a mental health charity, I know the link between health outcomes, poor mental health and poor rented accommodation.
For everybody living in poor rented accommodation in Bournemouth East, I know there will be a significant effect on health outcomes.
I want to talk briefly about the abolition of no-fault evictions and bring my constituents into the debate.
My constituent Caroline from Boscombe had lived in overcrowded private rented housing with her two children with special educational needs and disabilities for 11 years before being given a section 21.
Being forced to move at short notice has significantly negatively affected her mental health.
The Labour Government’s abolition of so-called no-fault evictions in the Bill will go a long way to giving tenants like Caroline greater security.
I also welcome a decent homes standard now being applied to the private rented sector.
My constituent Naomi, from Boscombe, recently contacted me about the repeated incidence of mould in her one-bedroom rented flat, which she shares with her partner and their 10-week-old baby.
The flat also has dangerous loose floorboards, a leaking shower and fire doors that do not close.
Her landlord continues to ignore her emails.
The provisions in the Bill that apply the decent homes standard to the private rented sector will give renters like Naomi safer, better-value homes and remove the blight of poor-quality homes from our communities.