This weekend, we had the indignity of seeing the Chancellor of the Exchequer fleeing the financial mess that she has left at home in the United Kingdom while embracing the Chinese Communist party—Labour’s friends—and the Chinese Government in a desperate attempt to secure money from them.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain how this new love-in with one of the biggest threats to our national security and freedom helps our national interests?
What message does that send to Jimmy Lai, Hong Kong BNOs facing threats in our country, and others living in fear of  China?
Is this Government’s reset with China the cause of the delay in implementing the foreign influence registration scheme?
The right hon.
Lady comes to the Dispatch Box with chutzpah and a brass neck after a period in which we had about seven different China policies from the last Government, who left a huge £22 billion black hole in the economy.
I might remind her that President Trump has invited the Chinese President to his inauguration, and that trade between the US and China has grown.
We can also protect our national security, just as the United States has done.
That is why we will compete with China where we need to and challenge it where we must, but we must co-operate in important areas of trade, because we want to see growth in our economy.
We are absolutely minded to move forward with that.
What steps his Department is taking to help secure the release of Emily Damari.
Ensuring the safe release of all hostages, including British national Emily Damari and three others with strong UK links, is a top priority for this Government.
We have continually supported hostage talks, and support the efforts of the American, Egyptian and Qatari negotiators.
We are exercising every diplomatic lever to secure the hostages’ immediate and unconditional release, and call on all parties to show flexibility at the negotiation table.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for his answer.
Last month I had the privilege of meeting Mandy, Emily’s mother, to discuss her family’s plight and their campaign and efforts to secure Emily’s release.
I know that the Foreign Secretary met Mandy yesterday in Israel; I spoke to her afterwards, and she was very grateful for that meeting.
What steps are the Government taking to secure humanitarian access to the hostages before release, which Hamas are disgracefully avoiding, and what pressures are being put on Qatar and Egypt in that regard?
It was important to be with Mandy Damari in Israel yesterday and to speak to the Israelis, and to be in Saudi Arabia just before that, particularly to speak to my Egyptian counterpart and to press these issues.
As Joe Biden has said, we may well be on the brink of a deal, and I know that the whole House will want to see that deal emerge in the coming days and to see Emily come home.
My hon.
Friend can be assured that humanitarian access, for which we have continued to press for the people of Gaza, is hugely important, and it is as important for the hostages.
It will take some time for them to come out, and they need that humanitarian access.
At Easter last year I had the opportunity to meet Amanda Damari in Israel and to speak to some of the families of the hostages who were kidnapped by Hamas on that terrible and unfortunately memorable day,  7 October .
The families have had a yo-yo of emotions: will the hostages be freed, or will they not be freed?
Now, all of a sudden,  there is a possibility.
After the rollercoaster of emotion that the families have been on over the last year and a half, how can we ensure that they get the direct help that they need from our Government?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
We want to see Emily Damari free, and all the hostages, particularly the UK-linked hostages.
We know from our contact with their families—I am thinking about the moving event that we had in No. 10 on  30 September —that there will be deep psychological scars, and we must commit to doing all we can through our ongoing humanitarian effort to support those hostages in their process of recovery.