On visiting the three prisons in the Sheppey prison cluster in my constituency, it is clear to see how the prison estate has been degraded over the past 14 years.
I have talked to prison officers, who are my constituents, as well as working in the constituency, about the problems they face day in, day out.
It takes more than a few signs saying “no drones” to stop those drones.
What is the Minister doing to listen to prison officers and the Prison Officers Association, and to support them in tackling this?
Those officers face threats and pressure from organised crime.
Will he meet me to discuss this further?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend; if he could drop me a note to remind me, I will do that.
This week, the Prisons Minister is meeting officials from the Prison Officers Association.
Whenever I visit prisons, as I do regularly, I meet the Prison Officers Association representative in that prison.
They are key partners in tackling the problems that we have inherited from the previous Government.
High-security prisons ensure that our national security is not compromised, because they house some of the most dangerous threats to our society.
In government, the Conservatives introduced legislation to make it an automatic  offence to fly drones within 400 metres of any closed prison.
What assurances can the Minister give this House that those who commit such offences will feel the full force of the law?
That important action taken by the previous Government was, quite correctly, supported by Labour in opposition.
When anybody is found guilty of flying a detected drone, the appropriate prosecution will follow.
The Welsh Affairs Committee recently visited Parc Prison in Wales, where we saw the types of contraband being smuggled into prisons by drones.
One of the biggest problems reported to us was multiple drones coming in at the same time; it is difficult for the security team to then bring them down, even though they are using CCTV.
What is the Minister doing to outlaw the use of those drones, to keep our prisoners safe and secure?
The security and safety of prisoners and prison officers is very important.
The Prisons Minister and the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , sitting to my right, recently visited Parc Prison, and are well aware of the issues.
They are working with the prison authorities to address them.
Two months ago in the House, I raised concerns that HMP Garth had been likened to an airport because of the number of drones illegally flying drugs into the prison.
In response, the Lord Chancellor told me that the Prisons Minister was meeting the governor and thinking “about how to deal with those problems”.—[Official Report,  5 November 2024 ; Vol. 756, c. 164.]
What precise action has the Department taken since then, and what action will the Minister take today to deal with the problems at HMP Manchester?
Actions are being taken and things are being done.
I have mentioned the issues around windows, and netting and bars, but frankly this is a security issue.
We are up against organised crime.
We will not talk publicly about the measures that we are considering, because that would not be the best way of tackling the issue.
I recognise that this issue is very much related to drugs.
Having previously worked for a homeless charity, I have seen the huge amount of damage that drugs can cause to people’s lives, and to their families.
What are the Government doing about the wider issue of drugs supply, both in and out of prisons?
As I have already said, it is very important that we tackle drug dependency in prisons.
The fact that we now have a little bit more space in prisons allows more work to go on there to tackle drug dependency.
We know that education and employment also help to reduce reoffending, which is why we have committed to improving prisoners’ access to not only drug support programmes, but purposeful activity and employment.
The Government have said time and again that they want to smash the criminal gangs that illegally smuggle illegal migrants into the UK, yet the Government cannot even smash the gangs that smuggle drugs and phones into our prisons.
How can my residents trust the Government to smash these gangs?
The residents of Broxbourne will be well aware that for 14 years, the Government that the hon.
Gentleman supported failed to tackle this problem.
This Government are rolling up our sleeves and getting on with it.
This is a long-standing problem, and the previous Government did not do anywhere near enough to deal with it.
What they did do, when former Prime Minister Liz Truss was Lord Chancellor, was arrange for more dogs to bark at drones around prisons, which they assured us would work.
Has the Ministry of Justice done an assessment on how effective that policy was?
I think everybody agrees that that policy was barking.