The Secretary of State will know that my local ICB in Bedfordshire, Luton and Milton Keynes is set to merge  with Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough.
The new ICB will cover a population of about 3 million people.
Given the difficulties we have had securing a GP surgery in Wixams, will the Secretary of State set out how supersizing that quango will help rural mid-Beds to get the local healthcare it needs?
May I respectfully say that that was part of the problem with Conservative thinking?
They thought that the answer to the NHS crisis was more quangos, and they measured success in the number of ICBs, not the number of appointments and the size of the waiting list.
We are taking a different approach, slashing bureaucracy and reinvesting in the front line.
We are not centralising but decentralising, and cutting waiting lists—a record that the Conservative party cannot begin to touch.
A couple of weeks ago at my constituency surgery, though tears my constituent Amy explained how, following a hip operation in 2008, she suffered progressive nerve damage due to repeated failures in diagnosis, referral and treatment.
Despite raising concerns for years, she was told that her pain was common.
A nerve test in 2015 confirmed damage, and further tests last year showed a significant deterioration.
After 17 years she has only now been offered surgery.
All Amy wants to know is what steps are being taken to ensure that no other patient is left permanently disabled due to such prolonged and systemic failure— Order.
That is very important, but why does the hon.
Member not want others to get in?
First, on behalf of the NHS I apologise to my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
That is an intolerable situation, but sadly not rare or exceptional.
There is too much of that happening, and a culture of cover-up and covering reputations, rather than being honest with patients about failures.
We are changing the culture.
Safety is at the heart of the 10-year plan, and I would be delighted to talk to my hon.
Friend further about his constituent’s case.
This morning I attended an event about bladder cancer.
Bladder cancer is the fifth highest killer in the United Kingdom, and people were anxious to meet the Minister and discuss those matters.
Will he agree to meet bladder cancer organisations to take forward their four objectives to make things better for people in the United Kingdom?
I am sure my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care (Ashley Dalton), who is the Minister responsible for cancer, would be delighted to meet campaigners, particularly as we put together the national cancer plan.
We want to ensure that we capture every type of cancer, and genuinely improve cancer care for everyone in our  country.