What steps he is taking to support rural pharmacies.
What steps his Department is taking to support community pharmacies.
After years of underfunding, the Government agreed a record uplift of £3.1 billion for ’25-26 for the pharmacy sector.
The pharmacy access scheme provides £19 million to support pharmacies in areas with fewer pharmacies, including in rural areas, but funding must always come with reform.
Our hub and spoke legislation, if it is passed in the other place today, will allow pharmacies to streamline their dispensing processes, and it is a major step in the right direction in marrying reform with investment.
I recently visited Modbury pharmacy, where owner Phil Dawes highlighted the challenges facing small rural pharmacies.
He explained how the current funding model does not take into account the lower footfall and limited referral rates that are common in rural areas.
We know that if a pharmacy in a small market town closes, it can cause extreme difficulties for people to access advice and medicines, particularly where there is little or no public transport and they have to go a long way.
Will the Government consider introducing rural exceptions or adjusted funding thresholds so that we can keep community pharmacies open?
The pharmacy sector is facing huge challenges after massive cuts over the past 14 years.
We are beginning to rebuild, but the hon.
Lady is right that there are particular challenges for rural pharmacies.
We are looking at comprehensive reform in the pharmacy sector involving the better use of technology, hub and spoke dispensing, and a range of other options that would enable better remote dispensing for rural pharmacies.
I have visited pharmacies across my constituency.
They are all struggling to provide a service, but are all very keen to take on the new services that the NHS is suggesting.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that rural and community pharmacies are properly staffed and equipped to deliver those community services, such as diabetes testing and weight management treatments, so that patients are not left behind just because of where they live?
The hon.
Lady is right that pharmacies will play a central role in the shift from hospital to community that we will be putting at the heart of our 10-year plan.
An important part of that, of course, is Pharmacy First.
The take-up of Pharmacy First is not what we would like it to be, so we are looking at options to increase awareness of Pharmacy First and to free up pharmacists to be able to operate at the top of their licence.
Part of that is about streamlining the dispensing side of what they do, and the hub and spoke legislation that I mentioned earlier will be really important in that context.