The Secretary of State may well be aware of the greater awareness among young people of nicotine pouches.
That seems to be a gap in the Tobacco and Vapes Bill currently going through Parliament.
Will he commit to look at this issue to ensure that it is covered and that we bar this alongside other forms of tobacco and nicotine?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows through bitter experience, that rotten industry always finds a way, and we have to keep on top of it and tackle the scourge of nicotine addiction.
He knows about this issue better than most, he having campaigned so assiduously on it, and he is right to raise it, so let us look at what we can do to strengthen the Bill, if we can, as it goes through Parliament.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to enable access to non-hormonal, non-steroidal oral contraceptives?
Such contraceptives are an emerging technology that will be subject to clinical and other relevant assessment before being considered for use in England.
The Government remain committed to ensuring that women can access their preferred method in a timely manner.
A range of contraception is available free of charge from a range of settings.
That includes a copper coil, which is a non-hormonal, non-steroidal contraceptive device.
In Prime Minister’s questions last week, I raised the need for a universal national screening programme for type 1 diabetes.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet me to discuss this, so that it could form part of the 10-year plan, given that it fits so neatly into prevention of issues such as diabetic ketoacidosis over treatment?
I was in the Chamber to hear the hon.
Member’s question.
Obviously we are led by clinical advice when it comes to decisions on screening programmes, but I understand the case she makes.
I would be delighted to ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Earl Mountbatten hospice in my constituency delivers outstanding care across the community.
Despite that, Hampshire and Isle of Wight integrated care board plans to cut its funding by £1.4 million, while other hospices in the region have their funding increased.
I am deeply concerned that the cut will affect our local health services.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can restore that essential funding and protect hospice care for my constituents?
We have provided hospices in England with a record £100 million in capital funding, as my hon.
Friend will know.
ICBs are responsible for commissioning palliative and end-of-life care services, including hospices, to meet the needs of their local populations.
NHS England has published statutory guidance to support that.
I would of course be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
The British Dental Association recently published analysis showing that the proportion of NHS funding spent on dentistry more than halved under the Conservatives, who failed to account for inflation and demand to the cost of £1 billion.
It is no wonder that we have dental deserts across much of the country.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that dentistry receives its fair share of funding from the new NHS funding allocated in the spending review?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point to the neglect and incompetence of the past 14 years.
We are fighting to get NHS dentistry back to where it needs to be.
An important first step, of course, is the 700,000 additional urgent appointments and supervised tooth-brushing programme, but long-term contract reform is what is needed, alongside the investment that will come through the spending review.
According to the Trussell Trust, the impact of hunger and hardship on people’s health is driving an extra £6.3 billion in Government healthcare spending.
What part is the Department playing in reducing hunger and hardship—and thus the related healthcare cost—in my constituency and across the country?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that important point.
It is truly shameful that 4.5 million children in the UK now live in poverty.
We are developing an ambitious strategy that tackles root causes, and we are already taking action.
Alongside cross-Government work on free school meals, breakfast clubs and funded childcare, the Department is investing £56 million in Start for Life services and supporting healthy diets for 358,000 people through Healthy Start.
Opticians are important medical professionals for our community.
Unfortunately, when I spoke to the Hertfordshire and West Essex integrated care board, I was told that it will not allow opticians to perform vital services such as treating minor eye injuries, as doing so is deemed too expensive, despite that being the norm in the areas surrounding my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure a fair system across the country, rather than a postcode lottery?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the anomalies in the eyecare system.
There are concerns about the role that some aspects of the independent sector are playing, particularly in the light of the lucrative nature of cataract operations.
If he writes to me, I will be happy to set out the issues, and I guarantee that he will get the response in due course.
Infertility is a medical condition that affects one in six couples in the UK, but access to NHS treatment is a postcode lottery, with less than 10% of ICBs in England offering the recommended three cycles of IVF.
Does the Minister agree that we need to end that postcode lottery, and will she meet me and campaigners such as Fertility Action to discuss how we can end it for good?
In the light of the broader pressures and changes in the NHS, we have been considering the ambitions on fertility services and fairness for all couples.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is reviewing its fertility guidelines, which will be the clinical standard for the future.
I know that my hon.
Friend will ensure that she and the group she talks about keep an eye on that, and that she will work with them.
I am happy to keep working with her on how we best support ICBs to improve their local offer.
I have raised with Ministers before my concerns about the closure of St Mark’s walk-in urgent care centre in Maidenhead.
Frimley ICB has confirmed yet again that it will not reopen the centre, against the will of the majority of Maidenhead residents.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and local campaigners to see how we can finally get St Mark’s walk-in centre back open after five years of closure?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents will have noted, through his representations as a constituency MP, that he could not have fought harder to save that service.
We devolve these sorts of decisions to ICBs, in order that they make decisions closer to the communities that they serve, with the conviction that those sorts of decisions are better taken locally than centralised in Whitehall.
I understand the case that he makes, but having given ICBs a challenge, resources and freedom, we Ministers must resist the temptation to meddle every time they make decisions that they believe are right for the community, even if those decisions are controversial.
Will the Minister look into minimising the pain of patients going through hysteroscopy and biopsy procedures by requesting that medical professionals fully brief them on anaesthetics and pain relief in advance of procedures to ensure that they can plan accordingly?
My hon.
Friend raises an important question.
We are committed to improving women’s experience of gynaecological procedures, including hysteroscopies.
Women should be provided with information prior to their procedure so that they can make an informed decision about the procedure and pain relief options, including local or general anaesthetic.
He will probably make further representations, which we will certainly look at.
One of the ways in which the Secretary of State has reduced the waiting list is by turbocharging the use of the private sector since January, meaning that half a million people have been treated in irreducible spare capacity.
Has that experience elicited any learnings that the Secretary of State is able to take into the wider reform agenda for the NHS?
Absolutely: the NHS always does better under a Labour Government.
Barking community hospital in my constituency has been providing antenatal services to mothers in Barking for many years, and women also use its services to give birth.
I was therefore really disappointed when I heard last week that the maternity birthing unit is likely to close.
Many in my community are deeply concerned.
They are being redirected to Newham hospital, which the Care Quality Commission has rated as “requires improvement”.
Women deserve to give birth in a safe clinical environment.
Will Ministers ensure that additional attention and resources are provided to Newham hospital, so that it improves its standards and my constituents who are being redirected to give birth there can do so in a safe clinical space?
Making sure that women are giving birth safely is the ultimate priority and the least that women deserve.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s anxiety about this reconfiguration, and she is right to raise that with the ICB in the first instance.
We are happy to meet her as Ministers, too.
The crucial thing is that the services are configured and delivered in a way that prioritises the safety of women and their babies.
In March, the Minister for Care told me that no decision could be taken on a new dental school at the University of East Anglia until the spending review settlement was known.
Now that we know it, will he instruct the Office for Students to allocate new training places at the UEA from 2026?
The spending review has just been published.
The key now is to secure the allocations within the overall financial envelope.
That will take a matter of weeks, and I will be happy to report back to the hon.
Member once we have that clarity.
Between 2001 and 2011, the 15% health inequalities weighting in NHS allocations made a positive, measurable difference to the health of deprived people.
Unfortunately, it was cut to 10% in 2015.
With the spending review’s increase in funding to the NHS, when will the health inequalities weighting reach 15%?
I am really grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
She is right to highlight the importance of funding following inequalities to redress that imbalance.
I think she will be pleased with where we are with the 10-year plan for health, and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss it.
People in East Devon have been told that they must now travel to Exeter for audiology services that they previously received at their local community hospital.
What steps are the Government taking to encourage new providers to restore accessible audiology services?
That has been a running theme this morning, which will not be lost on Ministers.
We will ensure, as we deliver neighbourhood health services, that people can receive care closer to home, wherever   they live.
We have heard that message loud and clear today, and I think the hon.
Member will see that priority reflected in our 10-year plan for health.
I declare an interest, as my brother is a GP.
When my residents are able to get a GP appointment, they are frustrated when they are sent halfway across the borough to a different surgery from the one they are registered with by their primary care network.
Can we address that, and is it part of our proposals in the new GP contract?
We do want to put GPs at the heart of neighbourhood health services, and we want people to have care close to home.
There are benefits to primary care working at scale, so I would not want to criticise them for doing that.
The important thing is different courses for different horses.
Some of us are much more mobile, more active and more online and would welcome that flexibility.
For others, continuity of care that is close to home, or indeed in their home, is important.
It is important that people get the right care, in the right place, at the right time, wherever they live, and that is what we will deliver.
I am grateful for the consideration the Secretary of State has already given to finding a fairer and more effective way of compensating those injured by a covid vaccination, but he knows that those who are profoundly affected by such injuries are anxious for news.
Can he give me, and indeed them, a progress report?
I reassure the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, the constituents of his I have met and other campaigners that I am having discussions with the Cabinet Office about how we deal with that and other issues that have been raised this morning, including the sodium valproate scandal.
He knows the complexities involved, and I have been grateful for his advice as a former Attorney General.
I do not have specific progress to report now, but I reassure him and campaigners that this issue has not gone off the boil and we are working to find a resolution.
The challenge of finding and keeping an NHS dentist is raised with me time and again across the Filton and Bradley Stoke constituency, and I welcome the early action that this Labour Government have taken to introduce more than 19,000 urgent care appointments across our integrated care board area.
What will be the next steps to help ensure that NHS dentistry is opened up again to everybody?