Given the state of the NHS in Scotland, I suspect my counterpart needed to go and drown his sorrows.
The truth is that the longer the SNP is in government, the longer the NHS in Scotland is on the road to nowhere.
The SNP is now on its fifth health plan in four years.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor, it is not just the NHS in England that is receiving record investment, but the Scottish Government.
I have used that investment to cut waiting lists by almost a quarter of a million people; the same could be true in Scotland, if the Scottish people boot out the SNP and elect Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie to deliver the change that Scotland’s NHS needs.
A good way to save money in the NHS is to invest in palliative and end-of-life care, because it averts costs that would otherwise go into the acute sector, including into ambulances.
However, this Government are taking money from that sector through their national insurance rises.
Given that integrated care boards are supposed to commission palliative care, will the Secretary of State commit in the 10-year health plan to a proper revenue funding model for hospices, and for a minimum service specification for palliative care?
I can reassure the hon.
Member that end-of-life care is featured in the 10-year plan for health.
I also recognise the pressure on our hospice sector, which is why this Government, as well as delivering £26 million through the children’s hospice grant, committed £100 million of capital investment— the biggest in a generation for our hospices.
None the less, hospices do rely on the generosity of donors and I am keen to work in partnership with the sector to look at what more we can do to encourage investment.
The final thing I would say is that the Opposition parties welcomed the investment in the national health service while opposing the means of raising it.
They cannot have it both ways; either they support the investment and the revenue raisers or they have to be honest with the public that they would be cutting the NHS.
One of the most egregious examples of waste in recent years was the almost £10 billion spent on useless personal protective equipment during the pandemic.
When the Treasury eventually recovers some of that money, will the Secretary of State assure me that Scottish taxpayers will benefit in the usual way through the usual channels?
Fiscal decisions and spending are matters for my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor, but let me reassure the hon.
Gentleman of two things.
First, the way in which the taxpayers of this country were ripped off during a national emergency was a total disgrace, and this Government are determined to get our money back and reinvest it in frontline services, where it should always have been.
Secondly, I can reassure him that, so  long as there is a Labour Government here in Westminster, Scotland will continue to benefit from the investment it needs to sort out its public services.
Now it just needs a Labour Government in Scotland to spend that money wisely.
What steps he is taking to help reduce waiting times in A&E departments.
This Government are committed to fixing the NHS and reducing A&E waiting times.
Our new urgent and emergency care plan is backed by nearly £400 million of investment to deliver new urgent treatment centres, mental health assessment centres and almost 400 new ambulances.
Alongside that investment, we are reforming urgent and emergency care so that more patients are treated at the scene or in their homes where appropriate, which is better for them and will help to unclog A&E departments.
Lots has been done, but there is much more to do.