I carefully note the fact that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, who is sitting next to me, has an interest in this issue, so I will tread very carefully with my answer.
I understand that the hon.
Gentleman has discussed this matter with the Minister for Secondary Care.
The North East London health and care partnership integrated care board is responsible for delivery, implementation and funding decisions for local services, but the hon.
Gentleman’s representations have been carefully noted today, not least by the Secretary of State for Health.
One of the most important things we can do to support the health of the elderly is to ensure that they can get to see their local doctor.
It is great to hear the Health Secretary talk  about the improved access to appointments—we are seeing that in Chesterfield—but he is also right to say that it is the first step back up the mountain.
The Government inherited a real crisis in GP access and the situation is particularly difficult in more deprived areas.
Will my hon.
Friend tell me what more we will do to ensure that people are able to see a GP, and in particular that practices that serve the most deprived communities can get access to the extra GPs they need?
My hon.
Friend will know that when we came into Government we inherited the absurd situation where the additional roles reimbursement scheme was weighed down by red tape and it was not actually possible to recruit GPs.
We changed that.
We invested an extra £82 million and as a result we have well over 1,000 more GPs on the frontline, but that is just the beginning.
We have contract reform and £889 million of additional investment in general practice, and we are moving forward with an online booking system, which will be obligatory by  1 October .
We have much more work to do—for example, around the interface with pharmacy; we are working hard on that.
There is a lot more to do, but my hon.
Friend is right that the first step up the mountain has been taken.