We are investing an extra £900 million in general practice, and have reformed the GP contract to help bring back the family doctor and end the 8 am scramble.
That contract reform included further changes to make it easier to recruit GPs through the scheme.
As my hon.
Friend will see shortly when we publish the 10-year plan for health, general practice is at the heart of our proposals to build a neighbourhood health service.
I am keen to work with her and with GPs to make it even easier to ensure that qualified GPs can get jobs and patients can get GP appointments, and I should be delighted to meet her.
After 14 years of the Conservatives running down the frontline of the NHS, many people in Basingstoke still struggle to gain access to their GPs.
One issue that patients and GPs raise time and again is the lack of capital investment in new provision to meet growing housing need.
Chineham medical practice, for example, was built to serve just 8,000 patients but now serves more than 18,000, and is set to serve many thousands more in the years to come.
What more are the Government doing to enable every patient in Basingstoke to see their GP when they need to?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Just as this Government are delivering record home building with a huge target to build the homes that Britain needs, we also need to ensure that people get the local services that they deserve.
That is exactly why this Government have invested an extra £102 million this year to create additional clinical space in over 1,000 GP practices, which will create new consultation rooms and make better use of existing space to deliver more appointments.
I know the Chineham medical practice was one of the practices put forward by its integrated care board for funding, so I hope we will see that practice benefiting from this investment in the near future as we rebuild our NHS.
The Government’s additional roles reimbursement scheme led to just three new GPs for my constituents in Wokingham, which is a drop in the ocean.
More needs to be done to deliver GP practices in new developments such as Arborfield in south Wokingham.
Why did Ministers not support the Liberal Democrat amendment to the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that would have made commitments to build GP surgeries in all new housing developments legally binding?
Probably because being that prescriptive about every housing development is not sensible, even if the thrust of what the hon.
Member describes—that as new housing development is built, we need to ensure that local infrastructure goes alongside it—is the right approach.
I take what he says about the number of GPs, and as I have said, we do not pretend to have fixed all the problems in 11 months, but with respect, those are three more GPs than were there before.
I know there is more to do, but give me time, and we will rebuild general practice for his constituents and anyone else’s.
Access to GPs in my constituency of Chichester is being undermined by the closure of the Westbourne branch of Emsworth medical practice at the end of this month.
Patients will now have to travel to Emsworth, but we are talking about a small rural village, and there is no public transport to get my elderly and vulnerable patients to that medical practice over the border.
Will the Secretary of State please meet me to urgently discuss how we can protect this vital service in a rural village in Chichester?
I can well understand the hon.
Member’s concern and her constituents’ concern.
Practice closures are hard on communities wherever they are, but they disproportionately hit rural communities and those that suffer with poor transport connectivity.
I would urge her in the first instance to raise the specific local issues with the ICB.
However, I reassure her and other right hon.
and hon.
Members that the needs of rural, coastal and remote communities are very much in our mind—and, crucially, in the 10-year plan—and our thinking about how we build genuine neighbourhood health services in all types of neighbourhood.
What steps his Department plans to take to ensure mental health services are fully staffed in rural areas.
I know this is an important issue for the hon.
Member from the meeting we had about it last year.
This Government are supporting local providers by recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers by the end of this Parliament.
We are also expanding NHS talking therapies and piloting six new 24/7 neighbourhood mental health centres, including Hope Haven serving Whitehaven and rural Copeland.