As we have just heard, it is widely acknowledged that the crisis in social care is a cause of dangerously high occupancy rates in hospitals that lead to the horrors of corridor care, the dreadful ambulance waiting times that we have seen and a knock-on effect on the community.
When I was contacted by the family of a terminally ill man in Wem in my constituency last month, I was reminded that not only is care often provided in the wrong place, but it is often not available at all.
Will the Government bring forward the timeline for the horribly delayed Casey review to report back, get it done this year and heed Liberal Democrat calls for cross-party talks so that we can agree on a long-term solution for the crisis?
May I just tackle the idea that we are not working at pace on these issues?
We have had the unpaid carer’s uplift from £151 to £196, which is the biggest uplift in carer’s allowance since the 1970s when the policy was brought in; hundreds of millions of  pounds’ uplift in the disabled facilities grant; and groundbreaking legislation for a fair pay agreement for care workers.
Those are just some of the immediate steps that we have taken.
The first phase of the Casey review will report next year and we continue to work closely with Baroness Casey to deliver the reforms that are so desperately needed after 14 years of neglect, including a number of years when the Liberal Democrats were in government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Waiting lists are at their lowest level for two years, we have taken almost a quarter of a million patients off waiting lists and for the first time in 17 years waiting lists were cut in April.
There is a long way to go, but this Government are finally putting the NHS on the road to recovery.
Through our plan for change, I have announced that the NHS will also be at the forefront of the revolution in life sciences.
Through the NHS app, patients will be linked up with relevant trials to boost our life sciences sector, generate investment for the NHS and develop the medicines of the future.
It is nearly four years since Professor Sir Chris Whitty published his striking report on health in coastal communities.
Covid inevitably delayed implementation, so will the Secretary of State look again at that report, deliver on the chief medical officer’s recommendations and ensure that my constituents in Bridlington and The Wolds can access the health services that they need?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to commend Sir Chris Whitty’s report.
We have taken that into consideration, as well as the wider consultation we did in preparation for our 10-year plan for health, which will commit to tackling the gross health inequalities that affect our country, particularly in rural and coastal communities.
Will the  Secretary of State join me in welcoming the recent NHS waiting list figures that show that the Worcestershire acute hospitals NHS trust has seen a fall of over 6,000 since this Government came into office?
Does he agree that progress like this shows that, in partnership with our hard-working NHS staff, we can be the generation that takes the NHS from the worst crisis in its history to the NHS that people deserve?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is thanks to the fact that his constituents sent him to this House of Commons that we have a Labour Government able to deliver, with him, for his community.