One of the main concerns I have about assisted dying is that it should never be easier to help someone die than it is to help them live.
If passed, the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill would make thousands of terminally ill people every year eligible to end their lives on the NHS.
Does our health service have the money to fund this service as well as its priority of bringing down waiting lists?
Can I first thank my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care for the considerable amount of work he has done to support the House as it makes its deliberations on this important issue?
Of course, the Government are neutral; it is for the House to decide.
There is not money allocated to set up the service in the Bill at present, but it is for Members of this House and the other place, should the Bill proceed, to decide whether to proceed.
That is a decision that this Government will respect either way.
The  UK is desperately short of doctors, but thousands of applicants will be turned away due to a lack of training places.
This is not a situation of the Minister’s making, but he has now been in post for a year.
Can he assure us  that nobody—no union, no Treasury Minister—will prevent him from doing what needs to be done and lifting the training cap?
I should just say for the record that it is thanks to my friends at the Treasury that we are able to do so much to invest in our health service.
It is important to put that on record ahead of the Budget.
The hon.
Lady raises a really serious issue, and we are looking carefully at what we can do to ensure that we get great people into our health service and that they can look forward to a great career.
We are not in the right place as a country now; we need to be in a better place.
The 10-year plan will set out our ambitions on workforce and we will publish a new workforce plan later this year.
It is 16 months since the publication of the Hughes report, but those patients harmed by sodium valproate continue to await the outcome on the redress that the Government will provide.
Will the Secretary of State please provide an update on when they can expect an announcement on the redress that will be made available to them?