The Minister for Secondary Care recently visited my constituency and saw the pressures that Newham hospital A&E was under.
That is partly due to the pressures left by the previous Conservative Government, and partly due to capacity issues resulting from a massive growth in population in the borough.
Further pressures will come as we regenerate the massive areas of brownfield site in the Royal Docks.
Can the Secretary of State reassure my constituents that, as well as the excellent work being done on day-to-day capacity, we will be looking at infrastructure over the longer term to make sure that we are not only dealing with the growth that we have had, but future-proofing for the population growth to come?
I know that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Secondary Care enjoyed her visit, and I thank the staff at Newham hospital for the work they do, which also benefits my constituents.
We need to make sure that we are supporting hospitals across our country to meet need, because we are part of a wider ecosystem—I noticed that that point was also powerfully made by  the hon.
Member for Romford (Andrew Rosindell)  in his question.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham and Beckton (James Asser)  is right to raise increasing demand and pressures, which is why we will shortly publish our 10-year plan for health.
I am happy to report that Whipps Cross and Newham hospitals have also been provisionally allocated £28 million this year to improve buildings and estates.
The Government continue to claim that they wish to expand community diagnostic centres to speed up scanning and treatment of patients and therefore reduce demand on the likes of A&E.
If that is the case, why are they cutting the revenue tariffs that were available to the community diagnostic centres under the previous Conservative Government, which has already impacted the financial viability of the CDCs and access for patients?
I think the hon.
Gentleman will find that, since this Government came to power, we have reduced the size of NHS waiting lists by a quarter of a million.
NHS waiting lists are coming down—latest figures show that this is the first time in 17 years that waiting lists have fallen in the month of April—so we are making progress, not least thanks to the investment that we are putting into community diagnostic centres.
The hon.
Gentleman has some brass neck to complain about NHS services under this Government, when we are cleaning up the mess that the previous Government left behind.
It would also help to extend the hours at Chorley A&E. Whether his Department has made an assessment of the effectiveness of the ban on the use of sunbeds by under-18s.
The Sunbeds (Regulation) Act 2010 banned the use of commercial sunbeds for under-18s, requiring businesses to prevent under-age use.
The Department has commissioned the Committee on Medical Aspects of Radiation in the Environment to review the Act, including the effectiveness of the under-18 ban.
According to Cancer Research UK, 86% of melanoma skin cancer cases are preventable.
My constituent Charlotte, who has stage 4 melanoma, is leading a campaign alongside Melanoma Focus to get better enforcement for the ban on sunbeds for under-18s and to stop the use of harmful melanotan II products such as tanning nasal sprays and injections.
For under-35s, just one session on the sunbed is enough UV exposure to increase the risk of melanoma to 59%.
Prevention is better than cure.
Will the Minister meet us to discuss the effectiveness of the ban and preventive measures such as access to free sunscreen at events?
As someone who was diagnosed myself with an earlier stage melanoma, I really commend the work of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I never used sunbeds and I spent holidays in my youth in Ireland, so I never saw much sun either—sorry to the Irish tourism board.
As my hon.
Friend says, it is an overwhelmingly preventable cancer, including by using sunscreen, better clothing, shading and no sunbeds.
It is up to event organisers to provide sunscreen at events, but my hon.
Friend is right.
I want to personally thank Melanoma Focus for the support it gave me during my diagnosis.
There are great charities out there to support people.
I am sure a Minister will be in contact with my hon.
Friend and her constituent soon to highlight the prevention aspects of this disease.
Until his recent death, my constituent Luke Webster had lived with alternating hemiplegia of childhood.
His life was short and he spent much of it being moved between different care facilities, to the frustration of his family.
At one such facility, Luke was abused.
Will the Minister meet me and Luke’s mother to discuss improved safeguards— Order.
I do not think this is relevant to sun tanning.
Let us move on.
What steps he is taking to reduce waiting times for biopsy results.
More patients are now getting world-leading testing technology in the NHS as part of our mission to revolutionise cancer care in this country.
The Government are spending £600 million a year in capital on diagnostics, including for the first time funding for the automation of histopathology laboratories to improve productivity.
We are also funding pathology networks to reach digital maturity by 2026, which will reduce unnecessary waits and repeated tests.
My constituent Julian noticed that he had a mole on his chest that was growing and bleeding.
Members of his family had died from skin cancer, so he was very concerned and went to his GP.
He was referred to the Kent integrated dermatology service and was told that the results would come back in four weeks.
They came back in 17 weeks.
I know that this issue is of personal concern to the Minister, so would she please investigate what happened and write to me?
The hon.
Member raises an awful case on behalf of his constituent.
Of course, our targeting of waiting lists includes diagnostics.
What happened in that case should not happen anywhere, and I will ensure that he gets a response as soon as possible.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the time taken for cancer diagnoses.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the time taken for cancer diagnoses.
Reducing waiting times for cancer diagnosis remains a key priority.
Under this Government, an extra 99,000 patients have had cancer diagnosed or ruled out.
This has been supported by investment, including in Cancer 360—a digital innovation that brings patient data into one central platform—and in NHS England’s cancer innovation open call to fast-track cutting-edge interventions into practice.
Our forthcoming national cancer plan will set out how we will speed up cancer diagnosis even further.
Our Labour Government have recently invested in a new state-of-the-art linear accelerator machine in Southend hospital.
The machine is the first of its type in the country and will drastically improve cancer treatments.
Please can the Minister outline how record levels of investment, such as in the LINAC machine and as announced at the spending review, will finally mean that the NHS will be there when we need it?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will benefit from the £70 million investment.
These machines are game changing and will reduce the number of visits for his constituents.
They are also  more reliable, which gives more capacity to the system.
That is better for staff, as there will be less appointment cancellations.
That is exactly the sort of thing we want to see more of, and we are delivering that under this Government.
It is the result of our drive to reduce long waits and treat more people quicker.
That was reinforced in last week’s spending review, and it is exactly what his constituents deserve.
Early diagnosis of less survivable cancers is vital if survival rates are to improve.
What assessment has the Department made of the report by the all-party parliamentary group on less survivable cancers that looks at earlier detection and faster diagnosis, and what steps are the Department taking to deliver on this?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that issue.
I commend her great work not just on the APPG but on leading the Health and Social Care Committee on behalf of its Chair,  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) .
She is right to highlight that it is a priority for the Government to diagnose cancers earlier and improve survival rates.
That is particularly important for the group of people with rare cancers.
The APPG’s report will inform the development of our national cancer plan, which will seek to include all aspects of care throughout the entirety of the cancer pathway.
Part of a successful cancer journey is swift cancer treatment as well as swift diagnosis.
My constituent Catherine was diagnosed last year with stage 3 breast cancer.
She had a mastectomy and went through chemotherapy.
She was then meant to begin a course of radiotherapy in December, but as of May that still had not begun.
What can the Department do to ensure that those unacceptable delays do not happen and lives can be saved?
Many hon.
Members across the House rightly highlight the actual experience of people throughout the entire pathway.
We have heard about the investment we are making in machines and in staff to ensure, on exactly this point, that people get not just that faster diagnosis—that is so important, particularly if cancer is ruled out—but faster care across the entire pathway.
The majority of people on waiting lists are on them for diagnostics, which is exactly why we are investing more in capital and investing in staff to ensure that the process is quicker and better for patients.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me about any particular issues, I will obviously respond to her.
Every 17 minutes, someone in Yorkshire is told that they have cancer.
Tomorrow, I will be launching a report for Yorkshire Cancer Research, which is based in my constituency, that will set out key recommendations.
Will the Minister meet us to talk about how we can feed them into the national cancer plan?
The work that the hon.
Member is doing locally with that group is essential.
I will ensure that we have a good response for him, whether it is meeting me or a colleague.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
We are getting the NHS back on its feet and making it fit for the future by shifting care to the community with £889 million more for GPs, 1,700 additional frontline GPs, 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments annually and a 19% uplift to the community pharmacy contract.
Looking to the future, our commitment to building a neighbourhood health service is right at the heart of our 10-year plan.
I am delighted by the Government’s commitment to moving healthcare closer to the community, including through the establishment of neighbourhood health centres.
That is exactly what we need in Aylesbury, and I am pleased that all our key healthcare providers, including the NHS trust and several GP practices, are already working together to better integrate their care, which is an important step in the right direction.
Will the Minister update me on his progress towards the model of neighbourhood-based healthcare?
Can he advise what more Aylesbury’s healthcare providers can do to ensure that my residents benefit from the Government’s work in this area?
It is really good to hear about the fantastic work going on in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
We are working with systems to move to a neighbourhood health model by building on existing good practice, particularly around the development of multidisciplinary teams.
Aylesbury is an outstanding example of that.
Ahead of the 10-year health plan’s publication, local communities can continue to make progress by utilising the neighbourhood health guidelines that were published back in January.
Dental patients with untreated need end up in hospitals.
In places like Hedon in my constituency, we have seen more and more dental practices moving away from the NHS.
I have a constituent who found it took her three years to get her child their first check-up, and that dental practice has now ceased to look after NHS patients.
She also cannot get the NHS treatment she deserves herself, even though she had a child in February.
What in the 10-year plan will change that and ensure that everyone can get access to NHS dentistry?
The right hon.
Member is right to point to children’s dental health.
After we won the election in July, I looked across my portfolio and it was pretty much a car crash in every aspect, thanks to the incompetence of previous Governments.
Perhaps the most shocking statistic of all is that the biggest reason five to nine-year-old children are admitted to hospital is to have their rotten teeth removed.
That is a Dickensian state of affairs.
We are working with the British Dental Association on contract reform.
We have got to incentivise NHS dentistry, do away with the false economy set up under the last Government and get dentistry back to where it needs to be.
The saying goes that it takes a village to raise a baby, meaning that those in our community provide families with vital support.
Does the Minister agree that we need to invest in more community midwives to ensure that families are properly supported through the whole of pregnancy and after birth?