Many of those on waiting lists are elderly and have chronic conditions; rather than seeing consultants at regular intervals, which may coincide with them being relatively well, they are often kept on open appointments so that they can call when they are ill.
This is efficient and responsive care.
Is the Minister aware that this provision is being stopped in some areas in order to improve figures?
I will quote from a letter about an elderly patient: “I regret cannot keep him on my waiting list under the open appointment” for treatment, and, “I have explained the politics of everything and where we are at.”
Being re-referred to a GP each time is expensive and a waste of time.
Can the Minister explain why doctors are being asked to make decisions for political reasons, instead of clinical ones?
I do not think any decisions are being made for political reasons—our medical and health staff are very much focused on doing the right thing from a clinical point of view.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about continuity of care, with people constantly having to be re-referred into the system.
Part of the reason for that is the utter incompetence with which the previous Government managed our primary care system, which has resulted in people being passed from pillar to post, the additional roles reimbursement scheme not actually being about having GPs on the frontline, but about having other staff, which creates more friction in the system, and poorer continuity of care.
This Government are going to bring back the family doctor—that is the way to get our general practice back on its feet.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle wasteful spending in the NHS.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle wasteful spending in the NHS.
This Government are delivering record investment in our NHS, but that investment is drawn from taxpayers, and we have a responsibility to every taxpayer in the land—as well as to patients—to ensure that every single penny is well spent.
That is why that investment is matched with bold reform, so that we get as much value as possible for every penny.
The abolition of NHS England will slash duplication and unnecessary bureaucracy, and I am pleased to report to the House that we have slashed spending on agency staff by almost £1 billion compared with last year.
All those savings are being reinvested into frontline care.
From speaking to my local NHS trust in Gateshead, I know the value it places on driving costs down, but it still faces financial pressures.
Key among those are issues related to the digital capital gap.
We are really keen in Gateshead to improve that situation and to allow more people to access the NHS remotely.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Gateshead NHS trust to talk about how we can tackle that?
I would be delighted to do so.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we have to ensure that the NHS is not only benefiting from, but at the forefront of the revolution taking place in digital services and medical technology.
It is key to driving productivity and financial sustainability.
That is why, at the spending review, the Chancellor announced that we would invest up to £10 billion in NHS technology and digital transformation; unlike our predecessors, we will not raid tech budgets to plug shortfalls in day-to-day spending.
Just this month, we announced the modernisation of the NHS app, so that patients can receive test results and book appointments, saving £200 million in stamps, envelopes and letters.