I am pleased to hear the Minister speak about Pharmacy First, which was brought forward by the previous Government and welcomed by communities, the public and the pharmacists.
Although I am pleased to see the Government continue it, why have they decided to cap the number of consultations that a pharmacist may do?
Part of that is about the financial arrangements for Pharmacy First, which need to be set at a level that incentivises pharmacists.
Sadly, given the  way in which the scheme was set up under the previous Government, those incentives were not working, which is one reason why the take-up of Pharmacy First has not been what it needs to be.
It is a question not of capping but much more one of getting the right level of financial compensation for Pharmacy First so that it works and incentivises the system.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer, but part of the problem is that once pharmacists hit that cap, they are no longer paid the £17 per consultation.
In turn, that means that either patients will be turned away, or the pharmacist must take the hit and pay for it themselves.
That disjoins the system and could create extra costs, because patients who are turned away will turn up in other areas of primary care, such as their GP surgery.
How does that fit with Darzi’s push towards community-based services?
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen—and I am sure will welcome—the record uplift of £3.1 billion that we are putting into the pharmacy sector after years of underfunding, incompetence and neglect from the Conservative party.
A big part of this is ensuring that the shift from hospital to community takes place, and we want pharmacists to be taking pressure off primary care.
We have to make Pharmacy First work effectively, which means getting the allocation of funding right.
That is what we are working on in terms of reforms.
Now that we have the spending review and the package, that is what we will be delivering.
If he will undertake a review of the potential impact of medicine supply chain shortages on community pharmacies.
Increasing the resilience of the UK medical supply chain is a key priority.
I regularly meet the team to routinely take action to mitigate supply issues, including requesting additional stock, identifying alternative global sources and issuing management advice.
Although the Department has no plans to conduct a specific review, we constantly work to identify and take forward further actions to reduce the impact of medicine shortages, including targeted winter monitoring.
Having worked in community pharmacies for nearly 20 years, I have witnessed at first hand the pain that medicine shortages can cause North Somerset patients and their loved ones.
Will the Minister meet me, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Exeter (Steve Race)  and other members of the all-party parliamentary group on pharmacy, to discuss the outcome of our inquiry into these shortages?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour on his dedicated career in community pharmacy, and thank him for the expertise that he brings to the work of the all-party parliamentary group to help Members understand the impact of this issue on patients and pharmacies.
I am planning to hold a parliamentary event on the subject in the autumn, and I am keen to work with the APPG to make it a success for all Members.
Supply chain problems are just one of the many issues that are having an impact on community pharmacies.
My local pharmacy in Noak Bridge is one of them, but it is also being hammered with national insurance increases, and the combination of these issues means that its long-term viability is at stake.
Will the review that the Minister has mentioned include all the impacts on community pharmacies that are affecting their long-term viability?
The long-term viability of pharmacies and, indeed, the whole NHS was under threat from the right hon.
Gentleman and his party, but thanks to this Government, it is being made fit for the future.
This is a serious issue for all our constituents, and we want to make the system work better.
The right hon.
Gentleman will see from the 10-year plan that we will make the NHS fit for his constituents, mine and those of every other Member.