It was interesting to note that, during her statement, she did not mention her favourite phrase from a year or so ago—namely, that she was going to “smash the gangs.”
I wonder why she was so silent on her previously favourite catchphrase.
The answer is that it is not going very well.
She mentioned National Crime Agency disruptions.
Let me gently point out that 84% of those National Crime Agency disruptions that she cited a few minutes ago are classified as not being high impact, and National Crime Agency arrests for organised immigration crime actually went down by 16% in the last financial year.
That is hardly smashing the gangs.
In fact, the NCA’s arrests for organised immigration crime in that financial year were only 26—a drop in the ocean compared with the tens of thousands crossing the channel.
It was also rather conspicuous that the Home Secretary did not mention even a word about the numbers illegally crossing the English channel.
I wonder why that was.
I wonder why she forgot to say a single word about that.
The reason, I am afraid, is pretty clear.
Far from smashing the gangs, so far this year, 29,000—to be precise, 29,003—illegal immigrants have crossed the English channel.
That is the worst year in history, and it is up by 38% compared with last year.
That is not success; it is failure.
Things are not getting any better; they are getting worse.
This Government are failing and everyone can see it.
That is why there are protests up and down the country, and  where those protests are peaceful, I support them.
That is why 75% of the public think the Government are handling immigration and asylum badly.
That is a shocking figure; let it sink in.
Let me turn to hotels.
In the nine months before the last general election, 200 hotels were closed down, including the Bell hotel in Epping, but since the election the numbers in asylum hotels have actually gone up by 8%.
Had that previous trend of closures continued, there would be no asylum hotels open at all today.
I ask the Home Secretary to confirm that she will not reduce hotel usage simply by shunting asylum seekers from hotels into flats and houses in multiple occupation, which are desperately needed by young people.
Will she give the House that categoric assurance?
Last week the Home Secretary’s lawyers said that the rights of illegal immigrants were more important than the rights of local people in places such as Epping.
When this was expressly put in those terms to the Education Secretary yesterday on “Sunday Morning with Trevor Phillips”, she shamefully agreed.
Those statements are a disgrace.
Does the Home Secretary realise how angry that makes people feel?
It speaks of a Government not on the side of the people in this country.
It means the Government appear to care more about the rights of illegal immigrants than our own citizens.
Will she apologise for what her lawyers and the Education Secretary said, and will she undertake to ensure that Ministers and their lawyers will never say that again?
The Home Secretary talks about her returns deal with France.
It has been reported that the deal will return only about 50 people a week, amounting to 6% of arrivals.
Does she accept that allowing 94% of illegal arrivals to stay will act as no deterrent at all?
If she does not accept that figure of 50 a week, will she tell the House exactly how many immigrants crossing the channel will in fact be returned under her deal?
She may recall that back in July we were told by the Government that the first returns would happen “within weeks”.
Will she confirm to the House that the number that has actually been returned so far is precisely zero?
The Home Secretary said to the House a couple of minutes ago that there would be security checks on those people reciprocally taken from France into the UK, but will she confirm that her agreement with France says expressly that the French Government will not provide the UK Government with any information at all—any personal data about those migrants—so if there are criminal convictions or suspicions about extremism or terrorism, the French Government will not provide information to us?
If that is true, as her agreement says, how can she possibly conduct security checks?
The Home Secretary talked about tweaks to family visa rules.
Let me be clear about the Opposition’s position on this.
If someone enters this country illegally, they should not be allowed to bring in any family members.
In fact, everybody entering this country illegally should be immediately removed, to their country of origin if possible, and if that is not possible, to a safe third country such as Rwanda—a scheme which she cancelled just days before it was due to start.
The public expect that approach—an approach which she cancelled—because the numbers crossing the channel so far this year have been the worst ever; the worst in history.
It is not just that the numbers are high.
Hundreds of migrants, having crossed the channel and living in those hotels, have been charged with criminal offences, including sexual assaults on girls as young as eight years old and multiple rapes.
This is not just a border security crisis; it is a public safety crisis as well, and people up and down this country are furious.
That is why they are protesting, and that is why 75% of the public think this Government are failing on asylum and immigration.
If this Government were serious about fixing this problem, they would know that little tweaks here and there are not enough.
Tweaks to article 8 are not going to be enough.
Tweaking the family reunion rules is not enough.
Returning maybe 50 people a week, if we are lucky, to France is not going to be enough.
Intercepting maybe a few boats—worthy though that is—is not going to be enough.
The only way these crossings will stop—the only way we are going to get back control of our borders—is if everybody crossing the channel knows that they will be returned.
We tabled a Bill in Parliament a few weeks ago to do that.
We had a plan to do that: the Rwanda Bill.
We need to go further by disapplying to immigration matters the entire Human Rights Act 1998, not just tinkering with article 8.
If the Government were serious, that is what they would do.
If the Home Secretary really wants to control our borders, and if she really wants to get down the record numbers that have been crossing on her watch, she would back our plan, disapply the Human Rights Act in its entirety to immigration matters, and ensure that every single person crossing the channel is immediately removed.
I worry about the shadow Home Secretary’s amnesia.
In the 14 years that the Conservatives were in government, they never managed to do any of the fantasy things that he claims they did.
Let us come back to reality from his fantasy rhetoric.
The shadow Home Secretary talked about the approach that his Government were taking before the election.
It is worth reminding the House of what that approach was.
Asylum decisions dropped by 70%.
The Conservatives effectively had a freeze on taking asylum decisions, and they were returning those asylum seekers nowhere—not to France, not to the safe countries that people had passed through, and not to Rwanda, despite running that scheme for over two years with only four volunteers going at a cost of £700 million.
Their approach left us with a soaring backlog.
Had we continued with that totally failed approach—not taking asylum decisions, not returning people anywhere—there would have been tens of thousands more people in asylum accommodation and hotels across the country right now.
That is the kind of chaos that his policies were heading towards.
It is the kind of chaos that he is promising again now.
The House will remember the shadow Home Secretary’s personal record.
Small boat arrivals went up tenfold on his watch as immigration Minister.
Fewer than 1,000 asylum seekers were in hotels by the time he became immigration Minister, but there were more than 20,000 by the time he left his post.
On his new concern for local councils, he was the immigration Minister who wrote to local authorities to tell them that he was stopping the requirement on them to agree to accommodation and that he had “instead, authorised Providers to identify any suitable properties that they consider appropriate.”
We agree with communities across the country that asylum hotels must all close, and I understand why individual councils want to take action in their areas, but I say to the shadow Home Secretary that a party that wants to be in government should have a proper plan for the whole country, and not just promote a chaotic approach that ends up making things worse in lots of areas.
That is the Conservatives’ record.
We have asylum hotels in the first place because the Conservatives did no planning and let the Manston chaos get out of control.
As immigration Ministers, both the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , and the shadow Home Secretary rushed around the country opening hotels instead of taking a practical, steady approach to get to the heart of the problem, reduce the asylum system, strengthen our border security and tackle and reform the appeals that are causing huge delays.
Let me make a final point.
The Government strongly believe that sex offenders should be banned from the asylum system altogether.
That is why we have put those details into the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which the shadow Home Secretary’s party has voted against time and again and is still resisting in the House of Lords.
If Opposition parties supported and worked with us, that law could be on the statute book and we could have stronger powers against sex offenders, stronger counter-terrorism powers to go after criminal gangs, and stronger powers to tackle the offences being committed in the channel and across the country.
The trouble is that what the Conservatives are doing in opposition is an even worse version of what they did in government: ramping up the rhetoric with policies that would make the chaos worse.
This Government will fix the chaos that we inherited and strengthen our border security for the sake of the whole country.