It is good to see the Minister back after the break, but I am sorry to hear that there are still no plans to reduce spending on personal independence payments.
He has said that he is collaborating with people who would not be working with him on his review if there were to be any reductions in the levels of benefit or eligibility.
Given that veto on cuts to PIP, I implore him again to consider the benefits to which PIP is a gateway, such as Motability, disability premiums, council tax discounts and blue badges.
Will he promise at least that those entitlements could come down?
We have made it clear that we will co-produce our review of the PIP assessment with disabled people and representatives of disability organisations.
The review will cover the assessment for the mobility component, which leads on to the Motability scheme, and other entitlements to which PIP is a gateway.
But with no possibility of any of those entitlements coming down or any of the spending being reduced?
We have 1.25 million foreign nationals claiming universal credit, most of whom are not in employment.
I hope that the Minister does not plan to co-produce his plans with foreign nationals—although, knowing Labour lawyers, I expect they will say that the European convention on human rights demands that they do just that.
Does he think that subsidising more and more foreign nationals is what the British social security system is for?
If not, will he restrict sickness benefits to British nationals only, as we have argued for?
It is crucial that we have a fair system.
We are reviewing universal credit at the moment, considering problems such as the five-week wait that was inserted when universal credit was introduced and changes to ensure that universal credit effectively tackles poverty and does the job that we need it to do.
Fairness will be at the heart of the system.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Croydon East constituency.
In Croydon East, young people aged 18 to 21 will be helped by the youth guarantee trailblazer being delivered by the Greater London Authority.
It will strengthen early identification and outreach to engage young Londoners who are not, or risk not being, in employment, education or training, by linking them to enhanced support, employment and education opportunities and the essential services that they need.
I am glad that the DWP will continue to support communities in Croydon East by hosting an information stall at my hon.
Friend’s upcoming advice fair in New Addington.
Croydon is London’s youngest borough.
Given that 6.6% of people aged 16 to 24 in my Croydon East constituency claim out-of-work benefits, supporting young people into work, and breaking down barriers to opportunity, is vital.
Will the Minister give a little more detail about the additional funding for the London youth guarantee trailblazers, and will she outline how that will help Croydon’s young people into work?
I look forward to having the DWP with us in New Addington.
I will pass on my hon.
Friend’s comments to my colleagues in Croydon, who are keen to work with her and the other MPs there.
In the summer, the Secretary of State announced further funding of £45 million for our eight youth guarantee trailblazers.
That will ensure that in London, as in the rest of the country, our young people get the choices and chances that they deserve.
What steps she is taking to help tackle fraud in the welfare system.
The Government have committed to significant measures to counter welfare fraud, error and debt.
This is the biggest package of such measures in recent history, and the Office for Budget Responsibility has estimated that it will deliver an additional £9.6 billion of savings over the next five years.
The package is underpinned by our Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, which contains a range of new powers to enable us to keep pace with offenders who exploit the social security system.
I think we can all agree that fraud strikes at the heart of the system, kicking away its underpinnings.
I hope that the Government will undertake a zero-tolerance approach, unlike in Scotland, where we  recently heard that £36 million of benefit money paid out in error is now not to be recovered.
Does the Minister agree that that is deeply unfair to taxpayers?
The hon.
Gentleman tempts me to encroach on what are legitimately policy questions for the Scottish Government.
The policy of this Government is clear and set out in the Bill, but I am grateful to the Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice for continuing to work with me constructively to make the Bill as workable as possible, with alignment where possible, such that if we end up diverging we are still able to ensure that this Parliament does everything it can, and the Scottish Government do everything they choose to do, to bear down on fraud and error.
Does the Minister share my surprise that a Member of the party responsible for more than a decade of rising poverty, record benefit delays, and billions lost to fraud and error is now suddenly concerned about tackling that?
Across the House, while we recognise the need to tackle fraud in our welfare system, we should also recognise the huge issue with tax avoidance and evasion—as recently highlighted by the Public Accounts Committee—which requires significant attention.
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
This Government are determined to bear down on tax evasion with 5,000 additional investigators.
Wherever we see people ripping off the public purse, whether that is defrauding the Department for Work and Pensions or abusing the tax system, we are determined to bear down on them, and that is what we will do.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
The PIP application process is outdated and can be very difficult to navigate.
The health transformation programme will deliver radical improvements and much better efficiency.
In my constituency, I was contacted by a woman who had suffered two strokes, resulting in permanent right-side paralysis and ongoing mobility difficulties.
Despite her condition being permanent, she has had to undergo reassessment for PIP and has appealed for it to be reinstated.
I welcome the Government changing the reassessment requirement for people with long-term health conditions.
Will the Minister clarify what steps the Government are taking to reduce the stress and difficulty of the PIP application process for people with those serious health conditions?
The health transformation programme that I mentioned will allow the introduction of a modern digital service, which is certainly not how the existing arrangements could be characterised.
It is a big job—the programme will run until 2029—but the outcome from it will be a process that is simpler and  easier to understand, which I hope will reduce the stress to which the hon.
Member has rightly drawn attention, with shorter decision times.
Over the summer, I have been doing a deep dive into children with special educational needs and disabilities, not least the transition points between education and work.
As part of the Timms review—the Minister’s own review—will he ensure that that interface is looked at, so that there is a smooth transition for young people, as opposed to the cliff edges that many of them face when making the transition into work?
The review will look specifically at the PIP assessment, but one proposal in our Green Paper published earlier this year was increasing the age of transition from DLA to PIP from 16 to 18.
I think that that change could assist with the concern expressed by my hon.
Friend.
We are looking at the consultation responses that we have received.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on reducing poverty.
We are determined to drive down child poverty in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and right across Scotland and the rest of the UK.
Our child poverty strategy will look at every lever at our disposal to drive up family incomes, to drive down family costs and to give every child the best start in life.
I discuss such issues regularly with the Chancellor and Ministers across Government, because we will leave no stone unturned to ensure that every child can fulfil their potential—they deserve it and our country needs it.
Two million pensioners in the UK are in poverty, and the British state pension is among the worst in north-west Europe.
During the independence referendum, Better Together claimed that our pensions are more affordable when Scotland is part of the UK.
Eleven years on, will the Minister tell me exactly what the Union is doing for Scottish pensioners, other than impoverishing them?
Investing an additional £31 billion in the triple lock over this Parliament is delivering huge benefits to pensioners in Scotland, as are our measures to drive up the uptake of pension credit in order to help the very poorest pensioners; our measures to stabilise the economy; and our investment in the NHS, on which many pensioners rely.
I am proud of the action that we are taking.
Given that this Government have agreed and are giving Scotland its biggest ever funding settlement, the hon.
Gentleman should ask some challenging questions of his Government, to ensure that they deliver for Scotland’s pensioners, too.
Last year, a staggering one in four kids in Derby lived in poverty.
Our local charities, such as the Derby Food 4 Thought Alliance, do amazing work; last year, they handed out 20,000 food parcels.
Will the Secretary of State ensure  that the upcoming child poverty strategy addresses the root causes of child food poverty, so that parents are not left struggling to put tea on the table?
I understand very well the issue that my hon.
Friend raises.
As a former chair of Feeding Leicester, the programme to end hunger in my city, I see only too clearly the links between poverty and dependence on emergency food parcels.
I am very proud that we have already slashed deductions in universal credit and extended the crisis and resilience fund, providing it with its first three-year funding settlement.
There is much more to do.
We want to make sure that children have hungry minds, not hungry bellies, and we are determined to deliver that.
The best way to reduce poverty is for people to be in work, but as a result of this Government’s damaging economic policies, we have seen youth unemployment rise by 6% since the general election.
What representations will the Secretary of State make to the Chancellor ahead of the Budget to ensure that more damage is not done?
The Labour party believes that everybody who can work must work.
The hon.
Gentleman should look at his own party’s record: progress on the disability employment gap and the lone parent employment rate stalled under its watch, and economic inactivity rose.
We are the only country in the G7 whose employment rate has not got back to pre-pandemic levels.
We are overhauling our employment system to help more people into work, and to get on in work.
I am proud of our record; maybe he should look at his own.
Tackling poverty should be a key priority of any Government who wish to see their people thrive.
The Equality Act 2010 includes a socioeconomic duty on all public bodies to address inequalities “when making strategic decisions”.
When will that duty be enacted in England?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
Throughout its work, the DWP is already looking at how to narrow the gaps between different parts of the country and different groups of people.
We have set our jobcentres and employment systems new targets for reducing those gaps, and we are taking cross-Government action to tackle child poverty.
We have achieved a lot.
There is a lot more to do, but this Government, unlike Opposition Members, have made tackling poverty an absolute priority.
Our child poverty strategy is coming out in the autumn, so I ask hon.
Members to watch this space.
What estimate she has made of the number of 16 to 24-year-olds receiving universal credit.
The latest provisional statistics, taken from Stat-Xplore, show that in July 2025, there were 768,000 people aged 16 to 24 on universal credit.
About a quarter of those young people—around 180,000—are on universal credit and in work.
According to the Library, in my constituency, the claimant count among those aged 16 to 24 has risen by 46%; that is one of the largest percentage increases in the country.
Conservative Members know that the Government have a moral duty not to let our young people learn that a life of benefits is the life for them, so how does the Minister explain that increase?
What will she do?
I must remind Conservative Members again that it was their party that introduced universal credit, removing the distinction between out-of-work benefits and in-work benefits.
For three quarters of young people who are out of work and on universal credit, our guarantee for young people will make sure that they get a second chance in life, after they were utterly failed during the pandemic by the Conservative party.
What steps she is taking to improve data sharing between her Department and local authorities.
The Department continues to provide a broad range of data to local authorities to enable fast, accurate assessments for services, including blue badges and free school meals.
Looking ahead, the Department is committed to expanding real-time data sharing in critical areas, such as housing benefit and care homes, while also testing innovative models such as the WorkWell scheme, which bring together local and central services to deliver more joined-up support for citizens.
In Warrington South, too many children entitled to free school meals are missing out because of avoidable administrative barriers.
No child should have to sit in a classroom hungry; every child deserves a full stomach and a fair chance.
A simple change would make a big difference and ensure that every eligible child got the support that they are entitled to.
It would ease pressure on families, help to reduce child poverty, and give schools confidence that pupils are ready to learn.
Will the Minister commit to strengthening data sharing with not only local authorities, but the Department for Education, so that automatic enrolment for free school meals can be introduced?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise this issue.
We will look at that, working closely with the Department for Education, as part of the child poverty strategy.
We of course share her ambition to ensure that families can claim the support that they need.
Our expansion of free school meals to all children in households claiming universal credit will make it much easier for parents to know if they are eligible, as well as lifting some 100,000 children out of poverty.