The hon.
Gentleman will understand that we want this strategy to be for England, Wales, Scotland and, of course, Northern Ireland.
He will be reassured to learn that those leading on the child poverty strategy have held a number of meetings with Ministers in Northern Ireland to ensure that its specific needs are taken into consideration.
What steps is she taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Bristol North East constituency.
One in eight young people are not in education, employment or training.
That is bad for them, bad for businesses and bad for our country as a whole.
Our west of England youth guarantee trailblazer, which covers my hon.
Friend’s constituency, is helping to remove barriers to work for young people, including by providing free bus travel for participants and connecting young people with skills support.
Last month, I announced an additional £45 million to extend our youth guarantee trailblazers, so that we can guarantee that all young people are earning or learning.
That is fantastic to hear.
Will the Secretary of State set out the practical impact of the west of England youth guarantee trailblazer so far?
Assuming that it is positive, will she confirm plans to back it up with more investment, in order to support our young people in the Bristol area?
I am really proud of the work being led in the west of England—including by our fantastic Mayor, Helen Godwin—to help more young people.
The trailblazer is engaging much more deeply with employers—it has engaged over 135 of them.
It is helping to enrol young people on employability courses and giving them more work placements, giving them the skills and experience they need.
As my hon.
Friend knows, young people say that they need a job to gain experience, but in order to get the job, they need that experience.
We are trying to turn that around.
We have announced additional funding of up to another £5 million for that west of England youth guarantee trailblazer.
A lot has been done, but there is a lot more to do.
What steps she is taking to increase the uptake of pension credit.
The Government are committed to ensuring that all pensioners receive the support to which they are entitled.
That is why we have been running the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign.
We plan to continue promotional activity from September  through to the end of this financial year, with the focus not just on eligible pensioners but on their friends and family too.
Earlier this year, a constituent of mine in Edinburgh West contacted me about the delay she had faced in getting the pension credit she was entitled to.
She applied in September last year and was told that she would receive it in November, but it was March before she got her pension credit awarded.
The delay meant that she went without extra support just when she lost her winter fuel allowance, so what steps will the Minister take to cut those delays and stop more vulnerable pensioners from being left cold this winter?
I hope the hon.
Member will write to me with the details of the case she raised.
On the more general picture, I can reassure her that we now have a lower backlog of pension credit cases to be processed than we inherited from the last Government, despite the record number of claims that have come through.
Boots has been a significant employer in my constituency since 1927, and many of my constituents have been proud to work for it.
However, those close to claiming their pensions have been advised that they will be unable to withdraw their pension at an unreduced rate at the age of 60, contrary to what they were led to believe.
Does the Minister recognise the frustration that many of the Boots pensioners feel, and does he agree that the Pensions Ombudsman should progress swiftly with its process?
My hon.
Friend has raised this matter with me before, and the one thing I can confirm is that she is a powerful advocate for her constituents on this very important issue for them.
As she knows, I cannot comment on individual cases—particularly as the matter is now with the Pensions Ombudsman—but more generally, it is important that promises made to pensioners about their pensions are lived up to.
Making sure that happens is exactly why the Pensions Ombudsman exists.