Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It is good to see you back after the summer recess.
The hon.
Lady can fling around the stats all she likes, but the facts are clear and bleak.
Under her watch, youth unemployment has gone up; nearly a million young people, and rising, are not in work or education, including over 40,000 more young women.
A generation of brilliant young people are going on to benefits, rather than into work.
The Government’s jobs tax and their unemployment rights Bill were guaranteed to reduce opportunities for young people.
We have had the winter fuel U-turn and the welfare U-turn; why not a U-turn to help young people?
The damage was done to the coming generation under the Tories.
We failed the pandemic generation, who put a shift in—they stayed at home and gave up their social lives to save older loved ones.
I could talk at length about our youth guarantee, our trailblazers and the work we are doing to expand youth hubs, but actually, it sticks in my craw to hear the Conservatives, who failed this generation, harp on about it from that Dispatch Box.
What steps she is taking to support young people into training in Hexham constituency.
This Labour Government believe that every young person should be able to fulfil their potential.
Unlike Conservative Members, we will not stand by while almost 1 million young people are not in education, employment or training.
Our Get Britain Working trailblazer in the north-east is already helping young and neurodivergent people with supported work and training placements, including in Hexham.
The local jobcentre is also working with Newcastle United Foundation to help young people build their confidence and develop their skills so that they and our country can look forward to a brighter future.
For too long, previous Governments did not take into account the realities of life in communities across my constituency, which is incredibly sparsely populated and quite rural.
The youth guarantee can and will make a considerable difference in communities  all across it, from the Tyne Valley all the way out to the north Tyne and into Callerton and Throckley, too.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to ensure that we continue to support young people in all those different, disparate communities to access the skills and opportunities they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is right that people have different needs in different parts of the country.
We need to tailor employment support to the needs of individuals, so alongside measures like our youth guarantee, we are overhauling our jobcentres to provide that more personalised support and introducing measures such as mobile jobcentres to provide better help in rural areas.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Barrow and Furness constituency.
Given the significant investment, the DWP has partnered with BAE and the nuclear sector to promote a variety of career pathways, including roles across its supply chains.
We are also working within BAE’s new “The Bridge” hub in Barrow—a collaborative space offering employment advice and support from BAE Systems and a range of local employers and organisations to connect talent with locally based jobs.
Further, in Barrow, our youth hub is run in partnership with Brathay Trust and Project John, supporting young people holistically to meet employers and develop their talents.
I have been impressed by the work being done in Drop Zone in my constituency.
It runs a variety of projects for young people, including specialised education for those with additional needs, mental health support, and support for the transition back into education, employment and training.
But young people in Barrow and Furness still face difficult challenges from a long legacy of underfunding.
The youth trailblazer scheme is already making a difference in some constituencies after just a few months.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can tailor the scheme to specifically target young people in Barrow and Furness?
Barrow has unique circumstances, challenges and opportunities, and it is important that all parts of the Government address those unique opportunities and challenges in Barrow.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to further discuss what we are already doing and what more we can go on to do to ensure that young people in Barrow have the best possible chance in life.
What estimate she has made of the level of spending on health and disability benefits by 2030.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast in March that incapacity and disability benefits  spending would be £90.7 billion in 2029-30.
That figure will be updated at the Budget.
Better employment support and removing perverse work incentives in universal credit are the key to getting more people into work.
Just two months ago, the Secretary of State was left humiliated after being forced to significantly water down her botched welfare Bill.
If the Government had pressed ahead with the Bill as originally drafted, how much less would taxpayers be spending on benefits by 2030?
As I have said, the OBR will update its forecast at the time of the Budget.
We inherited a terrible situation, with record numbers of economically inactive people.
Economic inactivity is down since the election, and employment is up.
Those developments have been encouraging, but our reforms will go much further.
The £3.8 billion that we are investing in employment support for people out of work on health and disability grounds—the biggest package ever—will be key.
Does the Minister agree that we must invest in community mental health services if we are to reduce spending on mental health disability?
I very much welcome the NHS 10-year plan published by our right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary, which gives a new priority and commitment to mental health support.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that that is an important part of tackling the problems that we need to resolve.