The family reunion arrangements are being used differently from how they were used five years ago.
The number of people applying for family reunion immediately —before they have a job, a house or any way of being able to support their families—is increasing the homelessness pressures on local authorities at a time when we need them not just to do their bit to help to clear hotels, but, crucially, to provide homelessness support in the local community.
It is important to ensure that arrangements for the families of refugees do not put additional pressure on the homelessness support system, so we will set out reforms and ensure that, in the interim, refugees are included in the existing arrangements that apply to all sponsors in the UK for family reunion.
We need to speed up appeals.
The average appeal time is now 54 weeks, which is far too long.
Some appeals go on for way longer, meaning people with repeat appeals are in asylum accommodation for years, preventing the closure of asylum hotels that needs to take place, which is why we need the reforms.
Finally, the hon.
Lady raised the issue of flags.
I strongly support the flying of flags across the country—we fly the St George’s flag in Pontefract castle each year.
As she will know, the Union flag is on the Labour party membership card—[Interruption.]
I can show her a copy if she has not seen one.
Flags should be an embodiment of bringing our country together—that will be the same in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland—and a way to bring our country together through symbolism.
A couple of years ago, I was working in local government in Scotland, trying to deal with the impact of asylum hotels.
At that time, the shadow Home Secretary was a Minister in the Home Office, and he opened hotel after hotel, without even telling councils that that was happening, so his amnesia today is staggering.
We did not have asylum hotels five years ago, but we have them now because the last Government signed a contract with private providers that has cost billions of pounds, putting pressure on communities, as well as being a procurement scandal.
Will the Home Secretary commit to reading the report on this issue that the Home Affairs Committee is about to publish, and to looking as creatively as she can at managing those asylum contracts to get the best deal possible for the taxpayer?
I look forward to reading the Home Affairs Committee’s report and I thank my hon.
Friend for his work on the Committee.
We have already been  working to get better value from the contracts that we inherited, which is one reason that we have saved nearly £1 billion on asylum accommodation costs since the election.
He is right to point out that the previous Government completely lost control of the system in 2022.
There was a total lack of planning or any grip on the situation, as well as chaos around management that was incredibly costly.
The sudden surge of asylum hotels opening all over the country, with poor contracts that provided poor value for money, was bad for the taxpayer and damaging to having an effective system across the country.
We cannot go back to that kind of chaos.
Home Secretary, please: we have a tinder-box situation in Epping.
We have the Bell hotel, with alleged sexual and physical assaults, and now twice-weekly major protests, some of which became violent, with injuries to police officers.
Appallingly, last week the Government successfully appealed against the injunction on the hotel, prioritising the rights of illegal migrants over the rights and, indeed, safety of the people of Epping.
Our community is in distress.
The situation is untenable.
This week the schools are back.
The hotel is in the wrong place, right near a school, and many concerned parents have contacted me.
When will the Home Secretary and the Government listen to us, address this issue and do the right and safe thing: close the Bell hotel immediately?