I am not often called understated, but I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments.
Welfare reform is always difficult because it involves real people and real lives, and it is a complicated and personal issue.
However, we are investing £3.8 billion in employment support to help sick and disabled people into work, we are introducing the first ever right to try work, and we are dealing fundamentally with the perverse incentive left by the Conservative party which encouraged people to define themselves as incapable of work.
We are  addressing that by raising the standard allowance of universal credit and halving the health top-up for new claims.
There is much more that we need to do, and we will be publishing our strategy to deal with child poverty in the autumn, but I am proud to say that the last Labour Government lifted 600,000 children out of poverty, while the hon.
Lady’s party plunged 900,000 children into poverty.
We will take action, and, as I said earlier, the hon.
Lady should watch this space.
I asked the right hon.
Lady a simple question, but I fear that she does not know the answer; she certainly did not reply to it.
What is clear is that Labour wants to spend more on welfare.
So do the Liberal Democrats, and so does Reform.
Only one party here is telling the truth about the welfare bill: the country cannot afford it.
May I urge the right hon.
Lady to take up my proposals?
Will she stop giving people benefits for common mental health problems such as anxiety and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and give them help instead?
Will she stop giving personal independence payments to foreign citizens who have not paid into our system and free cars to people who do not need them?
Will she stop people scamming the benefits system over the phone and on the internet?
Will she keep the two-child benefits cap, and get the benefits bill under control?
Order.
Can I just say that we are on topicals?
It is your own Members who are not going to get in.
The Conservative party failed on welfare because it failed on work.
The reason why we inherited such a dire situation with sickness and disability benefits is that the Conservatives failed to get people into work.
We are turning that around, and it is about time the hon.
Lady and Opposition Members put forward a proper plan of action that actually gets people into work.
We believe in work; it is a pity the Conservative party does not.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
The number of young NEET people is often a reflection of a range of different factors: poverty, poor mental health services, lack of access to support services, and inadequate transport, SEND and care services, especially in remote coastal areas such as Camborne, Redruth and Hayle.
Can the Minister reassure the House and these young people that joined-up, cross-departmental working groups have been set up to tackle this issue head-on?
Yes, that is exactly how we are working, and I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan identified Cornwall as a rural industrial legacy employment area, and we specifically pointed out the lack of connectivity.
That is why, when it comes to our new jobcentres service, we are also trialling jobcentres on wheels: buses that can take support to where people are and which are designed for rural areas.
They recently featured on “The One Show”.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government are right to want to see more people with disabilities and long-term sickness get into work.
Sadly, this was used to justify the savage cuts to benefits that were proposed earlier this year.
My colleagues and I are hearing reports of cuts to current awards through Access to Work, and to new payments, being done by the back door.
Can the Minister cast any light on whether guidance has been given to civil servants on such cuts?
There has been no change at all to policy on Access to Work.
As the hon.
Member knows, we did consult, in the Green Paper earlier in the year, on reform to Access to Work.
There has been a big increase in demand for it, and reform is needed.
We are looking at the consultation responses at the moment.
There may have been instances in the past where the published guidance was not always properly applied.
It is being applied now, and that may give rise to some of the issues that have been drawn to his attention, but there has been no change at all in the policy.
I warmly commend the locally led £100 million Connect to Work programme, which supports those facing complex barriers to employment to get into work and to stay in work.
A constituent of mine, Charlie, has explained to me some of the barriers to work that he experiences living with autism spectrum disorder and ADHD, but he is a dedicated and focused young man who is to be commended for wanting to be a useful member of society.
What support will Connect to Work, and other schemes like it, offer Charlie and other constituents of mine in Dartford?
We want to give people like Charlie the chances and choices in life that he deserves.
Our Connect to Work programme will do everything from helping people access health treatment to providing work placements and building their confidence through training, skills—whatever meets their individual needs.
That is the key to this: an end to a one-size-fits-all tick-box approach, and tailored support for him.
We are also working closely with employers so that they remove the barriers to work and can employ people with all the skills and talent that people like Charlie have.
One of the main benefits of saving into a private pension is the tax relief that people get from the Government, which is one of the smartest ways to save for later life.
Any move by this Government to cut pension tax relief will devastate savings rates and the adequacy of pension provisions.
I would hope that the Secretary of State knows that, so can she assure me that she has made it clear that when the Chancellor is looking to fill the fiscal black hole of her own making, she must not target pensions?
The hon.
Lady only had to wait till next week’s Treasury questions, when she could have asked her question, but she has the same answer.
What we should do is look at the record of parties and what they have done.
When I look back over the last 14 years of Tory Budgets, I see a party—[Interruption.]
And the Lib Dems; thank you for pointing that out.
I have seen  parties chopping and changing pension tax relief left, right and centre, because they had no plan.
Those were the same Budgets that drove child poverty up and wages down.
It is great to be back after taking paternity leave, and thank you for your support, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the Government’s parental leave review, but currently partners only get unpaid time off work for two antenatal appointments.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this is a gap, and can he confirm that the review is looking at how we can better support parents at that crucial time?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the recent addition to his family.
I hope he had a restful summer, although I doubt he did considering the likely lack of sleep.
He is right to raise this issue.
It is now past the date for the call for evidence, but if he wants to write to me directly about that issue, I will ensure it is fed in.
Cruel cuts to the winter fuel allowance by both this Labour Government and the SNP Government in Edinburgh left thousands of pensioners cold in their homes last winter.
When will the Secretary of State apologise for the misery her Government have caused for vulnerable pensioners in the Scottish Borders and across the United Kingdom?