The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment she has made of trends in the level of unemployment.
The unemployment rate is 4.7%—well below the historic high of 11.9% in 1984—but no one should ever be complacent about unemployment, especially considering the significant jump in economic inactivity under the Tories.
That is why I am pleased to tell the House that employment is up by 725,000, to 75.3%, since July 2024 and inactivity is down by more than the rise in unemployment—a reduction of 400,000.
On the House of Commons dashboard, the data for my constituency shows that universal credit claims increased dramatically by 20% in just one month.
Claimants increased by over 2,000—from 10,344 to 12,415—from May to June this year.
Given this recent increase in economic inactivity, what evidence does the Minister have that the Government’s employment support programmes are successfully moving people from out-of-work benefits into sustained employment?
The Conservative Government unified in-work and out-of-work benefits, so universal credit is also an in-work benefit.
As I mentioned some moments ago, the legacy of the Tories on economic inactivity is now seeing a welcome reversal, with economic inactivity down by 400,000.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of children in poverty in Congleton constituency.
As my hon.
Friend knows well, improved employment is at the heart of our approach to child poverty, and that is why reductions in economic inactivity and improvements in employment will be part of our child poverty strategy that is to be published very soon.
Does the Minister accept that the Government’s increase in national insurance contributions has had a negative impact on employment in communities such as ours?
Cumbria Tourism assesses that 37% of its businesses have cut staff as a consequence and 33% are freezing recruitment.
Is it possible that the Government will get less from this tax rise than they expect, and that in doing this they are doing grave harm to the Cumbrian tourism economy and many other parts of our economy?
I speak to many businesses, and since coming into office, the Secretary of State and I have totally changed our approach with employers.
That new approach includes a partnership with UK Hospitality, providing specific employment support to get into hospitality, and a hospitality passport so that people can evidence their qualifications, which we and UK Hospitality believe can help those people who really need a chance in life to get a good start in the hospitality sector.
After visiting businesses in Newport East this summer, I know that there is a high demand for companies—including Thames Valley Construction, which I visited—to train more  construction workers locally, and I was pleased to see the Government make the announcement in the summer on training 40,000 more people.
Can Ministers tell me what conversations they are having with the Welsh Government on working together to do this?
We will not build the much-needed 1.5 million homes without bringing people into the construction sector.
That is why, as part of our new approach for employers, we have partnered with the construction sector and set up specific schemes with them.
We are also talking directly across Whitehall with other Government Departments and with the sector about moving people into great jobs in construction.