If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of increasing the number of remote personal independence payment assessments on claimants in West Dorset constituency.
We will increase the number of face-to-face, rather than remote, PIP assessments, and will increase the number of health professionals in assessment centres in order to deliver that.
I think the hon.
Gentleman will agree, however, that it is important to keep telephone or video alternatives for those who need them.
Many West Dorset constituents have written to me with deep anxiety about the assessment for personal independence payments, and especially the use of remote assessments.
One constituent, despite previously being awarded enhanced PIP, has endured months of repeated phone assessments, which have triggered severe panic attacks and high blood pressure, and caused lasting psychological harm.
The Secretary of State has given me a commitment to moving away  from phone-based assessments, so what additional resources will be made available to support the roll-out of more face-to-face assessments in West Dorset?
There was a switch to remote assessments in the pandemic, for obvious reasons, but my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has made the point repeatedly that, as was said in the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper, we want to move sharply back to face-to-face, while keeping alternatives for those who need them.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will have spoken to people for whom the prospect of going to an assessment centre provokes the kind of anxiety that his constituent experienced as a result of a telephone call.
We are speaking to the assessment providers, and we have already increased the proportion of face-to-face assessments.
That work will continue.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Southend East and Rochford constituency.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Southend West and Leigh constituency.