Does the Secretary of State accept that the reason that unemployment is higher today than the day she took office is the jobs tax, which increases employers’ costs by £25 billion?
What hope does her trailblazer programme have when the Chancellor is working against her?
I fundamentally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s premise.
Economic inactivity is down by 400,000 because we are moving more people from being out of work and not looking for work to starting to have to look for work.
Employment is up by 725,000.
We have created 380,000 jobs.
I know there is more we need to do.
We are working very closely with employers.
We are overhauling what we are doing.
One of the things that employers say to us is, “We do not want to tell our story to thousands of different job centres.”
We are putting in a single account manager and we are overhauling our support for employers.
I would be happy to meet him and employers in his constituency to see what more we can do to support them, because we want to get Britain working and earning again.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Let me start by congratulating all the pupils who have received their exam results over the last few weeks.
Having good qualifications is essential in today’s economy, and it is brilliant to see so many young people doing so well.
However, the number of young people not in education, employment or training is one of the biggest challenges facing the country, and young people are much more likely to be NEETs if they lack basic skills.
That is why I am so proud of the action that the Government are taking to increase the number of youth apprenticeships, overhaul foundation apprenticeships and, above all, introduce a youth guarantee so that every young person is earning or learning.
I hope you had a lovely recess, Mr Speaker.
Harlow is full of fantastic schools, and I see the potential of young people there every single day, but that potential is often overlooked because of economic circumstances.
Will the Secretary of State explain how the new crisis and resilience fund will support the poorest children in Harlow?
In the spending review we announced this first ever multi-year settlement for local support, replacing the household support fund.
The crisis and resilience fund will provide £1 billion every single year, and will give families emergency help if, for example, their white goods break down or they need food urgently.
However, we want to start shifting it increasingly towards tackling the root causes of poverty, helping people to become more financially resilient through the provision of debt advice.
We recently held a meeting with more than 600 stakeholders to discuss how we could achieve that shift, because we want to prevent people from falling into poverty and to give them the tools that they need to emerge from poverty themselves.