Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a proud South Carolinian, a devoted public servant, and a dear friend, Daniel ``Danny'' Lee Cromer.
Danny transitioned to eternal rest on September 5, 2023, in Columbia, South Carolina.
His brilliance and personality will be remembered by all who were fortunate to meet him.
Daniel Lee Cromer was born on August 19, 1958, in Greenville, South Carolina.
He was a proud graduate of Carolina High School and of the University of South Carolina where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1980.
He furthered his studies in public administration and social work at his beloved alma mater.
In 1981, Danny embarked on what would become a lifetime career in public service beginning in the office of two governors of South Carolina, Governor Richard Wilson Riley, a Democrat, and Governor Carroll A. Campbell, Jr., a Republican.
In those offices, Danny coordinated federal grant applications and intergovernmental review for all federal programs across the state.
Following my election to Congress in 1992, Danny moved to Washington, D.C. and joined my staff as Legislative Director, a position he would serve in for 18 years.
Danny quickly developed expertise in federal spending and the appropriations process.
He viewed his role as a champion of poor communities in South Carolina and was committed to channeling federal investment to people that needed it most.
Building on his experience in my office, he served on the staff of the House Appropriations Committee before retiring in 2013.
Danny was integral to many of my legislative accomplishments but perhaps his proudest achievement was his work creating the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor.
Having worked for years on the legislation which passed in 2006, the Secretary of Interior appointed Danny to the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission where he served for 14 years.
Danny was an iconic character on Capitol Hill.
While a passionate Democrat, he was often called on by members of Congress and staff from both sides of the aisle to find solutions to thorny appropriations and legislative issues.
Never shy with his opinions or his unique Southern sense of humor, Danny made an indelible impression on all who met him, from visitors to my office to colleagues.
He was passionate about mentoring interns and young staffers, always taking time to teach and impart lessons from his experiences.
Danny was a devoted, longtime parishioner.
Monica and St. James Episcopal Church on Capitol Hill, often inviting his friends and colleagues to join him for worship.
His love for the church knew no bounds and he was particularly proud of his service on the vestry.
He relished the high mass, organ music, and rituals of the Episcopal Church.
After relocating to Columbia, he joined St. Timothy's Episcopal Church.