Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Officer Urbano Rodriguez, Jr., a dedicated civil servant who is retiring from the Denton Police Department, having honorably served his community for over a decade.
Prior to joining the Police Department, Urban, as he is fondly known, worked for over two years at the Denton Animal Shelter.
During that time he bonded with one particular disabled dog, personally constructing a makeshift walking device that was equipped with wheels to a11ow the dog to walk freely.
This act of compassion and needs-based service is symbolic of the character and calling that quickly led him to leave the shelter to become a Police recruit for the City in 2014.
Upon completion of his training, Urban joined the front lines of the Denton Police Department as a part of the thin blue line protecting the public he had committed to serve.
He knew from the outset that he belonged on the streets.
Recognized as a ``go-getter'' with a strong work ethic, Urban quickly became a valued member of the Denton PD team.
During his service he was involved in a number of notable traffic stops, including a large and unexpected confiscation of methamphetamine.
Through the dedication and effort he and his shift partners brought to the streets, he helped disrupt a damaging delivery.
protecting the community by preventing it from reaching its intended market.
Urban was confronted with the full weight of his commitment when, on October 29, 2019, as a five-year veteran of the Denton Police Department, he was unexpectedly attacked and struck by multiple bullets from an assailant's weapon during a routine traffic stop.
It was at that moment that Urban's inner strength and character were defined.
Unimaginably, he survived the trauma, beginning the long, difficult path to become the walking miracle he is today.
When many felt it unlikely that he would even leave the hospital, Urban's strength and resolve led him through a challenging rehabilitation process to not only leave the hospital bed, but push beyond the damage of his injuries to regain his strength and mobility to once again walk freely.
An outcome that seemed a fantasy to those who saw him during his initial recovery less than four years ago, is a testament to the enthusiasm and determined work ethic he was known for when he joined the department.
In his service commitment to the community he swore to protect, and through the courage he has shown through his recovery, Urban embodies the very essence of Texas values.
Each day he is continuing to build the example for those who will follow in his footsteps.
On behalf of a grateful community, I want to thank Urban Rodriguez for his service and example.
I truly wish him the very best in a welldeserved retirement and for the continued contribution I know he will make in his new role and as an inspiration for his children and all who hear of his story.