Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the congregation of Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church for their 300th anniversary.
Over the past year, the congregation of Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church has commemorated three centuries of faith and service.
The church's humble beginnings date back to a time before the founding of both Lancaster County and the United States.
Today, Salem Heller's stands as a testament to the strength and perseverance of a faith-based community that has flourished for generations.
Salem Hellers was founded in 1725 by Palatine German immigrants to the Conestoga Valley and claims to be one of the oldest Reformed congregations in Lancaster County.
Initially, parishioners gathered for worship in homes and barns before constructing a log cabin that served as their first permanent site of worship, a structure that stood until 1860.
Throughout its history, the congregation of Salem Heller's has been home to true patriots and community leaders.
At least 144 of its members have served our Nation in conflicts dating back to the American Revolution.
One of the church's first ministers, John Philip Boehm, is recognized by many as the founder of the German Reformed Church in the United States.
Today, the cemetery at Salem Heller's is the final resting place of more than 2,700 individuals, each one a contributor to the thriving and faithful community that continues to embody the spirit As the congregation concludes this year of celebration, it is fitting to honor its storied past and its promising future.
For 300 years, Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church has served as a bastion of faith and community for the people.
As generations continue to worship in this historic church, I know the congregation will continue to serve its mission to both the community and its faith.
I extend my heartfelt congratulations to the congregation of Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church and wish them continued blessings as they celebrate their 300th anniversary.