I think that must wait until Wednesday.
The Government do not believe that public bodies should be able to waste public money pursuing their own foreign policy, and I am sure that these points will be properly teased out on Wednesday.
In respect of the very difficult humanitarian situation, which my hon.
Friend rightly describes, the inadequate shelter is made worse by the winter rains that we are seeing, and there is a real danger of disease spreading.
That is one reason why Britain has deployed a medical team to see what we can do to help with this desperate situation, particularly in Rafah but also throughout Gaza.
Israel is committing war crimes on a daily basis in Gaza.
We have seen the forced displacement and collective punishment of Palestinians, starvation used as a weapon, healthcare facilities and journalists targeted, and much more.
As we have heard, South Africa is now taking forward a legal case against Israel in the International Court of Justice.
If, as it could, that court quickly issues an order for Israel to immediately suspend its military operations, will the Government uphold that order by finally—finally—calling for an immediate ceasefire, as many of us have been demanding?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the policy of an immediate ceasefire is not shared by either the Government or, indeed, those on the Opposition Front Bench.
In respect of the work of the court, let us wait and see what the court decides.
He asks me a hypothetical question, and I think we should wait and see what the court says.
It is now almost 100 days since Hamas committed their evil atrocities in Israel.
Also, 130 hostages are still held in captivity by Hamas terrorists.
The international Red Cross has not had access to those hostages, the oldest of which are over 75 and the youngest under one year old.
What action is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that the international Red Cross can insist on seeing the hostages and looking after their health?
My hon.
Friend is right to focus on the appalling agony and plight of the hostages.
As I said earlier, I do not think it is helpful to rehearse in the House precisely what we are doing, but he may rest assured that we are in continuous contact with the Red Cross and doing everything we possibly can, along with our allies, to try to secure the hostages’ release.
The IDF claims that as many as 8,000 Hamas terrorists have been killed, while at the same time there are reports that Hamas are training children to take their place.
The position of the more than 100 hostages still being held by Hamas looks incredibly precarious.
Will the Minister outline what progress can be made and how the UK can ensure that those people can be released and Israel can be in a position to begin to seek peace?
Does the Minister believe that the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland has a role to play in that peacemaking?
The answer to my hon.
Friend’s final point is yes, and he sets out with great eloquence the issues and problems faced by the hostages in this appalling situation.
He will have heard what I said to other hon.
Members in that respect.
Before we reach a ceasefire—something needed sooner rather than later, according to many of my constituents—two doctors in Bolton, Dr Samir Naseet and Dr Ibrahim Hamami, have asked what preparations we are making to prepare the ground for the post-ceasefire period by leading on volunteer medical practitioners going to Gaza at that time?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work in this respect: I know how much work he has been doing with communities in his constituency who are engaged with Gaza.
I will take careful note of the point that he has made.
I think everybody here condemns the heinous attacks by Hamas on  7 October  and the taking of hostages, and we all want their safe and immediate release.
But that does not excuse the brutal, indiscriminate and disproportionate violence that the IDF are perpetrating on innocent Gazan civilians.
Our world must operate on a rules-based system, and that includes our allies.
Given the scale of casualties, may I press the Minister on whether he and the Government will support—not come to a decision on—the ICC’s investigating potential war crimes and make all evidence available to it?
The hon.
Lady will have heard what I have said about any culture of impunity.
In respect of her central question, all I can do is reiterate the points I have already made that the British Government are insistent that all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary, and that they take account of civilian harm.