The MOD has put its shoulder to the wheel in support of the Government’s wider diplomatic effort but, obviously, the negotiation of a pause such as the one that the hon.
Lady rightly says is necessary to deliver aid in greater volumes is a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office lead.
Mr Speaker, I believe you have had the foresight to grant an urgent question in which such questions may well be answered shortly by a Minister from that Department.
We are witnessing horrific scenes in Gaza.
The humanitarian catastrophe there needs greater focus from countries like our own and others around the world, to bring it to an end and to get that aid in.
Given that the Prime Minister said in a statement before Prorogation that we would use British armed forces capability to make those shipments of aid in greater numbers, why are we not getting those greater numbers of aid in?
What is he doing to get Israel to open the crossings and to get that aid in, in the quantities that are needed?
British armed forces are being used to deliver aid into Gaza, and they have done so to good effect.
My right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary has struck up an excellent operational relationship with his Israeli counterpart, which has allowed for the opening of the Kerem Shalom crossing.
Again, I think that is a reflection of the success of the UK’s engagement with the Israeli Government on this matter.
The volumes of aid are limited not by the availability of military capacity—there is plenty of that—but by the availability of crossings and the ability to distribute the aid, on which Foreign Office colleagues are working closely with the UN, Israel, Egypt and others to increase.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
France and Jordan successfully delivered medical aid to Gaza by air last week.
Has the Minister considered the viability of the UK air-dropping food and medical supplies to Gaza in the same way?
I think air dropping is a very imprecise way of doing business.
Our preference is to seek maritime routes.
Is a feasibility study being undertaken to see whether aid could be delivered directly into Gaza from ship to shore, should the future security situation allow it?
The Defence Secretary has led internationally on exactly such an initiative, working with our friends in the Cypriot Ministry of Defence.
There are ideas to do exactly that, but they obviously need to be agreed with all parties before they can happen.
I have urgently pressed the Minister and the Department to secure Red sea vessels, as well as facilitating aid into Gaza.
People in Bolton are demanding assurances on both maritime safety and humanitarian support for Gaza.
What assurances can he provide to people in Bolton?
Clearly, the delivery of aid into Gaza is principally a maritime and aviation effort in the eastern Mediterranean, but my hon.
Friend is correct to say that the security of shipping in the Red sea also has an impact.
That is why Royal Navy warships are part of the Red sea taskforce that is seeking to protect those sea lanes.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
The MOD delivers a range of services to veterans and their families.
This includes the administration and payment of armed forces pensions and compensation, the provision of tailored advice and assistance through the Veterans Welfare Service and Defence Transition Services, and integrated personal commissioning for veterans.
Veteran homelessness rose by 14% last year according to the Government’s own figures.
Does the Minister agree that his colleague, the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs,  the right hon.
Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , is failing to deliver on his pledge to end veteran homelessness?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that homelessness is not principally a function of the Ministry of Defence, but all of us want to make sure that  veterans and their families are properly accommodated, and naturally reducing homelessness remains a Government priority.
Thirteen veterans advisory and pensions committees across the UK provide the Minister’s Department with an important platform for hearing and helping veterans.
Last year, with his help and the help of Members on both sides of the House, my private Member’s Bill gave the Secretary of State greater flexibility to use the network to help more veterans in more ways.
Can the Minister tell the House what progress he has made with the VAPCs since my Bill received royal assent on  18 September ?
First, let me congratulate my hon.
Friend on his work on the Bill, which should properly be called the Millar Bill.
I recently met VAPC chairs to discuss next steps, and we will ensure that the MOD engages with representatives from VAPCs in a series of working groups to set the direction for secondary legislation that will clarify their future role.
Can the Minister give some more detail on how the Department intends to take forward the recommendation from the Veteran Welfare Service review, and can he outline any timescales to which he intends to work on that review?
Our response to the independent review of welfare services for veterans accepts the principle and intended outcome of all the recommendations, and we will shortly publish our response to the recommendations of the armed forces compensation scheme quinquennial review.
The reviews will inform a programme of improvements in the way we deliver the compensation scheme and how we provide welfare support to ensure a consistently high level of service.
The responses will set out our commitment and high-level plans, in particular how we will make our services less adversarial and more user-friendly.
As promised by the Prime Minister, medals are being issued to recognise those who participated in Britain’s nuclear testing programme during the 1950s and 1960s.
Some families have expressed a wish for a presentation ceremony for their medal.
How would the Minister recommend that those are organised, whether locally or nationally?
Nuclear test medals have been mailed to thousands of recipients to ensure that as many as possible had received them before Remembrance Sunday, and also with the advanced age of some of the recipients in mind.
My sense is that that was the right thing to do and has been appreciated by recipients.
Naturally, there are opportunities—my hon.
Friend may have such opportunities himself—to thank veterans and mark their contribution.
I think the lieutenantry in some counties has done so, but the imperative was to get the medals out before Remembrance Sunday.
I spent the recess studying the veterans strategy action plan with its 60-odd commitments and thinking about the views of the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs on what he calls the “lack of political horsepower”.
Why is it, after 14 years and so many commitments, that 76.4% of veterans are so dissatisfied with the compensation scheme  for illnesses and injuries, and why are 500 veteran households declared homeless every three months, as we have heard?
Is there still a lack of political horsepower or is there a need for better co-ordination between the— Order.
I am not being funny, but I have a whole list of questions to get through.
We have to have shorter questions—that was very long.
I think the Minister got the gist of it.
I got the gist.
The armed forces compensation scheme and the war pension scheme will be dramatically improved by the ongoing digitalisation of veterans’ services.
That is a huge commitment that will bring us into the 21st century and improve the service that is provided to veterans who are seeking compensation.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that in the last financial year there were 61 complaints to Veterans UK and 2,000 expressions of thanks for the services people had received.
What recent progress his Department has made on the AUKUS partnership.
I am pleased to confirm that we have made significant progress in developing the AUKUS partnership.
The AUKUS defence ministerial meeting last month announced a range of tri-national activities taking forward advanced capabilities, including our deep space advanced radar capability, DARC.
Australian personnel are training in the UK and the US, and £4 billion-worth of contracts have been awarded to UK companies building SSN-AUKUS.
Finally, Congress passed legislation to enable AUKUS to facilitate frictionless trade between partners, including the reform of the international traffic in arms regulations.