Thank you, Mr Speaker, and a very happy new year to you and to the House.
The Secretary of State is right to highlight the geopolitical and economic threat from the Houthi-led attacks in the Red sea, as well as the need to participate in Operation Prosperity Guardian, but could he advise the House of how sustainable this and future joint operations will be when increasing numbers of sailors have left the service, and the intake to replace them in the 12 months to March 2023 plunged by 22.1%?
First, I am confident that we will be able to continue or increase our actions.
We complete all our operational requirements at the moment.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that it is a very tight labour market, but I think that is a subject for celebration in this House: we are seeing such low sustained unemployment, even through some pretty turbulent times.
We will redouble our efforts to ensure that all our military services can recruit the people they need.
What steps his Department is taking to provide military support to Ukraine.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
We continue to support Ukraine’s priorities, including air defence to protect national infrastructure, further artillery ammunition, and support to sustain capabilities, including 10,000 Ukrainians to be trained in the first half of 2024.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the new maritime capability coalition, which builds on the support the UK, Norway and others are providing to Ukraine?
Will he also re-emphasise the need for us to continue to work very closely with our NATO partners and allies to continue to provide and strengthen support to Ukraine, and make sure those resources reach where they are needed?
I absolutely will.
As my right hon.
Friend says, the new maritime capability coalition, which I launched at Admiralty House in December, has now been joined by 10 further nations, together with Norway, who will help to ensure that Ukraine’s success in Crimea and the Black sea continues.
Ukraine, a nation which has virtually no navy at all, is doing an incredible job, destroying up to 20% of Russia’s Black sea fleet.
In the United States, additional aid to Ukraine remains stuck in the Senate and there is the potential for a shift in its political leadership later this year.
Considering we are still awaiting this Government’s promised action plan for Ukraine, how assured can we be that the Secretary of State is discussing with our NATO allies all future scenarios to ensure there will be no lapse in collective military support for Ukraine?
I really hope that there can be no doubt about this Government’s commitment to Ukraine.
Not only were we first with the training, but with tanks, missiles and commissioning to enable Ukraine to continue this fight in all manner of different ways.
On a personal level, having had a family of three Ukrainians live with us in my house for a year, I am personally committed to this cause as well.
We are doing everything possible, including working throughout the Christmas and new year period during which I had numerous conversations with my Ukrainian opposite number and others throughout its Government, to make sure we are supporting their action.
It is a Ukrainian plan that is needed to win this war, not a British or American one.
Labour fully supports providing military aid to Ukraine, but what steps is the Secretary of State taking to speed up the development of a stockpile strategy, in collaboration with NATO allies, to replenish supplies and ensure that Ministry of Defence procurement and parts of the defence industry are on an urgent operational footing both to support Ukraine for the long term and to rebuild UK stocks for any future conflict?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We already have a huge amount of military munitions and equipment on order both to replenish and to help continue to support Ukraine.
When it comes to Ukraine itself, the United Kingdom set up the international fund for Ukraine, through which we have numerous different orders in place for equipment for Ukraine, which has raised nearly £800 million.
I think up to £400 million is already committed through those contracts.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the work he has done as Defence Secretary since taking on the Department.
His long experience in government has shown to the fore and I am delighted at the work he has done so far.
In June last year I wrote, at the request of No. 10 and the Cabinet Office, to request the 2024-25 funding for support to Ukraine.
The funding requested was between £2.3 billion and £2.6 billion.
Unfortunately, since that time we have heard nothing from the Government about what they plan to do for the next financial year.
Planners in the Ministry of Defence need time, as do the Ukrainians, to get used to it.
If we do not start making an announcement soon, we will fall behind many of our European colleagues who have already overtaken us with their support.
Mr Speaker, can I start by thanking my right hon.
Friend on behalf of everybody in this House?
He had the foresight to supply NLAWs to Ukraine ahead of time and the foresight to start training troops for Ukraine ahead of time.
Today I can say that we have trained 54,000 troops, including those who have trained since 2014.
He is absolutely right about the ongoing support for Ukraine.
All I can say is that he will not be disappointed and he will not need to wait too long.