Let me make clear that AUKUS pillar 1 and pillar 2 have Labour’s full backing.
However, we are concerned about whether the Government’s current focus on implementing AUKUS is sufficient and we want more UK leadership for this national endeavour.
The latest list of ministerial responsibilities, from October 2023, does not even mention AUKUS or Australia, although it does mention the USA.
Ministers have agreed that pillar 1 should have only a part-time official responsible for its implementation.
If AUKUS is not even in his job description and his officials are working on it part time, how can we take the Minister seriously when he says it is important?
The way we take it seriously is not by judging the number of officials or what we are doing in that regard, but by looking at what we are actually delivering in the real world in terms of military capability and for British industry.
As I just said, the US has reformed ITAR and there are thousands of jobs across the UK, boosting our Indo-Pacific capabilities.
This is an extremely important project.
We are making huge progress and the Government are very proud of the partnership.
What steps his Department is taking to support armed forces personnel with the cost of living.
Defence has introduced a range of measures to support armed forces personnel, including capping subsidised accommodation charges to 1%; freezing daily food charges; increasing travelling allowances by 7%; providing wraparound childcare to families and increasing the continuity of education allowance rates from August 2023; and implementing the biggest uplift in service pay in 21 years, which includes 9.7% for the most junior ranks.
The Government claim that service personnel are not financially burdened by domestic assignments, but a constituent of mine—a serving officer of the armed forces—finds himself thousands of pounds out of pocket, while others report turning to food banks  to survive.
What discussions is the Minister having with Cabinet colleagues to expand measures and address the costs incurred as a result of serving this country during the cost of living crisis?
The cost of living crisis has affected all our constituents, has it not?
Covid has made life difficult for everybody, but at the Ministry of Defence we have recognised as far as we can the pressures that bear, particularly on the lowest paid.
That is why we have accepted the 9.7% uplift in pay, which I think is unique across the public sector for the last year, having accepted in full the recommendations of the Armed Forces Pay Review Body.
I congratulate the Minister on the excellent work that he has done to support our armed forces with their cost of living.
May I ask him to be especially aware of the burden that falls on members of our special forces—the additional burdens that they bear within families as well as in the field?
Will he consider that when he thinks further about ways to ameliorate and support their living circumstances?
I understand my right hon.
Friend’s interest in this matter.
He can be sure that the special forces—although we never talk about them—are always at the forefront of our minds.
What military aid his Department plans to provide to Ukraine in financial year 2024-25.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the Secretary of State’s earlier answers to the former Secretary of State and shadow Secretary of State.
In 2022, the then Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced what military aid the UK would make available to Ukraine through to April 2023; in September 2022, the subsequent Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , announced—a full 15 months ago—what military aid she would make available to Ukraine through to April 2024.
Why has there not yet been an announcement on funding for Ukraine for the rest of 2024 and beyond?
In the interests of brevity, I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answers given to the former Secretary of State and shadow Secretary of State earlier.