What have we learned since we last met?
We have learned that Hamas are using North Korean weapons.
We have heard of further examples of gender-based violence, we have heard examples of hostages being kept in cages, and we have heard the testimony of a released 17-year-old hostage, Agam Goldstein Almog, who spoke of sexual violence and torture perpetrated against hostages who are still being held.
To top it all, in the last few days Jibril Rajoub, a Palestinian Authority representative and the secretary of Fatah’s central committee, has said: “We view political Islam, and foremost among it the Hamas Movement, as part of the fabric of our struggle and our political and social fabric.”
Given what the Minister has said about the need for a two-state solution and the role of Fatah and the PA in that, what representations is he making to the PA about the radicalised language that they are using?
The Government urge everyone to exercise restraint in the language that they use, but I entirely accept my hon.
Friend’s first point.
Like many other Members, I saw the extensive reporting in The New York Times about what happened on  7 October , during the recess, and it behoves everyone to read it.
As for the Palestinian Authority, Britain and our allies, and like-minded countries, are doing a great deal of work to try to secure a better arrangement for it when the fighting stops.
As the Minister will know, a large number of children are being killed, but many others have been wounded or maimed as a result of the conflict.
We now know that hospital treatment and hospital facilities in Gaza have virtually collapsed.
A number of non-governmental organisations, such as Save the Children, are now working to evacuate children from Gaza to ensure that they receive urgent medical treatment in third countries.
Will the Minister ask his officials to convene a meeting of the NGOs to establish what further assistance our country could give in this respect, as we did in the case of Ukraine?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the plight of children on both sides of this conflict.
We are in close touch with the NGOs that he has cited, and we are also considering carefully what contribution a UK medical team could make.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, field hospitals, both inside and outside Gaza, are an important aspect of that.
They could have a dramatic effect, and using them would be much better than taking people who are wounded either on to ships or to other countries.
We are looking at all these matters to try and address the precise problem that the right hon.
Gentleman has described.
The conflict is clearly escalating, and no single power or, indeed, alliance is in full control, but what we should not lose control over is freedom of navigation and shipping movements in international waters.
Surely a red line has already been crossed because ships have been targeted.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell me what will happen if shipping is further targeted?
Will we not just take out those missiles in the air, but attack the silos from which they are launched?
My right hon.
Friend will have seen that HMS Diamond has shot down an attack drone, on, I think, the first occasion that the Navy has been in action in that way for 30 years.
He will also have heard what the Government have said: like many other countries, they have made it crystal clear that we will not accept the fettering of the international rights of navigation, and all those involved in trying to frustrate that should hear those words.
Just today, Medical Aid For Palestinians has reported that, along with the International Rescue Committee’s emergency medical team, it has been forced to withdraw and cease activities at Al-Aqsa hospital—the only functioning hospital in Gaza’s middle area—as a result of increasing Israeli military activity around it.
There seems to be a repetition of the dismantling of health services that we have witnessed in the north in the south and middle  of Gaza.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Government’s support for the continued bombing of civilians and civilian infrastructure will now apply in every conflict, or whether it applies only in relation to Palestinian civilians and Palestinian hospitals?
The hon.
Lady knows very well that all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary and minimise harm to civilians, and it is in that context that we seek on all occasions to urge the Israeli Government to adopt those three key criteria.