The Minister for Defence Procurement has today confirmed that HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark, based in Devonport, which I am proud to represent, are still at risk of being mothballed.
He said that no final decisions have been made, so the risk to these ships is  real.
When will a decision be made?
Will the ships be cut, or will they be tied up alongside, flying the white ensign but never really putting to sea?
Of course anyone who is serious about the defence budget has to make the decision about whether to put into maintenance ships that have already served twice their intended lives—18 years and more, times two—and that would come out of that maintenance after brand-new ships were at sea.
There is obviously a decision for the Royal Navy to make on that, but I remind the House that there are eight Type 26s and five Type 31s under construction or under contract.
We face a complex range of security threats and challenges in our rapidly changing world.
Cyber-attacks are increasingly common and nations across the world are preparing to become combat ready for space warfare.
What assessment has the Minister’s Department made of supporting defence jobs to assist the UK’s efforts against cyber and space warfare?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who asks a second excellent question, given the growing importance of the cyber and space domains.
On cyber, I can confirm that the 2022 national cyber strategy highlights the Government’s commitment to growing the UK cyber-ecosystem and that new cyber-career structures are being developed across Defence, with new ways of training, upskilling and rewarding our people.
On space, we have created a space academy for Government, industry and academia and are supporting cross-Government work to develop a space workforce action plan for 2024.
Does the Minister recognise any semblance of truth in this statement by Dominic Cummings, “the scandal of nuclear weapons infrastructure which is a dangerous disaster and a budget nightmare of hard-to-believe and highly classified proportions”, regarding the Coulport naval facility and the nuclear deterrent black hole?
As with our previous exchange, while I respect the hon.
Gentleman’s position, we do not comment on speculation.
What I can say is that nuclear infrastructure is incredibly important to the future of our deterrent.
His Majesty’s naval base Clyde has developed an established management plan with a 40-year horizon that provides a strategic vision for the future that is clear and simple and that endures, and we have a £1.4 billion programme for Faslane and Coulport nuclear facilities and nuclear infrastructure.
Last month’s treaty with Japan and Italy brought the global air combat programme’s Team Tempest a step closer to reality.
It followed news that BAE Systems is to hire 2,700 graduates and apprentices this year, including more than 500 Lancashire-based roles across the air division.
What estimate does my hon.
Friend make of the defence sector’s impact on the economy, job prospects and opportunities for young people in places like Fylde—and, indeed, Chorley?
That is a very good question.
It is brilliant news, and we are delighted to have signed the treaty with Japan and Italy last month.
My hon.
Friend asks about the impact; it is fair to say that it will have a particular impact on his constituency, which houses the Warton site, where we have our factory of the future for the global combat air programme.
I can confirm that a 2021 report by PwC estimated that the programme would contribute £26 billion to the UK economy between 2021 and 2050 and support on average 21,000 jobs per year, many of which will be in Lancashire, Mr Speaker, and particularly in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I do not know whether the Minister has seen the article by the  defence editor, Mark Nicol, about the lack of transparency on pinch points in the armed forces personnel workforce.
Figures on that used to be produced regularly.
When was the decision taken to no longer produce them, and will the Minister commit today to producing them in the interest of transparency?
I cannot give the right hon.
Gentleman a straight answer to that because I cannot remember when the figures were withdrawn, but I can certainly look into it and write to him.
On pinch points, he will be aware that, through Haythornthwaite-type processes, we are incentivising people to join parts of defence that are underpopulated at the moment, such as chefs and— Order.
I call Sir Michael Fabricant.
My hon.
Friend has already acknowledged the importance of women in the armed forces.
Will he join me in expressing belated thanks to retired Air Marshal Sir Baz North, who, in a difficult constituency case, helped me to get someone into the Royal Air Force, and will he join me in praising that person, Lowri Simner, who has just been promoted to squadron leader?
Absolutely.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating them both.
The service family accommodation at Clive barracks in my constituency is concerning.
A family who have severe health problems are living in a mouldy house.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation does not want to spend the money on fixing those problems; it wants to move them into a different house for the second time in two years.
What are the Minister’s commitments on upgrading and maintaining the housing stock, particularly on sites that are earmarked for closure, such as Clive barracks?
The hon.
Lady is welcome to write to me about that specific case.
I pay tribute to her because she consistently raises such accommodation issues—we had an exchange about them in Westminster Hall.
She mentions DIO money and, as I said in that exchange, the key is investment.
We have doubled the budget for maintenance and upgrades this year as part of the extra £400 million that we are putting in.
That is  why we can address the damp and mould in so many properties.
I am happy to look at the specifics of the case she mentions.
As the media report the retirement of HMS Bulwark and HMS Albion, there are obvious questions about Britain’s future amphibious capability, which was used so admirably during the Falklands war, along with the unrivalled skills of our specialist troops.
Does the Minister agree that our Royal Marine commandos are an asset that we cannot afford to lose?
I absolutely agree.
I just want to correct a point that I made earlier: I was talking about frigates, but I think  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  was talking about the landing platform docks, on which no decision has been made.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  mentions, the Royal Marines are absolutely essential.
I have asked the First Sea Lord to provide a plan for how their excellent work will be taken forward.
The long-running industrial dispute at Defence Equipment and Support in Beith in my constituency started in July last year and looks set to continue as workers fight for free and equal treatment.
Given the important work that is undertaken at that facility—not least to ensure that vital equipment is dispatched to Ukraine—will the Secretary of State personally intervene to break the stalemate, end the dispute once and for all, and provide equality for all workers at the Beith site?
I know how important this issue is to the hon.
Lady.
Differing rates are paid for workers with different skills and qualifications, which is normal practice in both the public and private sectors.
I understand that a generous pay offer remains on the table.
It would significantly improve the pay of the workers in dispute beyond the recent 2023 pay award, which has already significantly uplifted base pay for those specific workers, alongside over £4,000 in bonuses.
It is disappointing that GMB members have voted to continue industrial action, but DE&S officials continue to be open to talks with the GMB on a constructive basis.
The pursuit of exquisite exclusivity in defence procurement is to be lauded, but can the Minister confirm that his Department is also focused on procuring the logistic platforms that we need to sustain it?
Is it perhaps time for a defence operational capability audit to look into that key capability gap?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point—of course, he speaks with great experience.
As we have been stressing, the whole point of acquisition reform is, instead of seeking exquisite platforms, to go for 80% to get them into service faster and then to have spiral development.
We think that that is the future of procurement.
Our nuclear veterans waited 70 years for recognition and are waiting even longer for justice.
In a debate last year, the Minister promised “in the days  ahead” to examine 150 documents relating to blood and urine tests held by the Atomic Weapons Establishment.
What did his examination find?
That is certainly my intention—I have not seen them yet
but I intend to.
The hon.
Lady will have seen the list of 150; I think she will be disappointed about the content of those documents when she sees them, because very few of them will give us any information that will take us any further forward.
But I committed to reading them and will certainly do so in the very near future.
Ministers know that Sir John Moore barracks in my constituency is due for disposal in 2026 as part of the future soldier programme, which will bring phase 1 capability to the Pirbright site and put 900 houses in its place.
Will a Minister meet me to ensure that the current ministerial team is right behind the move and, if it is, that we have an intelligent masterplan that does not just help Winchester City Council to meet its housing targets?
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
The 2023 armed forces satisfaction survey confirmed that half of personnel do not believe that their family benefit from being a service family.
The impact of service life on family and personal life remains a top factor behind the intention to leave, so what does the Secretary of State propose to do to listen to forces families and implement policies to make a difference?
It is very important that our service personnel feel that they are not only honoured when they go to war but comfortable at home.
One of the big things I am doing is pressing forward with the review of armed service accommodation, including by providing £400 million to improve that accommodation, which will make the lives of service personnel better at home.
A “short-sighted, militarily illiterate manoeuvre totally at odds with strategic reality” was how the Defence Committee described, in February 2018, the proposal to retire HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark ahead of their anticipated lifetime dates of 2033 and 2034.
May I advise and warn the Secretary of State not to be blindsided by the people who are raising this matter again after a change of Secretary of State for Defence?
I point out that, of course, they will be five years older, but I again stress to the House that no decision has been made on the landing platform dock vessels.
Let me take the Minister back to the Triples.
There has been some debate about the extent to which the Triples were paid directly by UK forces.
I know that that was the case.
Does the Minister accept that and, if he does, does he not think they should be looked at under category 2 rather than category 4 of the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme?
There is a difference of opinion between the advice I receive from officials and the position the hon.
Gentleman has set out.
It would be good to bring him in to meet those officials, have that discussion and reach some truth.
Will the Ukraine action plan 2023 ever be published?
Better still, will there be a Ukraine action plan 2024?
And when will that be published?
We work hand in glove with the Ukrainian Government to make sure that the action plan is one that can win the war.
We have seen huge progress, in particular, in Crimea and the Black sea, and we look forward, throughout the House, to further progress in ’24 for our brave Ukrainian friends.
Given that homelessness among veterans has gone up by 14% and that it is a cross-departmental issue, what more are Ministers doing to ensure that all our veterans are housed?
As I said in answer to a previous question, homelessness remains a Government priority, whether or not someone is a veteran.
In general, the experience of our veterans, when they return to civilian life, is a positive one and we should celebrate that.
Clyde-built HMS Argyll is the oldest escort in the fleet.
She is currently in refit in Devonport and has been since August ’22.
Will the Minister for Defence Procurement advise when she will be recommissioned, re-crewed and back in service?
I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman on that one.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office if he will make a statement on the situation in Israel and Palestine.
Let me begin by reiterating our fundamental belief in Israel’s right to defend itself against Hamas.
The events of  7 October  were truly horrifying.
Israel has a right to restore its security and to ensure that such horrifying events can never be repeated.
We are also clear that too many civilians have been killed.
Israel needs to ensure that its campaign is targeted on Hamas leaders and operatives, fulfils its obligations to protect civilians and is consistent with international humanitarian law.
No one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
That is why the United Kingdom played a leading role in securing the passage of UN Security Council resolution 2720, which made clear the urgent demand for expanded humanitarian access.
The resolution also called for the release of hostages and for steps towards a sustainable ceasefire, for which the British Government have consistently led calls.
Britain has been pushing a number of innovative and impactful approaches—especially, but not only, maritime delivery—to support aid for Gaza.
We are focused on the bigger picture and longer-term strategic value.
UK Ministers are lobbying the Government of Israel hard and regularly to allow more aid in and reduce the numerous constraints that are hindering many aspects of our and others’ efforts to help Gazan civilians.
We have appointed Mark Bryson-Richardson as our representative for humanitarian affairs in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
Last week, a Royal Navy vessel delivered 87 tonnes of life-saving UK and Cypriot aid, destined for Gaza, into Egypt.
We have also supported the United Nations World Food Programme to deliver a new humanitarian land corridor from Jordan into Gaza.
Seven hundred and fifty tonnes of life-saving food aid arrived in the first delivery and a second convoy, with 315 tonnes of critical supplies, reached Gaza last week, partly funded by the United Kingdom.
Nevertheless, the risk of famine is stark, and the Foreign Secretary and other Ministers throughout the Government are pushing the need to address this with the Israeli Government.
The Government are urging all sides to avoid further escalation.
The situation is fragile and an escalation in violence, including on Lebanon’s southern border with Israel, is not in anyone’s interests.
In the Red sea, the Houthis’ attacks against commercial shipping are patently unacceptable.
We have already taken action to deter Houthi threats, and we will not hesitate to take further action as needed.
There is no perfect formula for peace.
What I can  say is that Gaza should ultimately be under Palestinian control, and we support a two-state solution that  guarantees security and stability for both Israeli and Palestinian people.
Mr Speaker, the Christmas period has not brought peace to the middle east.
There has been no let-up to the intolerable suffering in Gaza and no end to the cruelty for hostages.
Millions are displaced, desperate and hungry.
Israel continues to use devastating tactics that have seen far too many innocent civilians killed, with unacceptable blocks on essential aid, nowhere safe for civilians, a growing humanitarian catastrophe, and now warnings of a deadly famine.
Meanwhile, Hamas terrorists continue to hold hostages, hide among civilians and fire rockets into Israel.
This dire situation must not continue.
The need for a sustained ceasefire is clear.
The fighting must stop urgently.
We need a humanitarian truce now—not as a short pause but as the first step towards what will stop the killing of innocents, provide urgent humanitarian relief, ward off famine, free hostages and provide the space for a sustainable ceasefire so that fighting does not restart.
I urge the Government to do everything they can to work for a sustained ceasefire, which will also ease the growing regional tensions across the divides and avoid the catastrophe of a wider war.
Those risks are rising.
Will the Minister tell the House what steps the Government are taking to urge restraint in Lebanon and to see the full implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1701, which would allow civilians on both sides of the border to return home?
In the Red sea, all the targeting of commercial ships and international trade routes that puts civilians and military personnel in danger must stop, so I welcome the approach of the US, the UK, Germany and others to send clear warnings to those responsible.
Will the Government ensure that this House has the time and space to scrutinise decisions of any significance that may be required?