The Israeli Defence Minister has set out proposals for the post-war governance of Gaza involving a multinational taskforce working with Palestinians to restore peace, order and normality.
What is the British Government’s assessment of those proposals?
We greatly welcome all constructive proposals, and we welcome the point that the Israeli Minister has made that when this dreadful conflict is over, Gaza must be run by Palestinians.
Overcrowding and inadequate food, water, shelter and sanitation—the World Health Organisation has already warned that these are ideal conditions for disease to spread.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to support partners on the ground in Gaza to help prevent the outbreak and spread of disease?
My hon.
Friend is entirely correct.
There is a huge danger that, as a result of insufficient food, appalling sanitation and inadequate shelter—made worse by the winter rains—these conditions will persist, and that is why we are intent on trying to get the number of trucks that get into Gaza up to 500 a day.
It is also why we have deployed this medical team, working with others, to see what can be done immediately on the ground.
The Israel Defence Forces chief spokesperson reflected on Saturday on the destruction of Hamas in the north of Gaza, before the IDF starts to tackle Hamas more seriously in the centre and the south.
He said: “We will do this differently…based on the lessons we have learned from the fighting so far.”
What confidence does the Minister have that Israel will conduct its counter-insurgency operations in such a way as to abide by international humanitarian law?
It is not for me to second-guess the military tactics of what is going on in Gaza, but all I can say to the hon.
Gentleman is to repeat the point I have made before: all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate, necessary and minimise harm to civilians.
Members of the Israeli Government have expressed their desire that settlers should return to Gaza at some point after the conflict.
Away from the terrible massacre taking place in that awful conflict zone, the situation in the west bank continues to deteriorate.
In a very welcome move, the UK Government announced that they would bring in travel bans on violent settlers, but does the Minister agree that in order to deter this activity, which is worsening by the day, something more draconian may be needed?
Would he please look at instituting immediate bans on trade with settlements?
I can tell my right hon.
Friend that his first point, about the importance of these matters, is well understood by the Government.
On his second point, that is not the policy of the Government.
He will be aware that we are opposed to boycotts, divestments and sanctions—that is the position of the Government.
Senior representatives of Israel continue to use language endorsing genocide against Palestinians.
Prime Minister Netanyahu said that the IDF would turn Gaza into rubble, and a senior leader in the Israeli army has said that, in Gaza: “There will be no electricity and no water…there will only be destruction” On LBC radio last week, the Israeli ambassador advocated the full destruction of Gaza and said that there was “no alternative”.
Last week, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary to ask him to condemn her genocidal words, but he refused.
Will the Minister now condemn her remarks and commit to taking the strongest possible action against her?
No, but I can tell the hon.
Member that, in respect of the humanitarian difficulties that he has identified, we are doing everything we can to try to secure unhindered humanitarian access, and we will continue to do so.
Given that Hamas will never accept a two-state solution, does the Minister agree that any two-state solution must exclude Hamas—or any renamed successor—from any role in the government of Gaza after this horror is all over?
There is clearly no place in any future settlement for Hamas and their vile ideology and terrorist actions.
The two-state solution must be driven forward by people of good will on all sides.
Last week, when the Israeli ambassador was told she was making “an argument for destroying the whole of Gaza”, she replied, “do you have another solution…?”
Genocidal rhetoric like that has been echoed by a litany of Israeli officials and is matched by a murderous bombing campaign that has now killed more than 23,000 Palestinians.
That is why Israel now faces the charge of genocide at the International Court of Justice.
Will the Minister expel the Israeli ambassador for her genocidal rhetoric?
Will he support the case against Israel at the International Court of Justice, and will he end his Government’s complicity in this atrocity by banning arms sales to Israel and demanding an immediate ceasefire?
As I think the hon.
Member will know, we are pressing for a sustainable ceasefire as well as humanitarian causes, and we are doing everything we can in that respect.
In respect of the wider matter about international humanitarian law, the judgment that the Foreign Secretary made on  12 December  on these matters still stands.
There has been no additional evidence since that time to suggest otherwise.
Regarding the South African application into the International Court of Justice, our US allies have described it as “meritless, counterproductive and completely without any basis in fact”.
The Irish Prime Minister also appears to have distanced himself from it.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a bit more about his view on that application at the ICJ?
Does he agree that using terms such as “genocide” is actually an inversion of the truth in this context?
I do think that using such inflammatory terms is unhelpful; I agree with my right hon.
Friend about that.
In respect of the ICJ, South Africa is entirely entitled to refer this matter.
Right hon.
and hon.
Members will reach conclusions for themselves on whether something like that is helpful at this time.
My right hon.
Friend, like me, will bear in mind that Israel is a state party to the Geneva convention of 1949, so it is obliged to take action against those accused of grave breaches of international humanitarian law.
Because of the nature of Israeli society, that is something that we would expect it to do, were those circumstances to arise.
Blwyddyn newydd dda—happy new year.
More than 23,000 people have died in Gaza since October and entire communities have been razed to the ground.
While the International Court of Justice has a clear definition of genocide, there remains no legal definition of ethnic cleansing.
Will the Government act to ensure a definition of ethnic cleansing in law so that this legal test may be applied to the conflict?
I am sure that there will be plenty of time for these legal concepts to be questioned and advanced, but the central aim of the British Government today is to get relief and humanitarian supplies into Gaza, to help those who are trapped there and who have been eloquently described across the House this afternoon.
Too many civilians and children have died.
A sustainable ceasefire is needed urgently.
There are concerns about malaria, scabies and other diseases, so as well as food and medicines will the Minister prioritise fuel for hospitals and health workers?
There has been an increase in the amount of fuel getting into Gaza, but my right hon.
Friend is right that it needs to be distributed.
We are looking very carefully at how we can make progress on that.
More than 22,000 Palestinians have been killed, two thirds of them women and children.
Our own Foreign Secretary has warned Israel that civilian deaths in Gaza are too high.
Now a state has triggered the genocide convention, which will be determined by the International Court of Justice this week, yet Britain continues to grant weapons licences and to export weapons to Israel.
Does the Minister agree that it would be reckless to continue to grant weapons licences and to export weapons to Israel, as that could support a potential act of genocide and render UK Government officials complicit in genocide under article 25 of the Rome statute?
The hon.
Lady will know that Britain has one of the toughest arms exports regulation regimes in the world.
Clearly, any new applications would be considered by that very tough regime in the normal way.
Hamas leaders have long enjoyed impunity, moving freely between Turkey, Lebanon and Qatar, financing and amassing international support for their terror activities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this special treatment by those nations has resulted in Hamas accruing the capabilities that led to the barbaric, evil and, frankly, medieval  7 October  massacre?
Will he ensure that more is done to clamp down on states that facilitate the strengthening of Hamas?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good case.
He is right that we must ensure that those who perpetrate the dreadful evil to which he refers are not able to do so again.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
The Secretary of State has indicated that he is in contact with the Israeli Government and is expressing the Government’s views, but has he raised with them the prospect of widespread disease and famine among Palestinian people in Gaza?
If so, has he received any sympathetic response from the Israeli Government that they are aware that how they are conducting their bombing campaign is likely to bring that about?
These discussions are going on all  the time, and they are greatly assisted by the British Government’s appointment of Mark Bryson-Richardson, the humanitarian co-ordinator.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and other Ministers have been actively engaged in making the points to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, so he may rest assured that there is no lack of explanation from the British Government in that respect.
We all want a sustainable ceasefire that leads to a lasting peace, but it is easy to forget that a ceasefire existed between Israel and Hamas on  6 October , and we all know what happened the following day.
Does my right hon.
Friend believe that a sustainable ceasefire can ever be achieved while Hamas remain in place?
I hope that my hon.
Friend will forgive me if I do not speculate on his last point, but he is right that we need to work towards a sustainable ceasefire.
We need yet more urgently humanitarian pauses, because in order for there to be a ceasefire, both parties must be willing to accept it.
That is one of the reasons why Britain went to such effort to ensure that council resolution 2720 was secured.
The statement we have just heard really does not measure up to the needs of the occasion: 22,000 people already killed; 1.9 million displaced; thousands dying in the rubble; thousands of children dying because of a lack of medical care and food; and people dying of starvation, thirst and hunger in the Gaza strip at the present time.
Can the Government not understand the anger around the world when they watch this happening in real time, and why so many people are very pleased that the Government of South Africa have taken the initiative by going to the  International Court of Justice to hold Israel to account for the deaths of so many wholly innocent people in Gaza?
Can the Government not understand that and at least support the South African process?
The policy of the Government—supported, I think, by those on the Opposition Front Bench—is to secure a sustainable ceasefire.
The problem with the right hon.
Gentleman’s analysis, in my view, is that it does not take adequate account of the quite appalling events that took place on  7 October , when more Jewish people were murdered in a pogrom than at any time since the end of the second world war.
The Government have said that there will be consequences if Houthi attacks on international shipping continue.
What will those consequences be, when will they start, and will they include both the Houthi rebels and their Iranian backers?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
That point is separate from the conflict in Gaza, but she will have heard what the Prime Minister, the Defence Secretary and the Foreign Secretary have said, and she will have heard those remarks echoed by our allies.
I very much hope that the Houthis and others will draw the right conclusion from that.
The right hon.
Member talked a number of times about resolution 2720, but the fact is that the aid is still not getting through.
There are not even sufficient bakeries to bake the bread for the people and, as Members have said, disease is rife in Palestine.
How are we going to support the innocent people that Hamas are using as shields, and that the IDF is also using to attack Hamas?
How can those people have any sort of a life when so many have been killed so far and so many are now affected by the huge amount of disease?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the danger of diseases, which I spelled out a few moments ago to one of his hon.
Friends, but the critical requirement is to ensure that we focus on getting additional support in.
That is why we have supported so strongly the route in from Jordan to Gaza, and why the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary has been taking British and Cypriot aid from Cyprus down to Egypt.
Recently, the Israeli ambassador to the UK very candidly said that there was absolutely no chance of a two-state solution.
Has my right hon.
Friend worked out whether the ambassador was speaking independently, or whether she was reflecting the views of the Israeli Government?
If the latter is the case, does that not sound like a slap in the face for UK policy?
If it is the former—that she was making up her own view—how can she be relied upon as a faithful conveyor of the Israeli Government’s message?
My hon.
Friend will have noted a variety of different comments that have been made by Israeli spokesmen and Israeli Ministers, but it is very strongly the policy of the British Government, and many other Governments, that we should work, when this appalling conflict is over, towards a two-state solution where both Israel and Palestine can live behind secure and safe borders.
Happy new year to you and your team, Mr Speaker.
It is clear that any sustainable ceasefire will have to involve an accountability mechanism for the allegations of war crimes, whether the taking of hostages, rape or genocide.
Now that there is the case before the International Court of Justice brought by South Africa, UK residents have a right to know the approach that their Government are taking to that.
I asked the Minister on 11 and  19 December  to set out what mechanism for upholding international law the Government support.
For the avoidance of doubt, will he now say that the Government have a position on the court and what role it will play, and whether he believes all parties should abide by any outcomes from it?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right to talk about accountability mechanisms.
In this urgent question I have made it clear at least twice that the British Government are absolutely supportive of that and do not want any culture of impunity to pertain afterwards.
I have spelled out what the Government think about the reference to the international court.
We respect the role of the international court, and we are following closely what is going on.
It is up to the court to determine these matters.
Whether or not it is helpful to launch that challenge at this particular point is a matter on which there will be disagreement on both sides of the House.
Last week, I visited Kfar Aza for the second time.
Since I last went there four years ago, a massacre has taken place.
When I was at the kibbutz last week, I felt it was the closest to evil that I had ever been.
I met the families of some of the hostages.
I know that the British Red Cross and UN organisations are active on the ground in trying to look after the welfare of children.
However, that does not appear to extend to the hostages, one of whom is only 11 months old.
Will the Minister outline whether the Government are taking any steps to make sure that this is happening and that there is a strategy to ensure the welfare of the hostages?
My hon.
Friend is right to identify the agony being felt by so many of the hostages’ families, relations and loved ones.
Some 130 hostages remain in Gaza, and we are working closely with more than 20 countries to help to secure their release.
It is probably not helpful for me to give a running commentary in the House, but my hon.
Friend may rest assured that we are doing everything we can to secure their early release.
I heard what the Minister said earlier in response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll and Bute (Brendan O’Hara)  and a Government Back Bencher about the International Court of Justice, but I wonder whether he has had time to read South Africa’s 84-page application—it is rather damning, and some lawyers say it is a strong application.
I agree with the Minister that it is for the court, not politicians, to decide whether there has been a genocide.
However, if he has had time to look at South Africa’s submission, does he at least agree that it seems, prima facie, that Israel has committed some serious breaches of international law in Gaza, for which it must be held accountable?
It is not for me to exercise that judgment.
The truth of the matter is that I have not read all 84 pages, but I have been briefed on them.
It must now be left to the court to reach its determination.