Order.
It might help if the hon.
Lady put in for an Adjournment debate.
I would gladly answer such a debate.
I know all the sites the hon.
Lady referred to, and I do understand the issue.
She will know that we are actively engaged with the defence suppliers forum to increase the number of women across the defence enterprise, and the target is 30%.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
Many women undertake critical roles in our defence industry, so the policies by which we procure the equipment they build are very important for them.
Ministers have been telling the Defence Committee since before Christmas that we can expect a major announcement on procurement reform in the new year.
As we are now in January, can we have a commitment that we will have that announcement by the end of this month, please?
My right hon.
Friend has cunningly got that question in.
My understanding is that it is imminent.
However, the point on women and procurement is well made, and my right hon.
Friend will have observed—I hope with pleasure—the work that has been done, for example, in procuring uniform that actually fits the female form, which was not previously the case.
What steps he is taking to support the delivery of UK aid to Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support the delivery of UK aid to Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support the delivery of UK aid to Gaza.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
In support of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the first maritime delivery of UK aid arrived in Egypt at new year.
RFA Lyme Bay and four RAF aircraft have positioned over 150 tonnes of humanitarian aid into Egypt.
Distribution of the aid has been impeded by challenges around its movement into Gaza.
FCDO colleagues continue to work with the UN, Israel and Egypt to allow greater volumes of aid to be delivered.
Blwyddyn newydd heddychlon i bawb.—[Translation: A peaceful new year to everyone.]
On  29 December  an aid convoy belonging to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency was hit by Israeli gunfire, despite the vehicles being identifiable  with the agency’s markings and after the IDF had designated the route from Gaza City in earlier co-ordination.
Given Israel’s targeting of aid convoys, can the Minister say whether the Ministry of Defence maintains a tracker database of alleged breaches or violations of international humanitarian law in Gaza, as it has previously said it does for Yemen?
I will have to write to the hon.
Lady on her exact point about the tracker.
I am not aware of one, but that does not necessarily mean there is not one.
I will write to her.
Although humanitarian aid is a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office lead, we continue to work with partners and allies to advocate for other crossings to be opened and to increase the volume of aid delivered into Gaza.