The Secretary of State, together with the Australian Prime Minister, was recently welcomed at Rolls-Royce Raynesway in my constituency as part of the AUKUS preparations.
I am sure the Minister would also be welcomed, if he can find time in his schedule for a visit.
Two years ago, Rolls-Royce opened its doors to the UK’s first nuclear skills academy, which takes on 200 apprentices annually and trains them to become nuclear engineers.
Has the Minister considered how the Government can work with Rolls-Royce to further the UK’s nuclear skills capacity?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her excellent question and I would be delighted to visit Raynesway.
Last August, I was pleased to announce the launch of the nuclear skills taskforce, jointly with the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
The taskforce will drive activity through a coherent action plan, bringing together Government, academia and employers, crucially from across both civil and defence nuclear sectors, including from Rolls-Royce.
It will build on existing work to address the skills challenge across the nuclear sector and will bolster our ability to deliver on our commitments made under the AUKUS defence partnership.
AUKUS has strong support from across the House, but although the time scales seem very long, in reality there is growing concern in the defence community that they may already be slipping, often because of bureaucratic inertia.
What is being done to keep this vital project on track?
How often is the Minister meeting his officials to monitor and chase progress?
I am not aware of any slippage.
We meet frequently and discuss this incredibly important matter.
I am pleased to hear his confidence that AUKUS has cross-party support.
It is generating huge numbers of jobs for the future: an additional 1,700 jobs will be created in Raynesway to build the reactors for the UK and Australia.
It is an incredibly exciting project and we are 100% committed to it.