Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Mrs. Kimberly Drew Wright, a vibrant member of the Chesterfield County community who touched countless lives through her passion for advocacy.
Kim passed away on July 5, 2024, after a courageous battle with breast cancer.
Kim was a talented author and entrepreneur, a determined advocate for social justice who inspired thousands of women to become leaders in their communities, and a beloved wife and mother.
She formed and organized the Liberal Women of Chesterfield County & Beyond (LWCC), inspiring change and fostering hope across the Commonwealth.
Kim went above and beyond for her community.
She, alongside LWCC, played a significant role in local, State, and national elections by encouraging more women in Chesterfield County to serve as volunteers, activists, and candidates for elected office.
She also worked to ratify of the Equal Rights Amendment in Virginia in 2020, seeing our Commonwealth become the 38th State to ratify the amendment.
Among many awards and accolades, Kim received the 2019 Newsmaker of the Year award from Virginia Professional Communicators for her achievements as the leader of LWCC and for sharing her vision, story, and impact with local, national, and international media.
Based on her personal experiences with Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome (PANS), Kim also became an outspoken advocate for recognition, research, and treatment of this rare but potentially devastating condition, and she was a fierce champion for children affected by PANS and their families.
Kim is the reason I am here today--serving Virginia's Seventh District in the U.S. House.
Her dedication, passion, and love instilled a confidence in me and touched the hearts of so many.
When she got sick, she demonstrated true strength and grace.
I am honored to recognize my dear friend, Kim Wright.
She will be greatly missed by her husband, children, friends, and all those who will remember her strength, courage, and pure humanity.
Kim's legacy will be felt in our communities for years to come.