Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus, I rise today to recognize an individual that has made significant contributions to our Nation's fish and wildlife conservation efforts, as well as America's longstanding outdoor traditions.
This individual is also the recipient of an award named after members of this body that have made lasting and significant contributions to our Nation's outdoor heritage.
John ``Johnny'' L. Morris was born in Springfield, Missouri, to John A. and Genny Morris in 1948.
Johnny's parents both loved to hunt and fish and soon shared their passions with their son.
Johnny's love of fishing grew through high school and college but it wasn't until he attended the first national B.A.S.S. (Bass Anglers Sportsman Society) tournament that he truly realized his passion for fishing after meeting fishermen from all over the country.
In 1972, Johnny Morris started selling tackle out of his dad's Brown Derby Liquor Store, which became very popular for anglers visiting the area's waterways.
In 1978, Morris created BASS TRACKER, the industry's first fully outfitted, ready-to-fish boat, motor, and trailer package, revolutionizing the entire outdoor industry and making it affordable for families to get out on the water and make memories that will last a lifetime.
Today, 
Mr. Morris operates more than 170 Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's destinations across North America, and his commitment to his conservation roots remains stronger than ever as his company, for more than the past decade, has averaged giving back more than 10% of their earnings to conservation.
Johnny would go on to then create the Johnny Morris Conservation Foundation, one of the most significant conservation foundations in North America.
The not-for-profit foundation embodies Morris and his lifelong dedication to giving back to ensure the outdoors and all it has to offer is available for future generations.
In conservation circles, Johnny Morris is often referred to as today's Modern-Day Theodore Roosevelt, as result of his leadership, personal commitment, and dedication to conservation efforts.
A conservationist at heart, Johnny Morris recognized the need for citizens to become more involved in the careful management and use of our natural resources.
Today, the foundation operates some of the Nation's most significant conservation attractions, including Dogwood Canyon Nature Park, a 10,000-acre-park that offers a variety of outdoor recreation.
Its Conservation and Education Center is used to teach the importance of protecting and conserving our great outdoors.
Most notably, the foundation also operates the most immersive conservation attraction in the world, Johnny Morris' Wonders of Wildlife National Museum and Aquarium, where visitors are taken on a conservation journey through a 350,000 square-foot complex of 35,000 live fish, mammals, reptiles, amphibians, and birds where they learn about wildlife habitat management and the significant contributions of America's sportsmen and women.
This attraction is also the official home of National Hunting and Fishing Day, which was launched by Congress in 1971 as a way to recognize and celebrate hunters and anglers for their leadership in wildlife and conservation.
In recognition of 
Mr. Morris' service to conservation, he has been chosen as this year's recipient of the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy Award, a fitting tribute to an individual whose life has epitomized dedication to America's outdoor heritage.
Named in recognition of the Dingell family--Congressmen John D. Dingell, Sr. and John D. Dingell, Jr. and the late Congressman Don Young, the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation created the DingellYoung Sportsmen's Legacy Award to recognize the extraordinary individual and collaborative leadership of the Dingell family and Congressman Young and their long-standing dedication to the advancement Like them, Morris' contributions to our outdoor traditions relied upon a unique commitment to a shared passion for hunting, fishing, and conservation.
Recognized as one of the country's leaders working to ensure natural habitats, wildlife, and the outdoors remain healthy and abundant for future generations, the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy Award is a fitting tribute for Morris.
In closing, I want to thank 
Mr. Morris for his many contributions to America's outdoor heritage and congratulate him for the well-deserved recognition as the recipient of the Dingell-Young Sportsmen's Legacy Award, the top award offered by the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation.
In the words of 
Mr. Morris, 
Mr. Speaker, ``Take a kid fishing, you'll be happy you did.''