Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate my friend and fellow

Hoosier Judge Dean Colvin of Marshall County Superior Court No.
2 as he

prepares to retire this coming September after more than 37 years of

serving on the bench.
Born and raised in Marshall County, Judge Colvin's distinguished

career in public service

goes back 50 years to 1974.
Starting out as a special deputy with the

Marshall County Sheriff's Department, a Plymouth Police Officer,

Investigator with the Marshall County Prosecutor's Office, and Deputy

Attorney General for the State of Indiana.
Dean was appointed to serve

the citizens of Marshall County as judge in 1986.
In that time, Judge

Colvin has dedicated himself to advancing the principles of justice and

ensuring Hoosiers get a fair shake before the law.
The Rule of Law tradition we have inherited helps secure individual

liberty and promotes the conditions necessary for human flourishing.
It

is incumbent on us to do our part to make sure these principles of

justice and Rule of Law precepts are passed seamlessly from one

generation to the next.
That mission is one Judge Colvin has embraced

wholeheartedly and worked tirelessly to advance throughout his career.
As Judge Colvin's career comes to a close, I am reminded of the

saying ``I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives.
I

like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him .''
I

believe this quote applies uniquely well to Judge Colvin.
The Plymouth

community and all of Marshall County are unquestionably better off

thanks to this good man with a servant's heart.
I am also very happy

for him personally in that with his upcoming retirement, Dean will have

more time to devote to his three great passions in life in addition to

his family: baseball, cars, and cooking.
I join Hoosiers throughout Indiana's Second Congressional District in

expressing our gratitude to Judge Dean Colvin for his service, and in

wishing him a very happy retirement and all the best going forward.
I

thank Dean.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
MIA NORTON

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Mia Norton for

her invaluable work as a congressional intern serving in my D.C.

office.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank her for her hard

work and recognize the meaningful contributions she has made to the

office and serving the people of Western North Carolina this spring.
Mia is from Clyde, North Carolina, located in NC-11.
She will soon be

concluding her sophomore year at American University, where she is

studying journalism and political science.
Interns work with congressional staff to serve constituents in my

district.
Mia was chosen from a competitive pool of applicants, and she

exceeded every expectation.
It was a pleasure to work with Mia, and I am proud to have such an

intelligent and ambitious intern representing my office.
Mia

exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the best that

Western North Carolina has to offer.
Congratulations to Mia on the

successful completion of her internship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CENTRAL CABARRUS HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL TEAM

HON.
DAN BISHOP

Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to

congratulate the Central Cabarrus boy's high school basketball team on

winning back-to-back 3A state championships.
In recent years, the

Central Cabarrus Vikings have been the dominant force to reckon with in

North Carolina boys' basketball.
Local Charlotte news anchor Jim

Tritsch described it perfectly when he said, ``there is no defense they

cannot breach; there is no level of dominance they can't unlock.''
Led by Coach Jim Baker, the Vikings put up an astounding record of

95-1 over the past three seasons.