4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review

2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
MAY 16

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Forest

Service.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine Department of State

modernization and management, focusing on building a

Department to address 21st century challenges.
MAY 21

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.
JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
MATTHEW B. RETTIG

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to

Dr. Matthew B. Rettig, Medical Director of the Prostate Cancer Program

at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California,

Los Angeles and Chief of Hematology-Oncology at the Veterans Affairs

Medical Center in Greater Los Angeles, on receiving the Department of

Veterans Affairs' Office of Clinical Science Research and Development

John B. Barnwell Award in recognition of his significant contributions

to the field of prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Dr. Rettig began his Veterans Affairs (VA) career as a staff

physician in the Division of Hematology-Oncology at the VA Greater Los

Angeles Health Care System in 1996.
He became a leader within the

department, and his unwavering commitment to improving health outcomes

for veterans diagnosed with prostate cancer led to the development of

the VA Precision Oncology Program Cancer of the Prostate (POPCaP)

network.
Dr. Rettig is credited for fostering the partnership between

the VA and Prostate Cancer Foundation (PCF), which has resulted in the

PCF committing $50M to support this program and expanding services to

over 20 centers across the nation to meet the critical care needs of

American veterans with prostate cancer.
Along with his leadership of the Prostate Cancer Program, Dr. Rettig

is also a Professor of Medicine and Urology at UCLA where he is

training the next generation of clinicians and researchers.
Dr. Rettig

has dedicated himself to the future of the field, having generously

mentored and trained over 31 residents, fellows, post-doctoral

scholars, and junior faculty in veteran-centered clinical research, a

majority of whom continue to serve the VA to meet the healthcare needs

of veterans while also conducting their own independent cutting-edge

research in various disciplines.
The impact of his work is far-reaching

and truly immeasurable.
Dr. Rettig is ranked among the top ten clinical investigators

nationally both within and outside of the VA and is a major asset for

the VA and the veterans they serve.
His expertise and achievements in

genitourinary oncology and research are evidenced by invitations to

serve on local and national committees and boards including the VA

National GU Cancer Working Group Steering Committee, Brentwood

Biomedical Research Institute, Greater LA Research & Education

Foundation, Department of Defense, and the Prostate Cancer Foundation,

among many others.
Additionally, he serves on an editorial capacity for

13 scientific and medical journals.
It is with great honor that I congratulate Dr. Rettig upon receiving

the Barnwell Award, the highest honor conferred by the VA Clinical

Science Research and Development Service, in recognition of outstanding

scientific achievements in clinical research.
I ask that all Members

join me in congratulating Dr. Rettig on his award and his service to

our Nation's veterans.