Title: CELEBRATING 175 YEARS OF TOLEDO PUBLIC SCHOOLS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
80

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 175 YEARS OF TOLEDO PUBLIC SCHOOLS

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of a milestone in our

region's history.
Toledo Public Schools celebrated 175 years of

education today.
As the school system notes, ``or 175 years, Toledo Public Schools has

been one of the most influential institutions in the history of our

city.
The lives of hundreds of thousands of Toledoans have been formed

within the walls of their neighborhood schools, leading to each one's

mark on the future of our society.
From its inception on May 8, 1849 to

present day, TPS remains a progressive, forward-thinking school

district.''
The first Toledo Public School Board was convened 175 years ago

today.
Only two years later, in 1851, Lagrange School was the first

school to open.
Two years after that, on August 15, 1853, the

cornerstone was laid for the high school.
When it opened in 1854 it

also provided an education for girls, graduating the first young lady

in the original Class of 1857.
Leading social change again and again,

Toledo Public Schools became integrated in 1871 and opened a school for

children with disabilities in 1918.
Toledo has long been at the forefront of the election of women to

public office, starting with the election of Pauline Steinem to the

board of education in 1904, the first woman elected any office in the

city.
Many years later, in 1990 Toledo Public Schools would once again

prove itself a progressive agent for change with the appointment of Dr.

Crystal Ellis, a longtime educator, as the first African-American

Superintendent.
In addition to academic excellence, vocational and college

preparatory training, Toledo Public Schools' students have won praise

on the athletic field as well.
From its beginnings, when Scott High

School was declared the national football champs in 1916 and subsequent

years, Toledo Public Schools have boasted many powerhouse athletic

teams.
At the same time, leading citizens in our community trace part

of their success to the lessons learned in Toledo Public Schools.
Reflecting the general population growth during the baby boom

generation, Toledo Public Schools saw its highest numbers of both

schools and students during the 1960s.
Even now, it remains one of the

area's largest employers and the fourth largest school district in the

State of Ohio.
Today, Toledo Public Schools is led by Dr. Romulus

Durant, himself a product of Toledo Public Schools, who ably leads the

school district's navigation in the 21st Century, declaring students,

teachers, parents, administrators, and community to be ``TPS Proud.''
Toledo Public Schools is the core of our city.
Graduates of years

past, present and future are tied to one another with an invisible

thread with memories and experience connecting them.
In the Fall of 1967, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. visited

the student at Scott High School, delivering inspiring oratory.
Since

its inception 175 years ago, Toledo Public Schools has delivered on the

promise of words Dr. King once spoke when he explained, ``The function

critically.
Intelligence plus character--that is the goal of true

education.''
As Toledo Public Schools marches TPS Proud into the next

years, that goal remains strong.
Onward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDGE DEAN A. COLVIN'S SERVICE TO MARSHALL COUNTY, INDIANA

HON.
RUDY YAKYM, III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate my friend and fellow

Hoosier Judge Dean Colvin of Marshall County Superior Court No.
2 as he

prepares to retire this coming September after more than 37 years of

serving on the bench.
Born and raised in Marshall County, Judge Colvin's distinguished

career in public service

goes back 50 years to 1974.