Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for Indian Country.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine climate change and the costs

to national security.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on National Parks

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the National

Park Service, including S. 2620, to establish the

Chesapeake National Recreation Area as a unit of the

National Park System, S. 2742, to establish the Fort

Ontario National Monument in the State of New York as a

unit of the National Park System, S. 2743, to amend the

John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and

Recreation Act to designate as a component of the

National Heritage Area System the Finger Lakes National

Heritage Area in the State of New York, S. 2784, to

amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage Preservation Act of

1992 to adjust the boundary of the Dayton Aviation

Heritage National Historical Park, S. 3195, to

designate the General George C. Marshall House, in the

Commonwealth of Virginia, as an affiliated area of the

National Park System, S. 3241, to establish the Grand

Village of the Natchez Indians and Jefferson College as

affiliated areas of the Natchez Historical Park, S.

3251, to modify the boundary of the Lincoln Home

National Historic Site in the State of Illinois, S.

3474, to redesignate the Hulls Cove Visitor Center at

Acadia National Park as the ``George J. Mitchell, Jr.,

Visitor Center'', S. 3534, to authorize the Pines

Foundation to establish the Fire Island AIDS Memorial,

S. 3542, to amend the Atchafalaya National Heritage

Area Act to modify the boundary of the Atchafalaya

National Heritage Area, S. 3543, to establish the

Historic Greenwood District-Black Wall Street National

Monument in the State of Oklahoma, S. 3568/H.R. 3448,

to amend chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code,

to enhance the protection and preservation of America's

battlefields, S. 4129, to contribute funds and

artifacts to the Theodore Roosevelt Presidential

Library in Medora, North Dakota, S. 4209, to provide

greater regional access to the Katahdin Woods and

Waters National Monument in the State of Maine, S.

4216, to establish the Ocmulgee Mounds National Park

and Preserve in the State of Georgia, S. 4218, to

designate the visitor center for the First State

National Historical Park to be located at the Sheriff's

House in New Castle, Delaware, as the ``Thomas R.

Carper Visitor Center'', S. 4222, to adjust the

boundary of the Mojave National Preserve in the State

Mountains National Monument, S. 4227, to amend the

California Desert Protection Act of 1994 to expand the

boundary of Joshua Tree National Park, S. 4228, to

redesignate the Cottonwood Visitor Center at Joshua

Tree National Park as the ``Senator Dianne Feinstein

Visitor Center'', S. 4259, to require the Secretary of

the Interior to conduct a study to assess the

suitability and feasibility of designating certain land

as the Lahaina National Heritage Area, H.R. 359, to

establish Fort San Geronimo del Boqueron in Puerto Rico

as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and

H.R. 2717, to authorize the National Medal of Honor

Museum Foundation to establish a commemorative work on

the National Mall to honor the extraordinary acts of

valor, selfless service, and sacrifice displayed by

Medal of Honor recipients, and H.R. 4984, to amend the

District of Columbia Stadium Act of 1957 to provide for

the transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the

Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Campus to the

Administrator of General Services and the leasing of

the Campus to the District of Columbia for purposes

which include commercial and residential development.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the future of arms control

and deterrence.