Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the future of arms control

and deterrence.
Committee on Rules and Administration

Business meeting to consider S. 2770, to prohibit the

distribution of materially deceptive AI-generated audio

or visual media relating to candidates for Federal

office, S. 3875, to amend the Federal Election Campaign

Act of 1971 to provide further transparency for the use

artificial intelligence in political advertisements by

requiring such advertisements to include a statement

within the contents of the advertisements if generative

AI was used to generate any image, audio, or video

footage in the advertisements, and S. 3897, to require

the Election Assistance Commission to develop voluntary

guidelines for the administration of elections that

address the use and risks of artificial intelligence

technologies.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 4066, to improve Federal

technology procurement, S. 3015, to amend title 5,

United States Code, to address telework for Federal

employees, S. 4043, to amend title 5, United States

Code, to make executive agency telework policies

transparent, to track executive agency use of telework,

S. 3810, to prohibit conflict of interests among

consulting firms that simultaneously contract with the

Government of the People's Republic of China and the

United States Government, S. 2492, to amend title II of

the Social Security Act to improve coordination between

the Do Not Pay working system and Federal and State

agencies authorized to use the system, S. 4181, to

require the development of a workforce plan for the

Federal Emergency Management Agency, S. 4035, to

require the Director of the Office of Personnel

Management to take certain actions with respect to the

health insurance program carried out under chapter 89

of title 5, United States Code, H.R. 6249, to provide

for a review and report on the assistance and resources

that the Administrator of the Federal Emergency

Management Agency provides to individuals with

disabilities and the families of such individuals that

are impacted by major disasters, H.R. 5528, to require

the Director of the Office of Management and Budget

conduct a review to determine the impact of the lowest

price technically acceptable source selection process

on national security, an original bill entitled, ``DHS

Better Ballistic Body Armor Act'', and an original bill

entitled, ``Cross Border Aerial Law Enforcement

Operations Act''.
2 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related

Programs

To hold hearings to examine strengthening American

competitiveness, focusing on the roles of the U.S.

International Development Finance Corporation, Export-

Import Bank, and Millennium Challenge Corporation.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Commerce.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Library of

Congress and the Architect of the Capitol.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine the findings and

recommendations of GAO's 2024 Report on Opportunities

to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication and

Achieve Financial Benefits.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine frontier health care,

focusing on ensuring veterans' access no matter where

they live.
4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review

2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
MAY 16

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Forest

Service.