Mr. Freeman further revolutionized the tech industry with his unique

hypotheses and worked to make those customizable chips affordable for

everyone.
His incredible life was unfortunately cut short at the age of 41, not

long after his vision for the future began taking shape.
However, his

contributions to society are immense and will be remembered by proud

Yoopers all across our great state.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ross Freeman for his

contributions to both the Scientific Community and our Nation as a

whole.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SUSIE BELL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susie Bell of

Canon City for being inducted into the Fremont Hall of Fame.
Susie was a pillar in Fremont County and spent decades improving the

community before her passing in November of 2022.
Her many

philanthropic contributions and hours of volunteer work continue to

have a transformative impact on students and so many others in Fremont

County.
Susie was committed to advancing education--she built several

scholarships for current and future learners, supported early childhood

development programs, and donated and volunteered for many events to

promote the arts.
Her tireless work and dedication to Fremont County

did not go unnoticed.
She will be missed, but her contributions will

last for generations.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Susie Bell for being inducted into

Fremont Hall of Fame and thank her for her contribution and commitment

to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 140TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DOSS SCHOOL

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the one-hundred

fortieth anniversary of the Doss School in Gillespie County, Texas.
It

is the longest continually running school in the State and is located

northwest of Fredericksburg.
Alumni, faculty, and students of the Doss School will gather to

celebrate this milestone on May 18, 2024.
Its motto is ``The small

school with a big heart.''
School board president Cecil Crenwelge had this to say about the

occasion, ``The history behind Doss School is truly remarkable.
As we

celebrate the incredible history of the school and its many alumni, we

also have an eye to the future that is very bright.''
The original building for Doss School was officially designated a

Texas Historic Landmark in 1985.
The first classes at Doss School began

in 1884.
Mr. Tom Nixon donated land for the construction of a school

building.
Upon completion, students at Squaw Creek and Onion Creek

schools merged with Doss and shared the new building.
The school

further expanded with a new building in 1927.
I would like to thank the Friends of Doss School for preserving local

history and this community treasure.
I wish the students and faculty of

Doss School well in the upcoming school year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 9, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.