Mr.

Casillas has beaten the odds and was named the Arizona Teacher of the

Year in 2024 by the Arizona Educational Foundation, representing the

state of Arizona at the national level among many more recognitions.
Mr. Casillas has had a profound impact on countless students,

pioneering innovative music programs, including the district's first

Mariachi, Jazz, Marching, Concert, and Latin Jazz bands.
As a native of

Puerto Rico, Mariachi was not part of his musical heritage, but

Casillas made it a priority to learn it because it is part of the

culture of many of his students who are native to Mexico.
Under Mr. Casillas' guidance, the Mariachi band has secured multiple

awards, including the Tucson Mariachi International Conference Choice

Awards for three consecutive years.
Notably, his dedication led to the

Mariachi band performing at the 2024 Annual White House Easter Egg Roll

event and the marching band proudly participating in the Disneyland

Parade.
Additionally, Mr. Casillas directed the Tolleson Elementary

School marching band in the Fiesta Bowl Parade for three consecutive

years.
Mr. Casillas' commitment and talent have garnered numerous

accolades and awards, including being named the Tolleson Elementary

School District Teacher of the Year in 2015 and nominated for the Life

Changer of the Year Award in 2017.
He has also received the Esperanza

Award from Chicanos Por La Causa and Arizona's Esperanza Latino Teacher

Awards in 2018, along with the 2019 Music Teacher of Excellence

Foundation Award by the Country Music Association.
Furthermore, he was

honored with the Music Teachers of Excellence from the Country Music

Foundation Award (CMF) in 2020 and featured on the Kelly Clarkson Show.
Mr. Casillas' dedication to music education and advocacy for public

education were further recognized when he received the Phoenix Arts

Hero Award in 2022.
Mr. Casillas' commitment to music education extends

beyond the classroom, as he is an active member of many notable and

impactful organizations.
He has also served as a presenter for the

National Symposium of Multicultural Music at the University of

Tennessee in Knoxville in 2004 and as a clinician for the 2024 Tolleson

High School Honors Mariachi Music Festival.
The highest honor Mr. Casillas has received is having many of his

former students return to assist in the music program as teachers or

instructors.
His impact is now extending to more students.
Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Efrain Casillas for his unwavering

dedication to music education, his outstanding achievements as a

teacher, and his tireless advocacy for public education.
His passion,

talent, and leadership have enriched the lives of countless students

and inspired us all.
I join my colleagues in expressing our deepest

appreciation for Mr. Casillas' contributions and in wishing him

continued success in all his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROSS FREEMAN FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO SCIENCE

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ross Freeman for

his historic contributions to the Scientific and Technological

communities

One of the UP's very own, Mr. Freeman grew up on a farm near

Engadine.
He graduated from Michigan State University in 1969 and

received his master's degree from the University of Illinois in 1971.
Mr. Freeman invented the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA), a

computer chip which revolutionized programming as we know it.
The FPGA

created what came to be known as ``open gates,'' which allowed

engineers brand new reprogramming capabilities to adapt to changing

standards and specifications and make last second changes to designs.
Mr. Freeman further revolutionized the tech industry with his unique

hypotheses and worked to make those customizable chips affordable for

everyone.
His incredible life was unfortunately cut short at the age of 41, not

long after his vision for the future began taking shape.
However, his

contributions to society are immense and will be remembered by proud

Yoopers all across our great state.