After the Navy, Jack returned to his hometown of Lowell where he

embarked on a 3 decades-long professional career at his cherished

family-founded local paper, The Lowell Sun.
Jack got his start as a

sports writer before quickly moving up through the ranks to sports

editor, to editor, and ultimately taking his destined position as the

Sun's publisher.
He was known for his integrity, persistence,

decisiveness, and ability to extract the best out of his employees and

those around him.
The Sun thrived under Jack's leadership due to his

mission of keeping the paper hyperlocal, so residents were always

informed of what was happening in their community.
Over the span of his

career, Jack carefully curated a local paper that was dedicated to

delivering accurate and relevant news to the Greater Lowell area.
When he wasn't working tirelessly to ensure the Sun ran smoothly,

Jack was involved in the revitalization of his hometown.
His expertise

and vision for the future of the City made him a trusted confidant to

many business and political leaders over the years.
He served as

Chairman of the Lowell Memorial Auditorium, which welcomed many

talented artists to perform at the venue under his stewardship.
Jack

also served as Chairman of the Tsongas Arena Commission and was

instrumental in the arena's creation.
In addition to these

accomplishments, he is also responsible for helping to bring

professional hockey and baseball teams to Lowell for the community to

enjoy.
Jack's contributions to Lowell have made a lasting impact on the

city and will continue to be felt for generations to come.
Jack will be remembered for his love for his family and friends, his

kindness to those around him, his distinguished professional career,

and his immense pride in the City of Lowell.
My heart goes out to

Brenda, his loving wife of 54 years, his children, John III, Peter,

Nicole, and Suzanne, and the entire Costello family during this

difficult time.
Jack's legacy will live on through his loving family

and all of us who had the honor of knowing him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TREVONNI ROSSI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Trevonni Rossi

from Canon City for his acceptance into the Juilliard Summer Dance

Intensive, an exclusive and highly competitive program.
Even at his young age, Mr. Rossi has an extensive dance career that

extends far beyond his years.
He was named Mr. Dance America at a

prestigious regional dance competition for two consecutive years,

earned the World Dance Championship Finalist award in 2019, and ranked

fourth in the world at the Soloist World Dance Pageant in 2022.
Mr. Rossi's relentless drive, passion, and exceptional skills have

been the driving force behind his success.
It is an honor for me to

extend my heartfelt congratulations to him on his well-deserved

acceptance to the prestigious Juilliard Summer Dance Intensive.
As he

begins this exciting journey, our community is wishing him the best and

waiting to see all he achieves in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHARMAINE HEDDING WHO SHE LEADS AMERICA IS HONORING AS A

CHRISTIAN WOMEN OF DISTINCTION RECIPIENT

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor exceptional female

leaders throughout our Nation who have recently been recognized as

``Christian Women of Distinction'' by She Leads America.
While I strive to lead by example for my constituents back home in

Michigan, I understand that not everyone looks to Washington politics

for role models.
Thankfully, we do not need to look far to be inspired

by individuals led by their strong faith, moral values, and unwavering

dedication to their communities.
Today, I am proud to honor some of the

women who through their hard work and tireless dedication have brought

great inspiration to many throughout the world.