After the Army, Mrs. Bell worked at the Veterans Administration

Hospital in McKinney, Texas.
In 1947, she met her husband, fellow Army

veteran Charles Bell, on a blind date.
They married a year later on

October 16, 1948, and moved to Prosper, Texas.
Together, they raised 2

children, Tom and Cindy.
Mrs. Bell later worked as a school nurse at

the North Ward and West Ward Elementary Schools in McKinney until her

retirement in 1978.
In her free time, she enjoys traveling and visiting

casinos.
I am honored to commemorate Mrs. Bell today on reaching her

centennial.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capital to recognize Mrs. Bell's remarkable journey and service to our

Nation.
May God bless Mrs. Bell as we celebrate 100 years of life and

joy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE TRINITY LOVE HOBLIT FOUNDATION

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, did you know that September is

national Brain Aneurysm Awareness month?
The Trinity Love Hoblit Foundation certainly does.
The Foundation is

a nonprofit, headquartered in Florida and named after Trinity, who at

age 9 was diagnosed with multiple brain aneurysms.
In 2015, Trinity was

scheduled for open brain surgery but passed away 2 days prior because

her aneurysm ruptured.
About 1 in 50 Americans have an unruptured brain aneurysm.
Brain

aneurysms are more common and harmful than people know.
Mr. Speaker, while her passing was a tragic loss for our community,

The Trinity Love Hoblit Foundation honors her legacy through raising

awareness, supporting research, and identifying training for brain

aneurysms at Wolfson's Children's Hospital and Baptist Neurological

Institute in Jacksonville, Florida.
I thank the Trinity Love Hoblit team for all they do.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HEROES ELIZABETH PICKETT AND NOELLE DORGAN

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Heroes, Elizabeth Pickett and Noelle Dorgan.
Over the summer,

when a woman dialed 9-1-1 as her husband experienced a cardiac event,

Elizabeth and Noelle stepped up to help save a life.
As Emergency

Communications Specialists for the Grapevine Police Department, they

successfully guided the caller through the steps of CPR.
Thanks to the

clear instructions of these first responders and the caller's immediate

action, the patient was able to be saved once paramedics arrived.
Recently, Elizabeth and Noelle earned well-deserved recognition from

the Grapevine Fire Department for their heroic efforts.
Their composure

amidst this intense situation was the difference between life and

death.
I want to thank both Elizabeth and Noelle for their dedication

to serving the community and their efforts to tend to the safety and

health of Texas-24.