Title: HONORING COURTNEY DAUWALTER; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
154

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COURTNEY DAUWALTER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Courtney

Dauwalter, a remarkable ultrarunner and Leadville resident who

continues to redefine the boundaries of endurance in the world of

ultra-distance racing.
In July 2023, Ms. Dauwalter achieved the remarkable feat of being the

first female finisher at the grueling Hardrock 100-mile foot race, only

a few weeks after she emerged victorious at the Western States 100 in

California.
She also won the Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc, a race renowned

for its extreme difficulty and terrain.
With this victory, she made

history, becoming the first person ever to win all 3 of these races in

a single year and the second person ever to achieve this incredible

trifecta in their lifetime.
Ms. Dauwalter's unparalleled accomplishments serve as an inspiration

to all, demonstrating that with grit and dedication, one can achieve

the seemingly impossible.
We wish Ms. Dauwalter the best of luck as she

continues her running career and inspires fellow athletes and fans in

Colorado and around the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JEFFERSON COUNTY CHIEF DEPUTY CLERK AND RECORDER PEG PERL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Peg Perl, the

Chief Deputy Clerk and Recorder for Jefferson County.
She was chosen by

the U.S. Department of State's Office for Democratic Institutions and

Human Rights to help oversee a recent Uzbekistan election in July 2023.
Ms. Perl was stationed at an election site in Namangan, near the

Kyrgyzstan border.
She and her fellow delegates reviewed the set-up

process, voting, counting, and reporting of results late into the

night.
Ms. Perl's commitment to service and democracy helped to ensure

voting was accessible and protected during this election.
Ms. Perl has over 20 years of experience in election administration,

voting rights, and government ethics at the national, state, and local

levels.
She helped design and enact Colorado's modern voting laws as

well as many state and city campaign disclosure reforms while serving

as Senior Counsel for the nonpartisan Colorado Ethics Watch.
In 2017,

she was named one of the Top Women Attorneys by Law Week Colorado.
Prior to moving to Colorado in 2010, Ms. Perl served as a nonpartisan

counsel to the U.S. House of Representatives Ethics Committee and as a

policy attorney with the Federal Election Commission.
She has shown a

lifelong dedication and devotion to the ideals of democracy, and today

we recognize her commitment to service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEADERSHIP AND LEGACY OF JOHN ``JACK'' HARRINGTON

COSTELLO, JR.
HON.
LORI TRAHAN

Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the tremendous

contributions and legacy of John ``Jack'' Harrington Costello, Jr., a

successful publisher and editor of the Lowell Sun and a beloved

community leader who dedicated his life to the prosperity of my

hometown, the city of Lowell and its community.
He passed away

peacefully on August 28, 2023.
Jack was born in Lowell in 1944.
After graduating from Keith Academy

in 1963, Jack would go on to study business at Boston College.
He then

attended Officer Candidate School in Newport, Rhode Island where he

would later graduate and proudly serve his country as a Lieutenant in

the United States Navy from 1967 to 1970.
After the Navy, Jack returned to his hometown of Lowell where he

embarked on a 3 decades-long professional career at his cherished

family-founded local paper, The Lowell Sun.
Jack got his start as a

sports writer before quickly moving up through the ranks to sports

editor, to editor, and ultimately taking his destined position as the

Sun's publisher.
He was known for his integrity, persistence,

decisiveness, and ability to extract the best out of his employees and

those around him.