Her

work in Fulton v. Philadelphia, as well as in Becket's Hobby Lobby and

Little Sisters of the Poor victories, has protected many from religious

discrimination.
Lori is a renowned expert on religious freedom and in

First Amendment Law and has testified before U.S. Congress.
Mr. Speaker, these women, including Lori, have left an indelible mark

on countless lives.
They are pioneers whose examples have--and will

continue to--inspire many.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to each of

them for their unwavering dedication.
This honor is truly well-

deserved.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SHARON DAUGHTERTY WHO SHE LEADS AMERICA IS HONORING AS A

CHRISTIAN WOMEN OF DISTINCTION RECIPIENT

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor exceptional female

leaders throughout our Nation who have recently been recognized as

``Christian Women of Distinction'' by She Leads America.
While I strive to lead by example for my constituents back home in

Michigan, I understand that not everyone looks to Washington politics

for role models.
Thankfully, we do not need to look far to be inspired

by individuals led by their strong faith, moral values, and unwavering

dedication to their communities.
Today, I am proud to honor some of the

women who through their hard work and tireless dedication have brought

great inspiration to many throughout the world.
As a United States Representative, it is both my sacred and

constitutional obligation to remain steadfast in my commitment to the

defense of religious freedom.
Now more than ever, we must safeguard

religious liberty to ensure that each of these women and those I serve

never have to compromise their religious beliefs.
One of the women honored by She Leads America, Sharon Daughterty,

founded Victory Christian Center in 1981 alongside her husband.
After

his passing, Sharon served as the lead pastor for five years.
Over

time, Victory thrived and developed into a large church community with

a K-12 school, Bible School, camp, and a community center.
This church

has also planted over 2,000 Bible Colleges in 102 countries and has

played a supportive role in missions across the globe.
Mr. Speaker, these women, including Sharon, have left an indelible

mark on countless lives.
They are pioneers whose examples have--and

will continue to--inspire many.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to each

of them for their unwavering dedication.
This honor is truly well-

deserved.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MRS.
ETHELYN SZAD BELL OF BONHAM,

TEXAS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday

of Mrs. Ethelyn Szad Bell of Bonham, Texas.
Mrs. Bell served in the

United States Army Nurse Corps in the Second World War and will turn

100 years old on October 4, 2023.
Mrs. Bell was born in Wallingford, Connecticut on October 4, 1923, to

Charles and Gertrude Szad.
As the Second World War raged on, Mrs. Bell

heard President Franklin D. Roosevelt's appeal to the Nation for

additional hospital staff, so she enlisted in the United States Army on

March 26, 1945.
She completed basic training for Army nurses at Fort

Devens, Massachusetts, and set sail to the Philippines with the Army

Nurse Corps on the hospital ship USAHS Charles A. Stafford.
During this

time, Mrs. Bell provided care for wounded soldiers in a tent city

within the Philippine jungles.
She later transferred to Nagoya, Japan,

and tended to American GIs in a converted hospital.
For her service and

efforts, Second Lieutenant Bell was awarded a citation from President

Harry S. Truman, and she was honorably discharged on June 19, 1946.
After the Army, Mrs. Bell worked at the Veterans Administration

Hospital in McKinney, Texas.
In 1947, she met her husband, fellow Army

veteran Charles Bell, on a blind date.
They married a year later on

October 16, 1948, and moved to Prosper, Texas.