Today, the village serves as the third

largest municipality in Boone County with a population of 1,400

residents.
The village celebrated significant achievements throughout its

history, such as the drilling of its first municipal well in 1881, the

building of its original water tower in 1900, and electricity coming to

the village in 1911.
We are grateful for Capron's commitment and

investment in agriculture and business development in northern

Illinois.
The Village of Capron is known throughout northern Illinois for the

services that it has provided for the community over the last 150

years.
Today, we celebrate the village and their residents for their

dedication to their community.
I extend my sincere congratulations to

the Village of Capron, Illinois for a successful 150 years, and I wish

them even more success going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GARY KROESCHEN FOR RETIRING AS CHAIR OF THE MARSHALL COUNTY

BOARD

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor and congratulate Gary

Kroeschen on his retirement as Marshall County Board Chairman.
Gary has dedicated much of his career to serving the people of

Marshall County.
Throughout his incredible career.
Gary served on the

Marshall County Board, Bennington Township Board, and Toluca Park

District Board.
Serving on the Bennington Township Board and the Toluca

Park District Board for nearly 20 years, Gary also served on the

Marshall County Board for 16 years and 11 of those as Chairman.
He

retired from this role on September 14, 2023, marking the end of his

exceptional tenure serving the Marshall County area.
Like his work serving the people of Marshall County.
Gary was a small

business owner of Kroeschen Plumbing and Heating Inc in Toluca,

Illinois.
Gary exemplifies the values of public service and hard work.
I want to express the utmost gratitude to Gary.
I am certain that my

fellow Illinoisans feel the same pride and respect towards him that I

do.
He has undoubtedly improved the lives of Marshall County residents

and Central Illinoisans more broadly.
Most importantly, Gary

accomplished all this while being a loving husband, father, and family

man.
I congratulate Gary, and wish him happiness and relaxation in

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE JOHNNY APPLESEED ARTS AND CULTURAL

FESTIVAL IN LEOMINSTER, MASSACHUSETTS

HON.
JAMES P. McGOVERN

Mr. McGOVERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 30th

anniversary of the Johnny Appleseed Arts and Cultural Festival in

Leominster, Massachusetts on Saturday, September 23, 2023.
While many have heard the tales of Johnny Appleseed--the American

folk hero who wandered our early Nation planting apple seeds--not many

know the man behind the story.
John Chapman was born in Leominster, Massachusetts in 1774.
From a

young age, his father taught him to cultivate trees.
That's where his

story starts.
Back then, frontier law allowed anyone to earn a claim to the land by

developing a permanent homestead on it.
Chapman established his

homesteads by planting apple orchards, just like his father.
He

ventured more than 100,000 square miles from Massachusetts to Illinois,

all the while planting apple seeds in his wake.
At the time of his

death in 1845, John Chapman owned over 1,200 acres of land, leaving

behind hundreds of apple trees.
Every year since 1993, thousands of people have gathered in

Leominster to celebrate the life and work of John Chapman.
Through live

music and apple crisp, the festival aims to honor Chapman's legacy of

abundance, bravery, and cultivation.
Mr. Speaker, this year is special.
Under the dedication and expertise

of Festival Coordinator Rick Marchand, the event has blossomed year

after year.
This year, the festival will provide 1,000 complimentary

meals to children and their families, accommodate 230 local vendors,

and welcome several dozens of organizations and artists to interface

with their community.