And finally, we must end the culture of impunity and the code of

silence among staff which allows abuse to flourish.
As I have before, I

call on the Department of Justice to work vigorously to ensure that

every state implements PREA to protect all inmates from sexual

violence.
Mr. Speaker, on the 20th anniversary of its enactment, let us take

this moment to recognize the ways that PREA marked an important shift

in how we, as a country, deal with this violence.
Sexual abuse in

detention may not be a secret epidemic anymore, but it is incumbent

upon us to actualize the goal set out in this historic law and end this

crisis, once and for all.
Let me say again: rape is not part of the

penalty.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TIMOTHY D. ARMOUR FOR WORKING TO IMPROVE PEOPLE'S LIVES

THROUGH SUCCESSFUL INVESTING

HON.
BRAD SHERMAN

Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about Capital Group

and one of its retiring leaders, Mr. Timothy D. Armour.
Capital Group

is not only headquartered, but was also founded more than 90 years ago,

in my hometown of Los Angeles.
Today, I want to recognize Tim for his

contributions to the field of asset management and his dedication to

the tens of millions of investors in the United States and around the

world who have entrusted Capital Group to safeguard and grow their

savings.
At the end of this year, Tim will retire from Capital Group, a firm

he joined over 40 years ago at its Los Angeles headquarters.
After

graduating from the firm's early-career rotational program, he served

as an investment research analyst covering telecommunications and U.S.

service companies and later as a portfolio manager in several of the

American Funds.
He distinguished himself throughout his career as a

savvy investor able to identify companies that deliver long-term value

for their shareholders.
Tim also served in various leadership roles, including as Chairman of

Capital Group's Management Committee and Board of Directors over the

past 8 years.
Under his leadership, the 92-year old firm expanded its

reach to global investors while evolving to meet the demands of a

changing world and provide for future success for the benefit of

Capital Group's clients, associates and the communities where those

associates live and work.
Tim has been regarded by his colleagues and peers within the

financial services industry as the embodiment of Capital Group's core

values.
His personal integrity, long-term focus and commitment to

clients have set the tone for the current generation of the firm's

associates and created a legacy that the next generation can follow.
In anticipation of his retirement at the end of this year, associates

of Capital Group were asked to characterize Tim's leadership with just

a single word.
The words most often repeated included kind, trusted,

candid, inclusive, present, and caring.
One close colleague added, ``It

is rare to find a leader who cares so genuinely and openly about his

colleagues and clients.''
I am proud to celebrate the career

accomplishment of Tim Armour and wish him all the very best in life's

next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING FRANK BARRIOS

HON.
RUBEN GALLEGO

Mr. GALLEGO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

mourn the loss of Frank Barrios, a third generation Arizonan and proud

Mexican American who dedicated over 50 years of service to the people

of Arizona.
I want to express my gratitude for Frank's remarkable

service to the 3rd Congressional District, to our community, and to all

of Arizona.
Frank spent his career in hydrology, utilizing his engineering degree

to ensure the sustainability of Arizona's water supply.
Without these

efforts, Arizona's growth and success over the past decades would not

have been possible.
He began his career with the U.S. Bureau of

Reclamation.