Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MU LAMBDA CHAPTER OF ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
151

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MU LAMBDA CHAPTER OF ALPHA PHI

ALPHA FRATERNITY

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor the 100th

anniversary of the chartering of the Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi

Alpha Fraternity, the eleventh alumni chapter of the first

intercollegiate Greek-letter fraternity established for African

Americans.
The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was founded on December 4, 1906, by 7

young African American men, known as the Seven Jewels, at Cornell

University in Ithaca, New York.
The founders of the fraternity--Henry

Arthur Callis, Charles Henry Chapman, Eugene Kinckle Jones, George

Biddle Kelley, Nathaniel Allison Murray, Robert Harold Ogle and Vertner

Woodson Tandy--recognized the need for a strong bond of brotherhood

among African Africans.
The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity is the largest predominantly African

American intercollegiate fraternity and 1 of the 10 largest

intercollegiate fraternities in the Nation, with more than 850 chapters

around the world.
The fraternity is led by General President Dr. Willis

L. Lonzer, III, Interim Executive Director Sean L. McCaskill,

Comptroller Donald E. Jackson and General Treasurer Densel Fleming.
Its

Eastern Region and Mid-Atlantic Association of Alpha Chapters are led

by Regional Vice President East Christopher G. Ellis, Jr., Regional

Assistant Vice President East Tamir D. Harper, District VI Director Ray

Hawkins, Jr., Assistant District VI Director Noah Absalon, and Area

Director Michael Taylor.
The Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was established

as the first alumni chapter in the District of Columbia on October 1,

1923, in response to the desire of graduate members, many of whom were

initiated into the Beta Chapter at Howard University, to give aid to

the undergraduate members and continue the work of the fraternity after

graduation.
The Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity established the

Mu Lambda Foundation in 1994 expressly to provide community service to

residents of the District of Columbia and to inspire and assist today's

youth in their quest to make their mark on society.
For 100 years, the

Mu Lambda Chapter has played a role in the positive development of the

character and education of men.
Six members of the Mu Lambda Chapter

have served as the General President of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity,

Inc. and two have served as the Eastern Region Vice President.
Members

of the Mu Lambda Chapter are leaders in the areas of government,

business, entertainment, philanthropy, law, non-profit, science,

sports, literature, armed services, religion and academia.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in

commending the members of the Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha,

past and present, for their bond of friendship, common ideals and

beliefs, and service to their community and in expressing our best

wishes for the Mu Lambda Chapter's continued growth and success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VILLAGE OF CAPRON, ILLINOIS

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Village of

Capron, Illinois, for celebrating their 150th anniversary.
On December 3, 1873, the Village of Capron was established in Boone

County, Illinois.
The Village of Capron was named after Colonel Capron

who purchased the land from Nancy Scott and Nathan H. Wooster served as

the village's first president.
Today, the village serves as the third

largest municipality in Boone County with a population of 1,400

residents.
The village celebrated significant achievements throughout its

history, such as the drilling of its first municipal well in 1881, the

building of its original water tower in 1900, and electricity coming to

the village in 1911.
We are grateful for Capron's commitment and

investment in agriculture and business development in northern

Illinois.