Mr. HORSFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following proclamation recognizing Marcus Mason.
Whereas, Marcus Mason, at the age of 21, worked on a winning Congressional campaign, before beginning his tenure as the youngest Chief of Staff on Capitol Hill.
He served the people of California's 37th Congressional District, fighting to save the Long Beach Naval Shipyard and secured federal funding to repair Compton Creek, saving nearby communities from damaging floods.
Whereas, Marcus Mason served as Legislative Director for the late Congresswoman Juanita Millender-McDonald and to this day continues to serve as a trusted advisor and confidant to elected officials from California, from Sacramento to Los Angeles, and all the way to Washington, D.C.
Whereas, Marcus Mason led the government affairs office for Amtrak and helped shepherd the company through the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.
Whereas, Marcus Mason became a senior equity partner at the Madison Group in 2007, where he dedicated his free time to mentoring and growing Black talent in the areas of government policy.
Whereas, as immediate past president of WGRG, he founded the Tin Cup Awards, which recognize the contributions of Black public policy and government affairs professionals.
Whereas, he has mentored countless colleagues over the years and provided advice and guidance to new and seasoned professionals alike.
Whereas, in addition to his mentorship work, he has fundraised and secured millions of dollars in support of Black non-profit organizations, including the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation and the Congressional Black Caucus Institute.
Whereas, Marcus Mason served as an advisor to the campaigns of President Barack Obama and the Obama-Biden White House.
Whereas, Marcus Mason served as Chairman of President Biden's African American Leadership Finance Council and serves as a Senior Advisor to the campaign's Co-Chairman and senior leadership team.
And whereas, President Biden appointed Marcus Mason to serve as a member of the Democratic National Committee, where he continues to advocate for Black staff.
Now, therefore, I, Steven Horsford, Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and 
Representative of the 4th District of Nevada, do hereby proclaim this official recognition of Marcus Mason for his tremendous work and contributions to government affairs, policy and public service.