JULY 26 9 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to continue consideration of S. 2251, to improve the cybersecurity of the Federal Government, S. 2291, to establish the Northern Border Coordination Center, S. 2289, to direct the Director of the Information Security Oversight Office to assess foreign influence in the National Industrial Security Program and to develop a single, integrated strategy to better identify and mitigate such foreign influence, S. 2278, to establish Image Adjudicator and Supervisory Image Adjudicator positions in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations, S. 2248, to require a pilot program on the use of big data analytics to identify vessels evading sanctions and export controls and to require a report on the availability in the United States of emerging and foundational technologies subject to export controls, S. 1332, to require the Office of Management and Budget to revise the Standard Occupational Classification system to establish a separate code for direct support professionals, S. 2219, to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to expand access to breastfeeding accommodations in the workplace, S. 2292, to improve the transparency of purchases by the Federal Government of data or information that can be used to identify an individual, S. 2286, to improve the effectiveness and performance of certain Federal financial assistance programs, S. 1524, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, S. 2283, to prohibit the procurement of certain items containing perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) or perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and prioritize the procurement of products not containing PFAS, S. 2270, to establish and maintain a database within each agency for executive branch ethics records of noncareer appointees, S. 2293, to establish the Chief Artificial Intelligence Officers Council, Chief Artificial Intelligence Officers, and Artificial Intelligence Governance Boards, S. 2073, to amend title 31, United States Code, to require agencies to include a list of outdated or duplicative reporting requirements in annual budget justifications, S. 2032, to require the reduction of the reliance and expenditures of the Federal Government on legacy information technology systems, S. 1973, to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government, S. 2256, to authorize the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency to establish an apprenticeship program and to establish a pilot program on cybersecurity training for veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life, and S. 2260, to require transparency in notices of funding opportunity.
SD-562 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Protection To hold hearings to examine taking account of fees and tactics impacting Americans' wallets.
SD-538 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the fiscal consequences of climate change on infrastructure.
SD-608 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine opportunities for Congress to reform the process for permitting electric transmission lines, pipelines, and energy production on Federal lands.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine improving capacity for critical mineral recovery through electronic waste recycling and reuse.
SD-406 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine pathways to women's entrepreneurship, focusing on understanding opportunities and barriers.
SD-106 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ``Primary Care and Health Workforce Expansion Act'', and other pending calendar business.
SD-430 11 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine governing AI through acquisition and procurement.
SD-562 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence Closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air, Climate, and Nuclear Safety To hold hearings to examine cleaner trains, focusing on opportunities for reducing emissions from America's rail network.
SD-406 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine Native priorities for the 2023 Farm Bill reauthorization.
SD-628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Intellectual Property To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
SD-226 3 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine implementing the PACT Act.
SR-418 3:30 p.m. Committee on Rules and Administration To hold a joint oversight hearing with the Committee on House Administration to examine the Capitol Police Board.
SD-G50