Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to the late Armand M. Martinelli, a beloved teacher, veteran, husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and community leader from Northeastern Pennsylvania who has left an indelible mark on our community through his profound dedication to education and service.
Armand Martinelli, a devout Roman Catholic born in Olyphant, PA, embodied the values of faith, integrity, and selflessness throughout his 92 years of life.
From his humble beginnings at Lafayette School in Scranton and Mother Cabrini School to becoming a member of the first 4year graduating class at Scranton Preparatory School, Armand's early education laid the foundation for a lifetime of intellectual pursuit and service to others.
Armand Martinelli served his country valiantly during the Korean War.
His military journey took him from the 101st Airborne in Breckinridge, Kentucky, to the U.S. Counter Intelligence School at Fort Holabird in Baltimore, Maryland.
He displayed unwavering commitment and courage as a special agent with the 704th CIC in Teague and the 308th CIC in Pusan, earning the respect and gratitude of his fellow soldiers.
Upon returning to civilian life, Armand embraced a diverse array of occupations before discovering his true calling as an educator.
For over 5 decades, he worked as a self-employed painter, an insurance agent, and a teacher at West Scranton High School.
It was within the walls of West Scranton High School that Armand would leave an enduring legacy as an influential and dedicated educator.
For 30 years, Armand taught social studies, Latin, and journalism, molding the minds of countless students who passed through his classrooms.
His commitment extended beyond the subject matter; he served as an athletic director for 24 years and provided guidance to numerous clubs and organizations, including the yearbook, school newspaper, and Latin club, among others.
His passion for education and genuine care for his students earned him the love and admiration of those he taught, and many kept in touch with him long after graduation.
Outside the classroom, Armand's dedication to public service was equally commendable.
He actively sought to improve our community, serving as a member of the Scranton School Board where be championed education initiatives.
He also played an integral role in the formation Devoted to serving his West Scranton community and proud of his Italian heritage, Armand enjoyed spending time at the Victor Alfieri Club where he was an original member of the Cetaiolos bocce team as well as attending weekly get together with friends at the Villa Maria Restaurant.
Above all else, Armand loved his family.
He took great pride in his roles as a husband, father, grandfather and great-grandfather.
He always looked forward to weekly Sunday dinners, where he treated his family to his homemade sauce and meatballs, which he faithfully made right up to the last 2 weeks of his life.
After retiring from his distinguished teaching career, Armand continued to serve our community, working as a Tipstaff for Judge James J. Walsh, and serving on numerous local executive boards, including the Scranton Redevelopment Authority, the Scranton Housing Authority, and the Lackawanna Drug and Alcohol Treatment Service.
Armand's commitment to making a positive impact on the lives of others knew no bounds.
As we mourn the loss of a true pillar of our community, let us also celebrate the profound impact Armand Martinelli had on the lives of countless individuals.
Through his selfless dedication to education, service, and family, he leaves behind a legacy that will continue to inspire future generations.
May the memory of Armand M. Martinelli serve as a beacon of hope and goodness in our community, and may we be reminded of the power of a single individual to positively influence the lives of others.