commanded at the squadron, group, and wing levels and served as a command pilot with more than 3,000 hours in mobility and trainer aircraft.
In addition, he has deployed in support of Operations Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom, and New Dawn.
As the Travis Air Force Base 60th Air Mobility Wing Commander, Brigadier General Salmi led the Air Force's largest air mobility organization in terms of personnel and was responsible for the wellbeing and readiness of more than 26,100 active-duty, reserve and civilian personnel, and their families.
In addition, he managed $13 billion in capital assets, executed a $650 million budget, and oversaw the Air Force's largest medical center in the continental United States.
Brigadier General Salmi's critical leadership and expertise not only made our country safer, but also helped improve the lives of the thousands of military and civilian personnel who work at Travis Air Force Base.
Brigadier General Salmi's commitment to preparing the units at Travis Air Force Base to respond to any potential threat characterized his tenure as Commander of the 60th Air Mobility Wing.
He led the 60th Air Mobility Wing in executing two intensive joint Agile Combat Employment exercises in the United States Indo-Pacific Command theater of operations while simultaneously providing 35 percent of all Department Under Brigadier General Salmi's leadership, the 60th Air Mobility won 117 United States Air Force and Air Mobility Command awards.
In addition, he directed multiple key military construction projects that will make Travis Air Force Base more resilient and our country more secure.
Brigadier General Salmi's selfless commitment to the military personnel and families stationed at Travis Air Force Base has undeniably improved the base for future generations of servicemembers.
On behalf of California's Eighth Congressional District, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude for Brigadier General Salmi's dedication and service to our country and community.
I know Travis Air Force Base and the Solano County community join me in extending our best wishes as Brigadier General Salmi embarks on his future endeavors.