2003 to 2007 and served as a member of its environmental task force, promoting energy efficiency across all County departments.
A naturally helpful and supportive person, Gloria first started working with the Westside Housing Organization in 2011 at the request of a friend in need, as there was a vacancy on the board.
The rest is history.
Gloria's passion for community service and volunteerism eventually earned her the title of Executive Director of the Westside Housing Organization, which was founded on these very principles in 1973.
The group began as Kansas City neighbors joined forces to save their communities from degradation and destruction, forming a local nonprofit development group now known as the Westside Housing Organization.
With over four decades of experience, growth, and appreciation, the Westside Housing Organization prides itself on working, ``at the intersection of home, health, energy, and equity.''
It not only builds new housing in Kansas City, but also provides essential repair and restoration efforts to citizens who are unable to afford these costs.
Though it has expanded far beyond a small group of neighbors repairing homes, the Westside Housing Organization has maintained the neighborly sentiment that founded the organization so long ago thanks to Gloria's diligent leadership.
Gloria has brought far more than remodeled roofs, pristine paint, or functioning furnaces to disadvantaged neighborhoods--she also brings care and dignity to the people she serves.
It is through Gloria that the houses and residences the Westside Housing Organization works on become homes and communities.
Gloria's impact on communities is as wide-reaching as it is essential.
Beginning with her work for Jackson County, Gloria has worked tirelessly to address ongoing climate concerns and their harsh impact on housing for underprivileged populations.
She constantly advocates for sustainability and environmentally friendly housing initiatives, saving lower-income households major costs.
Her push for climate sustainability extends beyond her job requirements.
Only a year into her role as Executive Director, the Westside Housing Organization was granted with a ``Green Designation'' from NeighborWorks America for being committed to sustainability.
Gloria also serves as Commissioner of the Mayor's Energy Task Force, promoting environmental consciousness throughout the city.
Gloria pours her heart and soul into bettering the lives of Kansas Citians--whether that be in or out of the professional sphere.
In her free time, she serves as a mentor for young Latino students in the University of Missouri-Kansas City's Avanzado program and is an active member and Community Leader of the Christ Community Church.
Her record of relentless service reminds me of Hebrews 13:16:--``And do not forget to do good and to share with others, for with such sacrifices God is pleased.''
Gloria continues to serve as a shining example of helping others in need, and I am filled with pride at her commitment to service.
With Gloria's devotion to the people of Kansas City, I cannot think of a more deserving recipient of the 2024 MARC Regional Leadership Award.
Recipients of this award have embodied excellence and made meaningful contributions to the Greater Kansas City region.
As a former recipient of this award, I am incredibly pleased to have 
Ms. OrtizFisher join the cohort of those who have been granted this honor for their leadership and service, and I am honored to share this award with her.
May this achievement express the profound appreciation the people of Kansas City, including myself, have for her.
Gloria is truly a neighbor for all Kansas Citians and will continue to have a remarkable living legacy in this city--one that will be felt for generations.