She is also

survived by her godson, Dr. Jordan Howard, of Atlanta, and her best

friend, Diane Mosesian, of Colorado.
Mr. Speaker, I extend an invitation to my esteemed colleagues to join

me in honoring the life and legacy of Irene.
Her remarkable time,

filled with resilience, love, and devotion, leaves an indelible mark on

our hearts and in the tapestry of our community.
Irene's enduring

spirit will forever hold a cherished place in our memories and the

lives she touched.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF PATRICIA ANN ``PATTY'' SIMONIAN

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Patricia

Ann ``Patty'' Simonian, who passed away at age 80 on March 11, 2023.
Patty was mother, friend, and member of the St. George Greek Orthodox

Church.
Patty was a godmother to me.
She was known for the many

contributions she made in the community throughout her life.
Patty was born on May 4, 1942, to John and Mary Costa in Merced,

California.
She went to Central Union High School and met the love of

her life, Pete Simonian.
Ten years later, they married on August 26,

1961.
they started a farm of vegetables.
their children Talbert,

Nanette, and Peter J. would help on the farm planting prunes that they

grew organically until 2011 when Patty decided to sell the farm to

family members.
During her life, Patty was very involved in the community and with

her family.
She was a FFA Mom, CUHS Band Mom, president of the POMS for

2 years, 4H leader in different capacities, Fresno County President for

7 years, and more.
She was an active member for her church, St. George

Greek Orthodox Church.
Patty and Pete decided to renew their vows on

their 40th Anniversary at the church.
Patty enjoyed being with her husband, and they both participated in

the Cabrillo Civic Clubs of California.
Patty would participate in

different groups for her children.
She joined the Blue Star Moms

because of her son, Peter's service in the United States Navy, and

would support her daughter Nanette with the Central Valley CWA.
Her love for family was evident.
Patty enjoyed being around her

grandchildren and never denied babysitting them.
The time she spent

with family and friends was something to cherish every chance she had.
During her time at Paintbrush Assisted Living and Memory Care, her

joy radiated as the greeter, and she spent her time in the community

garden.
Patty was precise on the crops she planted and would make sure

to inform the residents it was time to pick them.
Patty was preceded in death by her parents, John and Mary Costa, and

her husband, Pete Simonian.
Patty is survived by her son Talbert, her daughter Nanette, her son

Peter J. and wife Toni, grandchildren: Matthew, Kylie, Jerad, Kassidy,

and Caydin.
She is survived by her brother Kenneth Costa and brother-

in-law Scott, sister Johnell Costa Wilt, and brother-in-law Dennis.
Patty is also survived by neighboring cousins Bette O'Sullivan and Jim

Costa, along with her nieces, nephews, and many cousins.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of

Patricia Ann ``Patty'' Simonian.
May she be remembered as the pure joy

of her life for all who knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIAM ROBERTSON WAINWRIGHT'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor and celebrate

Mr. William Robertson Wainwright of Salisbury, Maryland as he

approaches his 100th birthday on November 21st.
Born in 1924, Mr. Wainwright honorably served in the United States

Army during World War II from 1943 until 1946.
It is a distinct privilege to recognize Mr. Wainwright on his

upcoming 100th birthday and celebrate this wonderful milestone.