Bill is a testament to the impact of positivity and a reminder that

even in the face of immense challenges, we have the power to rise,

inspire, and make a difference.
Today, we honor Bill Ridler not just

for his remarkable deeds but for who he is--a true hero in every sense

of the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Bill Ridler for his extraordinary service.
I ask

my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual, whose

leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to come.
May

his example remind us of the boundless potential within each of us to

make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: ELIZABETH TODDERUD

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Elizabeth Todderud, one of our

district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the

people and places they serve.
They are the foundation upon which our

communities stand--the ones who lift others up, inspire hope, and, in

doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
Elizabeth has embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely

capture.
Over the past two decades, Elizabeth has poured her heart and soul

into handcrafting over 300 blankets for the Navy-Marine Corps Relief

Society Budget for Baby Program and Camp Lejeune.
Rita Fountain, the

Relief Society Director, emphasized the profound impact of Elizabeth's

contributions to the Navy and marine Corps families at Camp Lejeune

preparing to welcome new babies, often many miles away from their loved

ones.
Elizabeth's blankets provide these families warmth, comfort, and

a sense of community while serving as a token of appreciation for their

service and sacrifice.
This year, Elizabeth was recognized with the

prestigious 10,000-hour pin and a custom-etched glass wedge by the

Marine Corps League Patriot Detachment 1230 on behalf of the Navy-

Marine Corps Relief Society.
Elizabeth's compassion and generosity are

a shining example of how one person can make a profound difference in

the lives of others.
Through her blankets, she has woven a tapestry of

hope, solace, and belonging for our military families far from home.
Mr. Speaker, it is through the work of people like Elizbeth that our

communities thrive, and our Nation grows stronger.
Her actions remind

us that progress is not forged in grand gestures, but in the cumulative

power of selfless acts.
She embodies the timeless American values of

resilience, generosity, and compassion, showing us that the future is

built by those who care deeply, act decisively, and give without

hesitation.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Elizabeth Todderud for her extraordinary service.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual,

whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to

come.
May her example remind us of the boundless potential within each

of us to make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: JOSEPH A. FLUEHR III

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Joseph A. Fluehr III, one of our

district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.