From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OHIO NATIONAL GUARD COMPANY B, 3rd BATTALION, 238th

AVIATION REGIMENT BEING NAMED OHIO'S 13th DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Ohio National

Guard Company B, 3rd Battalion, 238th Aviation Regiment from Green as

Ohio's 13th Congressional District Champion of the Week.
Hurricane Helene caused serious flooding and damage across Florida,

Georgia, the Carolinas, Tennessee and Virginia, which left roads

underwater, basements flooded, wires down, people trapped in their cars

in flooded areas, and people stranded in their homes.
Ohio National Guard Company B, 3rd Battalion, 238th Aviation Regiment

answered the call to assist.
These brave men and women navigated

through flooded North Carolina streets to assist people stranded in

their homes and cars.
Ohio's 13th Congressional District is made up of champions who work

hard and don't hesitate to lend a helping hand to a neighbor in need.
The unwavering and selfless work of these service members in the wake

as the ``Birthplace of Champions.''
I thank the members of the Ohio National Guard Company B, 3rd

Battalion, 238th Aviation Regiment for their collaboration, bravery,

and service in the aftermath of this hurricane, and for dedicating

their lives each and every day to protect our community and country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: BILL RIDLER

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Bill Ridler as one of our district's

distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the

people and places they serve.
They are the foundation upon which our

communities stand--the ones who lift others up, inspire hope, and in

doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
Bill has embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely capture.
Bill's journey has been one full of challenges: Bill has tuberous

sclerosis, a disease that causes tumors to form all over the body,

reduced his one working kidney to functioning at 15 percent, causes

seizures due to the tumors on his brain, high blood pressure from the

ones growing in his kidneys, and on top of that chemotherapy treatment

has caused him to be immunosuppressed.
Yet, despite these hardships,

Bill is the embodiment of joy, compassion, optimism, and resilience.
Since the age of six, Bill has competed in the Special Olympics and

worked tirelessly to raise awareness about the impact of the games

while serving as a beacon of inspiration for those facing similar

challenges.
Remarkably Bill gives away his hard-earned medals to other

athletes, advocates, and community members to inspire them, motivate

them, and bring joy to them when they need it most.
Bill's efforts

earned him the prestigious Sheetz Family Award of Excellence for his

resilience and dedication--an honor bestowed upon the Special Olympics

athlete whose determination and efforts demonstrate the power of the

human spirit to overcome obstacles and inspire greatness.
Bill is a testament to the impact of positivity and a reminder that

even in the face of immense challenges, we have the power to rise,

inspire, and make a difference.
Today, we honor Bill Ridler not just

for his remarkable deeds but for who he is--a true hero in every sense

of the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Bill Ridler for his extraordinary service.