From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: JOSEPH D'EMIDIO

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Joseph

D'Emidio, one of our district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Joseph D'Emidio has embodied this spirit in

ways that words can scarcely capture.
Over the last century, Joe has demonstrated the selfless service,

dedication, integrity, and patriotism that have defined the greatest

generation.
As the world plunged into war, at just nineteen years old,

Joe answered the call of duty, enlisted in the U.S. Navy, and soon

found himself on the shores of England, preparing for one of the most

pivotal moments in history: the D-Day invasion.
His role aboard an LST,

landing on the shores of Normandy, helped turn the tide in favor of the

Allied forces and secure the freedom we cherish today.
But his

extraordinary service did not stop there; Joe went on to play a

critical role in supporting the Allied forces during the Battle of the

Bulge, standing firm in the face of overwhelming adversity.
Following the war, Joe returned home to his beloved Bristol Borough

community, where he continued to seek ways to serve and make a

difference.
As a founding member of the Third District Volunteer Fire

Company (and their very first Captain), Joe helped establish a legacy

of protection and care that still serves Bristol today.
He also founded

Cameo Kitchens, a successful family-run business on Mill Street for

decades, thereby shaping the future of Bristol's thriving small

business community.
In addition, Joe has been an integral member of the

Bristol Borough Lions Club for over fifty years, where he has served

his community with the same passion and spirit with which he defended

our Nation and freedom.
At 100 years old, Joe continues to serve as an inspiration to us all.
Whether woodworking at the Bristol Borough Senior Citizen Center or

serving as a communicant at St. Ann's Catholic Church, he is a reminder

that true greatness lies in selflessness, service, and love for family,

faith, community, and country.
Today, we honor Joseph D'Emidio not just

for his remarkable deeds, but for who he is--a true hero, in every

sense of the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Joseph D'Emidio for his extraordinary service.
I

ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual,

whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to

come.
May his example remind us of the boundless potential within each

of us to make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RIVER HILLS AND LAKE WYLIE LIONS CLUB

HON.
RALPH NORMAN

Mr. NORMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the River Hills

and Lake Wylie Lions Club for its continued record of service to the

5th District of South Carolina, and to congratulate the club for their

celebration of their 50th anniversary.
The River Hills and Lake Wylie Lions Club was chartered in 1975 and

since its inception, has been a force in the Lake Wylie and Clover

communities as the largest and most effective Lions Club in the state

of South Carolina.
The club's 142 members have raised over $200,000

annually.