Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor and celebrate

Mr. William Robertson Wainwright of Salisbury, Maryland as he

approaches his 100th birthday on November 21st.
Born in 1924, Mr. Wainwright honorably served in the United States

Army during World War II from 1943 until 1946.
It is a distinct privilege to recognize Mr. Wainwright on his

upcoming 100th birthday and celebrate this wonderful milestone.
On

behalf of Maryland's First Congressional District, I wish Mr.

Wainwright a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GIRL SCOUTS OF NYPENN PATHWAYS ON THE 12TH ANNUAL

INTERNATIONAL DAY OF THE GIRL

HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Aarohi Rastogi, Mia Enders, and Rayna Reed, three Girl Scouts from Girl

Scouts of NYPENN Pathways, for demonstrating extraordinary leadership

at the 11th Annual Girls Speak Out in commemoration of International

Day of the Girl on October 11, 2024, at the United Nations (UN)

Headquarters in New York, NY.
International Day of the Girl is an annual and internationally

recognized observance on October 11 which acknowledges the importance,

power, and potential of adolescent girls.
This year's theme, `Girls'

vision for the future', conveys the need for urgent action and

persistent hope, driven by the power of girls' voices and vision for

the future.
With the right support, resources and opportunities, the

potential of the world's more than 1.1 billion girls is limitless.
And

when girls lead, the impact is immediate and wide reaching: families

and communities are all stronger, our future brighter.
Co-hosted by the Permanent Missions of Canada, Peru, and Turkey, UN

Women, UNICEF, and UNFPA, the 11th Annual Girls Speak Out for

International Day of the Girl Child called for a push for

accountability for girls' rights and investment in girls' leadership

and vision for their futures.
This year's Girls' Speak Out at UNHQ

provided an opportunity for girls to hold direct dialogue with Member

States and UN Agencies through a girl-led town hall discussion,

followed by a Girls' Action conference, hosted by girls, for girls.
Aarohi, Mia, and Rayna were selected to not only participate as Girl

Activists but also as moderators for the town hall to engage with

policymakers and emphasize the importance of girls in bringing change

to their peers and communities, and facilitators for the Girls' Action

conference learning labs.
In their roles as Girl Activists, Aarohi and Rayna shared the work

they have done in pursuit of the prestigious Gold Award, the highest

award in Girl Scouting.
For Aarohi, the Gold Award is an opportunity to create and deliver a

comprehensive mental health education program for 7th-12th grade

students in India.
Inspired by her family members and peers in India,

Aarohi collaborated with NGOs and mental health experts from around the

world to create a curriculum covering topics such as stigma, stress and

anxiety, depression, and suicide prevention.
For Rayna, the Gold Award is an opportunity to establish a peer

mentoring program with three of her friends, including Mia, and her

school's Assistant Principal to mitigate learning loss and the effects

of the COVID-19 Pandemic.
With the launch of the Middle School Mentor

Program, Rayna and her peers seek to build community and increase

access to free tutoring and mentorship programs at their school.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of New York's 22nd Congressional

District, I thank these three outstanding young women for their

leadership and wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OHIO NATIONAL GUARD COMPANY B, 3rd BATTALION, 238th

AVIATION REGIMENT BEING NAMED OHIO'S 13th DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Ohio National

Guard Company B, 3rd Battalion, 238th Aviation Regiment from Green as

Ohio's 13th Congressional District Champion of the Week.