BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Joseph A. Fluehr III, one of our

district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades, but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon our communities stand--the ones who lift others up,

inspire hope, and, in

doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
Joe has embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely capture.
For over five decades, Joe has been a cornerstone of our community.
As a respected funeral director and a relentless advocate for local

veterans, he has been a beacon of light, a guardian of dignity, and a

true pillar of support for those who have served our Nation.
Joe's

commitment to our community began when he and his wife, Christine,

opened the Joseph A Fluehr III Funeral Home in Richboro in 1976.
From

the outset, their funeral home was more than a place of professional

care; it became a sanctuary where families found genuine compassion and

solace during their most challenging times.
Joe's impact on our community extends far beyond his professional

life, and his leadership has had a transformative impact on several

community institutions and organizations.
For over a decade, Joe served

on the Board of Trustees for St. Mary Medical Center, leading as

Chairman for nine of those years.
Under his stewardship, St. Mary's

grew into a regional hub of care, expanding its footprint, staffing,

and services to become a Level II Trauma Center.
In addition, Joe

serves our community as a member of the Northampton Township Volunteer

Fire Department, Tri-Hampton Rescue Squad Advisory Board, the Council

Rock Kiwanis Invitational, Northampton Township Historical Society, and

Northampton Township Business and Professional Association, where he

received the recognition of ``Businessman of the Year''--a truly

fitting honor for someone who has done so much for our community.
Yet, perhaps Joe's most profound impact has been his unwavering

advocacy for our community's veterans.
From his pivotal role in

establishing the Washington Crossing National Cemetery to his quiet

acts of generosity personally providing urns, nameplates, and even

services for our unclaimed veterans, Joe's profound contributions have

ensured that the service and sacrifices of our hero veterans are

honored, celebrated, and remembered for generations to come.
Joe's life is a shining example of what it means to serve others with

humility and grace, consistently putting others before himself.
Through

kindness, compassion, and unwavering commitment to serving others, Joe

has shown us all what it means to live a life of purpose, to give

without expecting anything in return, and to leave the world better

than we found it.
Today, we honor Joseph A. Fluehr, III not just for

his remarkable deeds but for who he is--a true hero in every sense of

the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Joseph A. Fluehr, III for his extraordinary

service.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional

individual, whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire

generations to come.
May his example remind us of the boundless

potential within each of us to make our communities, country, and world

a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: JOSEPH D'EMIDIO

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.