This disease is now witnessing its first generation of adults,

an incredible milestone, considering that the original designation of

Spina Bifida as a childhood condition meant that the vast majority did

not experience life beyond youth.
We have taken tremendous steps forward in recent years due to

dedicated medical research, but there is so much we still don't know.
Unfortunately, funding for Spina Bifida is limited.
The only place in

the Federal Government that is specifically studying this complex

condition for children and adults is the Spina Bifida Program at the

National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities at the

CDC through the National Spina Bifida Patient Registry and the Spina

Bifida Collaborative Care Network.
People with Spina Bifida deserve no less than the rest of us as we

age.
We must ensure that adults with Spina Bifida can receive high-

quality medical care and that researchers have the funds necessary to

continue the development of treatments for spina bifida.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING ERNEST WADE BALLOU FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing

Ernest Wade Ballou on his retirement as House Legislative Counsel,

after over forty years of service to the House of Representatives.
Wade joined the Office of Legislative Counsel after earning his J.D.

from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1983.
Throughout his

tenure Wade has provided nonpartisan, expert support to members of

Congress, committees, and staff on matters related to foreign affairs,

Native American issues, federal land, intelligence, veterans' affairs,

federal tax law, public debt, health care, Social Security, and more.
I

am pleased to have worked with Wade in his capacity supporting the

Committee on House Administration.
Since 2016, Wade has served as the House Legislative Counsel, leading

the office and managing a committed team of legislative experts to

provide the House with impartial and confidential drafting and

counseling services for bills, amendments, resolutions, and laws.
Wade

has also been a key partner on the Congressional Data Task Force, a

group united in their efforts to modernize and improve data

accessibility for the public.
He played a critical role in developing

the Comparative Print Suite tool for Members and staff and has worked

closely with the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress, as

well as the Subcommittee on Modernization, to implement innovative

ideas and recommendations that will help Congress work better for the

American people.
Wade's many accomplishments were recently recognized

by the Congressional Management Foundation's Democracy Award for

Lifetime Achievement.
Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention

that before going to law school and joining the Office of Legislative

Counsel, Wade was a fire fighter, an experience that likely prepared

him well for a career in the House.
Wade began his career serving under the fourth House Legislative

Counsel and now he leaves as the eighth House Legislative Counsel.
His

expertise and dedication to helping us turn our policy ideas into

concise legislative text will be sorely missed.
On behalf of my

colleagues and the entire House community, I thank him for his

leadership and longstanding commitment to serving the People's House.