Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF VICTOR MONACELLI; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
160

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF VICTOR MONACELLI

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to wish a happy 100th birthday to Mr.

Victor Monacelli of Ridgecrest, California, a veteran of the Second

World War and a soon-to-be great-great-grandfather.
Born in Humphrey, Washington, to Tom Monacelli and Myrtle Winsor

Monacelli on November 16, 1924, Victor was raised with his brothers

Cecil, Leroy, and Thomas Monacelli.
At age seventeen, Victor was one of

the many brave young men who, along with his brother, Thomas,

volunteered for service in World War II just after his graduation from

Ellensburg High School.
With his enlistment in the U.S. Navy on October

27, 1942, Victor would soon find himself stationed in the South

Pacific's New Hebrides Islands where he supported the Guadalcanal

Campaign for 19 months.
During his time stationed in what he recalls as

a ``tropical paradise,'' enemy aircraft launched waves of attacks

against Victor's position.
Auguring well for his posterity, he was

never once injured in these airstrikes.
After roughly two years serving

our country through some of its greatest naval operations, Victor would

finally return to the United States.
On his birthday in 1944, he

managed to cross the International Date Line while being transported

stateside to San Francisco, granting Victor and his friends one

additional day to celebrate his twentieth birthday.
Following a brief posting in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1947, Victor

was transferred to the Naval facility in Lakehurst, New Jersey, where

he attended flight school and completed his first parachute jump on

August 2, 1947.
Through this training, he became certified as a

Parachute Rigger, safely packing and repacking parachutes for airborne

personnel.
It was near the facility there in Lakehurst, New Jersey that

Victor met his first wife Jeanne.
In 1949, he was transferred to Naval

Auxiliary Air Station Charlestown in South Carolina, where for six

months, he was stationed on the nation's longest-serving aircraft

carrier in American history--the U.S.S. Midway.
Returning to the Pacific once again with the U.S. Navy, Victor served

in Hawaii from 1950 to 1958, serving in the Korean War through the

training and instruction of airborne personnel in the use of aviation

survival equipment.
Witnesses described him as instrumental in

establishing the survival school at Naval Air Station Barber's Point

where he continued to safely pack and inspect parachutes and survival

equipment as well as airborne personnel.
His final assignment in the

U.S. Navy saw him move to New Iberia, Louisiana, where he met his

second wife Mary, and retired from active duty by joining the Fleet

Reserve in 1961.
Victor retired from the Navy on November 1, 1971,

achieving the rank of E7 Petty Officer after nearly 30 years of service

to the United States.
Victor moved to La Verne, California in 1974, where he owned a gas

station and later worked as a travel agent.
He soon fell in love with

California's beauty, next moving to Bakersfield, Lake Isabella, and

finally to Ridgecrest.
These days, Victor enjoys spending quiet time at

home with his wife Juliette and spending time with his two sons, David

and Victor Jay, daughter Lorri, six grandchildren, nine great-

grandchildren, and soon his first great-great-grandchild.
In 2022,

Victor was one of two living World War II veterans in Ridgecrest who

were both honored and presented with certificates of appreciation for

their service to the country.
Mr. Speaker, from our nation's Capitol, and on behalf of a most

grateful Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating 100

years of Victor Monacelli's incredible life.
His patriotism and pursuit

dedication to defending our warrior is another symbol of this legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CONSECRATION OF DR.
PAUL L. BINION II TO THE OFFICE OF

BISHOP

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.