Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the River Hills

and Lake Wylie Lions Club for its continued record of service to the

5th District of South Carolina, and to congratulate the club for their

celebration of their 50th anniversary.
The River Hills and Lake Wylie Lions Club was chartered in 1975 and

since its inception, has been a force in the Lake Wylie and Clover

communities as the largest and most effective Lions Club in the state

of South Carolina.
The club's 142 members have raised over $200,000

annually.
Each year, the entire amount raised goes directly to support

over 20 charities and services.
The Lions Club has created several of their own projects and

organizations that focus on supporting and serving South Carolina.
The

River Hills, Lake Wylie Community Foundation was established by the

Lions to receive funds and distribute the proceeds to charities in

tandem with the organization's goals and with the needs of the

community.
The foundation's motto is ``For Good.
For Others.
For Ever''

and that sentiment can be felt in the impact of this program throughout

South Carolina.
The Lions Club also created a partnership with Clover Schools that

led to the establishment of Roaring Readers, which provides books for

elementary school classrooms, helped start the Roaring Eagle Newspaper,

and donates annual scholarships for Clover High School seniors.
In

addition, the club supports the youth throughout York County and Clover

through Kidsight, an eyesight program that screens over 13,000 annually

and helps pay for new glasses, eye surgeries, and hearing aids as

needed.
The motto of the Lions Club is ``we serve.''
The River Hills and Lake

Wylie chapter carries out this mission daily and their impact can be

seen and felt throughout our great state.
Each of the people that make

up this great organization lead with honor, joy, and compassion.
They

are the people who help make our Nation the greatest in the world.
The

Lions Club members willingly give up their time, tithe, and talent and

live out the South Carolina motto, ``While I Breathe, I Hope.''
Please

join me in expressing my heartfelt gratitude for all of their great

work and celebrating 50 years of exemplary service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPINA BIFIDA AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Spina Bifida

Awareness Month to pay tribute to the numerous individuals and their

families across our country living with this condition.
Spina Bifida is a condition I am very familiar with.
My sister and my

niece both suffer from spina bifida.
I know how it can impact a family.
Spina Bifida is the nation's most common permanently disabling birth

defect-compatible with life.
Spina Bifida stems from a hole in the

spinal cord, a condition known as a neural tube defect, as the spinal

column fails to close properly during development in the womb, and it

impacts virtually every major organ system.
Children born with Spina

Bifida typically undergo dozens of surgeries before they become adults.
Adults living with Spina Bifida face myriad physical health, mental

health, and other challenges, such as unemployment and limited access

to quality primary and specialty care.
There are currently an estimated 166,000 individuals in the United

States living with Spina Bifida, approximately 65 percent of whom are

adults.
This disease is now witnessing its first generation of adults,

an incredible milestone, considering that the original designation of

Spina Bifida as a childhood condition meant that the vast majority did

not experience life beyond youth.
We have taken tremendous steps forward in recent years due to

dedicated medical research, but there is so much we still don't know.
Unfortunately, funding for Spina Bifida is limited.