Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have this opportunity to join the many family, friends, and community members who will gather this evening in extending my heartfelt congratulations to New Haven legend, Carl John McManus, as he marks his retirement from Phil's Barber Shop, ending his sixty-year career as a barber.
Carl began his career as a barber in his hometown of Hopkinton, Massachusetts, the path to his calling, and a unique story.
While working at a local grocery store, Carl befriended the butcher who liked to play the horses at Suffolk Downs.
Carl used to take his choices to the local bookmaker, you guessed it, the town barber.
He found himself drawn to the friendly atmosphere and what he has described as the ``kibitzing'' between the barber and his customers.
He soon found himself a student at the Massachusetts School of Barbering in Boston, the first stepping stone of what would become an illustrious career path.
Following his parents and siblings, Carl moved to New Haven and soon found himself a home at Phil's Barber Shop.
Over the course of his sixty-year career, he has met a multitude of people, from the Presidents of Yale University to future Presidents of the United States, and famous actors to local theater favorites.
But the most important connection he made was that to an older barber in town who worked at the Graduate Club.
Carl had noticed a photo of the barber's daughter and when he expressed an interest in meeting her, the barber arranged a date, despite her slight hesitation.
In the end, Carl and the barber's daughter, Ethel, were married for nearly fifty years before her passing just two years ago.
Carl did not just give a shave and a haircut; he helped people to find themselves.
Today, as he celebrates his retirement, Carl can be proud of the legacy he leaves.
When you sat in his chair, you became more than a client, you became a friend.
And while he will most certainly be missed by many, I am honored to join his daughter, Rose and granddaughter, Autumn, as well as all of those who will gather this evening in wishing him the very best as he begins this new life chapter.
I congratulate him on his retirement.