Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chad Allan Blomgren, who passed on July 9, 2025, at the age of 56.
Mr. Blomgren was a distinguished U.S. Army veteran, a Senior Director at Gilead Sciences, and a tireless advocate for veterans through his volunteer work with Dream Foundation.
Chad's life was a powerful reflection of his family's legacy of service to his country, his community, and his fellow veterans.
Raised in the Hills-Beaver Creek community of Minnesota, he excelled in high school both academically and athletically.
These formative years helped shape the competitive spirit that remained central to who he was.
After graduation, Chad enlisted in the Minnesota Army National Guard.
Shortly thereafter, he met the love of his life, Debbie, and they married in 1990.
He went on to earn his degree from Mankato State University the following year.
Chad honorably served in the U.S. Army, joining a long family tradition of service that includes his father, three brothers, niece, son, and dozens of relatives.
After his military service, he embarked on a successful professional career spanning over a decade at Gilead Sciences as Senior Director.
For the past five years, he co-led the Gilead Veterans Engagement Team (GVET), supporting more than 500 employees aligned around the mantra, ``Serving Those Who've Served.''
In June 2023, Chad was appointed to the Board of Directors of Dream Foundation, the only national organization dedicated to granting final wishes to terminally ill adults.
He served on its Dreams for Veterans Advisory Council since its inception in 2021 and actively participated in fulfilling dreams for veterans, visiting at least four recipients in person to deliver those special moments of hope and closure.
As he shared, ``Providing a positive impact for those in the final stages of their lives means everything to me.''
It was a cause he embraced both personally and professionally, bringing compassion, leadership, and a fighter's perspective to the foundation's mission.
Chad's life embodies the highest ideals of leadership and service.
Whether in uniform, guiding colleagues in industry, or comforting veterans through Dream Foundation, he lived a life of purpose and generosity.
His family and colleagues remember him as fun, smart, full of laughter, and always ready with a helping hand.