He and his wife

Jean have been happily married for 16 years, in the company of his

children Jason and Kelly and stepdaughter Katie.
Sergeant Paul R. Daw's life of service and bravery is truly

admirable.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, it is my honor to

recognize the remarkable life of Sergeant Paul R. Daw.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO JEFF WILLIAMS

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, Jeff Williams.
In 2012, Jeff founded Taste Project, an

organization that provides meals in Fort Worth to those in need.
Jeff

knew what food scarcity felt like growing up in a family of 4 where

both of his parents worked hard to keep food on the table even though

money was tight.
When he was younger, his parents would sometimes skip

meals to make sure him and his sister had dinner.
Jeff's upbringing

gave him the idea to create a place where members of the community

could go to always get an affordable meal.
In 2017, the Taste Project

opened a pay-what-you-can community restaurant in Fort Worth, the Taste

Community Restaurant, where diners can pay as little as a penny for a

meal.
Beyond the restaurant, the Taste Project empowers and provides

hope to North Texans through culinary classes, job training programs,

and even a community garden that helps teach people gardening skills.
In the last 6 years, Jeff and Taste Community Restaurant have helped

more than 150,000 people and are currently serving more than 1,000

people a week.
Jeff and his team work hard every day to make sure they

help as many people as possible.
I'd like to thank Jeff for his

dedication to serving the people and families of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO, THE COPPELL FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, the Coppell Fire Department.
Due to a power failure at

the Village Parkway Pump Station earlier this year, the City of Coppell

announced a Boil Water Notice and requested that residents and

businesses only use water in emergency situations.
The Coppell Fire

Department's Emergency Management and Public Works team leapt into

action and helped restore power to the water pump, all during a brutal

Texas heatwave.
The department offered multi-faceted assistance, from

staffing the Emergency Operations Center, providing heat rehab support

at the distribution point, transporting water from local vendors to the

public library, on top of the normal daily operational items.
I'd like

to thank the Coppell Fire Department for their quick response and

service to the residents of Texas-24 by helping make Coppell's water

safe to drink again.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF MAJOR LATERRIOUS ``TONY'' STARKS

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

service of Major Laterrious ``Tony'' Starks, who served as a

legislative liaison for the U.S. House of Representatives with profound

duty, leadership, and commitment from January 2021 to August 2023.
Major Starks served as a defense fellow for my office, and, as a

legislative liaison, his interpersonal skills built countless

relationships throughout Headquarters, Department of the Army, and

Capitol Hill.
These relationships enabled him to communicate the Army's

narrative and facilitate senior leader engagements.
In addition to the

duties as a legislative

liaison, Major Starks expertly balanced a collateral duty as the White

House Social Aide Senior Program Manager.
His professionalism has

resulted in strategic success across the Executive Branch.
Due to his

exceptional efforts, he was selected to lead over 100 White House

events, to include two Medal of Honor Ceremonies and three State

Visits.