Upon his honorable discharge, Willis returned to Michigan where he

and his best friend from the Army set out to use their skills and

talents to build a life not just for themselves but for others, a plan

that came together as Flositz and Rockwood Quality Home Builders.
This

successful construction company flourished for decades, and in 1949,

the foundation of Willis' own family was installed when he married

Marion Elizabeth Storing.
They spent 65 wonderful years together until

her passing in 2015, and their love expanded many times over with the

additions of 3 children, 3 grandchildren, and 4 great-grandchildren.
Willis Rockwood built his post-Army life in the Lansing, Michigan,

area, where he has devoted himself to many organizations and community

groups, including the American Legion Post No.
238, the Church of the

Nazarene where he taught Sunday School, and his neighborhood watch,

where he is known for generously shoveling driveways and sidewalks

throughout the community.
He is a man of many hobbies and talents,

including wood carving, flying his plane, and bowling.
And in the large

and loving family he established, Willis is beloved as the historical

archivist and storyteller, with a zest for life and a laugh that echoes

across multiple generations.
Mr. Speaker, Willis Rockwood is a man who has spent his long and

fruitful life deeply devoted to his family, his friends, his country,

and his faith.
Those who know and love him fondly refer to him as their

``National Treasure,'' and I assert that he is just that.
On the

occasion of his 100th birthday, I salute his life of service, and want

to reflect our community, our state, and our Nation's gratitude for all

he has contributed and constructed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF SSGT.
DARREN JAMES BRETON

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of the life of

Staff Sgt.
Darren James ``DJ'' Breton, who has recently passed away at

age 32, and to honor his service to the Nation.
Born in Wiesbaden, Germany, DJ embarked on a remarkable journey that

took him across the globe and led him to proudly serve his country

through his role as a crew chief in the United States Air Force.
His passion for sports, particularly hockey, became the heartbeat of

his life.
DJ generously shared his love for the game by dedicating his

time to the Youth Hockey League, where he not only nurtured young

talents but also found immense joy.
To both the youths he mentored and

the family he deeply cherished, DJ brought a lighthearted sense of

humor and an essence of selflessness, dependability, and respect for

others.
DJ will be remembered for his legacy of service, care, and joy.
He is

survived by his loving father Dennis; his devoted mother, Kimberly; and

his 2 adoring sisters, Cassandra and Hanna.
DJ was, and is, well-loved

and highly respected amongst his family and community, and his memory

will not soon be forgotten.
I pray that his loved ones may be comforted as they mourn his loss.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in honoring the life and legacy of

Staff Sgt.
Darren James Breton.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
CLARENCE B. JONES

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate the 60th

anniversary of the historic ``I Have a Dream'' speech delivered by the

Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., I rise to honor not only the

transformative impact of this iconic address but also to recognize the

significant contribution of Dr. Clarence B. Jones to its creation.
Furthermore, it is imperative that we acknowledge the instrumental role

that the vibrant Bronx neighborhood of Riverdale played in the enduring

legacy of this momentous event.