In addition to the

duties as a legislative

liaison, Major Starks expertly balanced a collateral duty as the White

House Social Aide Senior Program Manager.
His professionalism has

resulted in strategic success across the Executive Branch.
Due to his

exceptional efforts, he was selected to lead over 100 White House

events, to include two Medal of Honor Ceremonies and three State

Visits.
In addition to his military-based contributions to our great nation,

which have included service in many parts of the United States as well

as in other countries, to include Germany and Korea, Major Starks is

well-versed educationally, having invested himself in various levels of

university programs.
Major Starks's education includes studying at

George Washington University, pursuing a master's degree in Legislative

Affairs, from 2020 to 2021; studying at the University of North

Carolina at Chapel Hill as a Strategic Studies Fellow, in 2019;

studying at Abilene Christian University, pursuing a doctorate's degree

in Education, from 2018 to 2021; and studying at Stephen F. Austin

State University, pursuing an undergraduate degree in Political Science

and Government, from 2006 to 2010.
He is currently a doctoral

candidate.
Major Starks is an outstanding individual who has already served his

country in many ways, and it is my honor to esteem him today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PAMELA ROSS

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the legacy of a Livingston

County, Michigan woman whose life, though cut tragically short, was a

testament to kindness, inclusivity, and tolerance.
Pamela Ann Ross of

Brighton never sought attention, never wanted credit for the light she

spread so generously everywhere she went.
But as those who love her

grapple with her loss, we must lift up her life as an example of what

it really means to live in community.
Pam loved her state and the people in it.
A proud graduate of Milford

High School, she traveled right down the road to attend Michigan State

University, leaving the state only briefly to pursue a Master's degree

in teaching from Arizona State University.
Pam brought those skills and

talents back home, seeking to help set students up for success as

citizens of the world and inspire in them a drive to do well and

succeed in life.
To this day, she is remembered as a beloved and

inspirational second grade teacher who wanted nothing more than to see

her students reach their full potential.
As she built her family, first with husband Stan and later with their

2 sons, Jackson and Nicholas, and 2 canine ``children,'' Luna and

Bella, Pam made the decision to devote herself fully to the homefront.
But she never stepped back from her mission to be of service to others,

nor did she ever stop seeing the very best in people.
Pam was a

steadfast volunteer in her children's classrooms, with Boy Scouts, and

with numerous community organizations, including Habitat for Humanity

where she served on the board of directors for many years.
Pam was also a fierce advocate for equality, and a firm believer that

every child and every person in the community deserves love,

acceptance, and respect just as they are.
She was particularly

passionate about vulnerable populations, speaking out in her firm but

loving way at school board meetings and organizing events in support of

LGBTQ+ and minority students, as well as those with disabilities.
But it was Pam's quiet life of service that her friends and family

remember most: the way holiday and birthday gifts would appear on the

porches of neighborhood children whose parents were going through tough

times, or the gift cards those same parents would find under their

doormats, the backpacks she stuffed full of school supplies for kids

who might otherwise go without, the meal deliveries that just showed up

for families in need.
Pam never attached her name to those gifts.