JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Judge Vernon

Smith, who passed away at the age of 79 on July 29, 2023.
Vernon served

as a respected jurist and community leader throughout his professional

career.
Vernon was born on December 7, 1943 in San Francisco, and moved to

Sleepy Hollow in Marin County as a teenager.
He attended Sir Francis

Drake High School in San Anselmo, and then completed both undergraduate

studies and law school at the University of San Francisco, finishing

his studies in 1968.
With a focus on public service, Vernon began his

law career at the Marin County District Attorney's Office in 1969.
Vernon served as a prosecutor in the District Attorney's Office for

five years before joining the Novato law firm Trumbull, Rush & Smith,

where he would gain experience with both criminal and civil cases.
During his tenure with private practice, he continued to build his

reputation as a caring and competent member of the legal profession.
Vernon returned to public service in 1982, when he was selected as a

Marin County court commissioner.
After 5 years as commissioner, Vernon was elected to the Municipal

Court as a judge.
He was instrumental in the court consolidation

process, and Vernon went on to serve as the first presiding judge of

the newly consolidated Marin County Superior Court.
As he rose in

seniority, Vernon would serve as supervising judge for the civil,

probate, juvenile, family law, and criminal divisions.
His impeccable

standing with the community led him to continued electoral success.
He

retired in 2007 after serving 25 years on the bench.
Vernon enjoyed more time with his family after retiring, but he also

stayed engaged in his professional community.
He served as a mediator

with Resolution Remedies, a Sausalito-based legal dispute mediation

service, and taught legal courses at the College of Marin and Dominican

University of California in San Rafael.
Vernon is survived by his wife of 52 years, Linda, his sons Brent and

Ryan, daughter Claire, and 4 grandchildren.
While he will be greatly

missed, Vernon's legacy will live on through the positive impact he had

on his community and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you join me in extending

condolences to Vernon's family and friends, and in expressing my

appreciation for his decades of work for the public good and for

sharing his life experiences with us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIS JAMES ROCKWOOD ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a local hero who bravely

served and defended our Nation overseas, then returned home to build a

thriving life and business back in Michigan.
As Willis James Rockwood

celebrates his 100th birthday, I pay tribute to his extraordinary life

of service and dedication to his country, his family, and his

community.
Willis Rockwood was born on August 26, 1923 in Long Rapids, Michigan.
He enlisted in the United States Army where he proudly served as an

infantryman and squad leader during World War II.
His service took him

across the world and back, fighting with and for our allies in the

European and Pacific theaters.
Willis' exemplary service earned him

multiple awards and commendations, including a Good Conduct Medal and a

letter of recognition from President Harry S. Truman.
Upon his honorable discharge, Willis returned to Michigan where he

and his best friend from the Army set out to use their skills and

talents to build a life not just for themselves but for others, a plan

that came together as Flositz and Rockwood Quality Home Builders.
This

successful construction company flourished for decades, and in 1949,

the foundation of Willis' own family was installed when he married

Marion Elizabeth Storing.
They spent 65 wonderful years together until

her passing in 2015, and their love expanded many times over with the

additions of 3 children, 3 grandchildren, and 4 great-grandchildren.