Title: HONORING DR.
WILLIAM BOONE UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM CLARK ATLANTA UNIVERSITY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
139

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
WILLIAM BOONE UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM CLARK ATLANTA

UNIVERSITY

HON.
NIKEMA WILLIAMS

Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Dr.

William H. Boone on his retirement from the illustrious Atlanta-based

HBCU Clark Atlanta University, his appointment as Professor Emeritus,

and thank him for his impact on the people of Georgia's Fighting Fifth

District.
Called the ``Dean of Atlanta City Politics,'' Dr. Boone has spent the

last 40 years researching, advising, and commentating on Atlanta

political life and Black political power across the South.
He earned

the respect of his peers and colleagues, serving as Assistant Provost,

Dean of Graduate Studies, and the Chair of the Political Science

Department at Clark Atlanta University as well as a president of the

National Conference of Black Political Science.
Dr. Boone's talent as an educator is evident by the students he has

produced.
The people of Atlanta, of Georgia, and of the South have

greatly benefited from the thoughtful, critical, and thorough analysis

and scholarship Dr. Boone and his students have produced and will

continue to produce for decades.
As we all know, Atlanta Influences

Everything, especially Black political power.
Dr. Boone's focus on

Black politics has improved our understanding of our own community and

America's understanding of the cultural and political factors that

inform and shape our present.
Dr. Boone takes his role as a leader in Black intellectual thought

seriously.
He always aims to be unapologetic when looking at the Black

experience in this country, and to critically examine how the American

experience affects Black people.
And he always makes sure to connect

training and education to activism; to fighting for our community.
Congratulations to the Dean of Atlanta City Politics, Dr. William

Boone.
The people of Georgia's 5th Congressional District have learned

so much from him for the last 40 years, and we will continue to learn

from him and those lucky enough to learn from him, for decades more to

come.
I hope he enjoys his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SERGEANT PAUL R. DAW

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service

of Sergeant Paul R. Daw, a Vietnam War veteran and upstanding

constituent of New York's 21st District.
Paul was raised in Long Island, New York.
After graduating high

school, he joined the United States Army, serving for 2 years in the

Vietnam War from July 1969 to May 1971.
Sergeant Daw was stationed in

Vietnam as an Eleven-Bravo infantryman alongside his fellow men with

the 1st Cavalry Division, Ranger Company A.

For his service, Sergeant Daw was highly decorated.
Upon his

honorable discharge in 1971, Sergeant Daw earned a Bronze Star with 2

oak leaf clusters, a Purple Heart with an oak leaf cluster, the Vietnam

Service Medal, the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Combat

Infantry Badge, the Army Accommodation Medal for Valor, and the Good

Conduct Medal.
After returning home to Long Island from Vietnam, Sergeant Daw joined

the New York Police Department, where he served for 21 and a half years

as an officer of the law.
Off the force, Sergeant Daw also supported

his community as a volunteer firefighter until his retirement from the

NYPD in 2003, at which time he moved upstate to the North Country.
In his retirement, Sergeant Daw has taken time to focus on his family

life.
He and his wife

Jean have been happily married for 16 years, in the company of his

children Jason and Kelly and stepdaughter Katie.
Sergeant Paul R. Daw's life of service and bravery is truly

admirable.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, it is my honor to

recognize the remarkable life of Sergeant Paul R. Daw.