She was particularly

passionate about vulnerable populations, speaking out in her firm but

loving way at school board meetings and organizing events in support of

LGBTQ+ and minority students, as well as those with disabilities.
But it was Pam's quiet life of service that her friends and family

remember most: the way holiday and birthday gifts would appear on the

porches of neighborhood children whose parents were going through tough

times, or the gift cards those same parents would find under their

doormats, the backpacks she stuffed full of school supplies for kids

who might otherwise go without, the meal deliveries that just showed up

for families in need.
Pam never attached her name to those gifts.
But

everyone knew where they came from--and the love behind them.
Mr. Speaker, in this world there are those who dream of a better

world and those who actively work to make it so, and Pam was the rare

blend of both.
In Pam's world, neighbors looked after each other no

matter what, and strangers were merely friends she had yet to meet.
Her

unexpected passing leaves a deep void in the hearts and lives of so

many, and I send my deepest condolences to her family, friends, and all

who knew and loved her.
May her memory live on in every step we

actively take toward a kinder, more inclusive community.
Everyone was

welcome in Pam's heart and in her home, so it is fitting that her

legacy will forever be remembered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CRAIG ALLEN KEITH

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my friend,

Craig Allen Keith, who passed away at Parkview Regional Medical Center

in Fort Wayne, Indiana, on August 14, 2023.
Craig was born in Van Wert, Ohio on May 31, 1976.
He was a 1994

graduate of Crestview High School in Convoy, Ohio, and earned his

bachelor's degree in business administration from Indiana Wesleyan

University in 2003.
A consummate professional in domestic and

international travel for 20 years, Craig served as Senior Commercial

Account Project Manager at SIRVA BGRS Worldwide, Inc.

Craig attended Abundant Life Church for 30 years and held several

leadership positions.
He loved his church unconditionally and served

the Lord with gladness all his days.
Craig loved entertaining and spending time with his friends and

family.
While grilling and smoking meats or baking his (in)famous

chocolate chip cookies, he would tell jokes and fill the air with his

full, boisterous laughter.
Craig was an avid traveler who loved

learning the history of the many destinations he visited.
He sang

loudly, off key, and with all his heart, in church and to the gospel

music he loved so much.
Craig will be immensely missed and forever loved by all.
He was

preceded in death by his maternal and paternal grandparents.
He is

survived by his children, Gentry and Pierson Keith; mother, Sheila

(Vince) Stone of Columbia City, IN; father, Leroy (Karen) Keith of St.

Marys, OH; brother, Adam (Azeesat) Keith of Boston, MA; a stepsister,

Tonya Kessler; a godson, Ethan Brownlee of Noblesville, IN; and a host

of other relatives and close friends.
In the wake of his passing, I wish Craig's family peace, comfort, and

joy in knowing he lived a happy and fulfilled life.
Though he is no

longer with us, his spirit lives on in the minds and souls of those

whom he knew and loved most.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE VERNON SMITH

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Judge Vernon

Smith, who passed away at the age of 79 on July 29, 2023.
Vernon served

as a respected jurist and community leader throughout his professional

career.