Through her tireless efforts and unwavering passion, Stella Jimenez

stood as a beacon of inspiration, leaving an enduring and profound

impact on the communities she served.
Her legacy continues to inspire

others to strive for positive change and to make a difference in the

world around them.
I look forward to seeing what Stella Jimenez does next and know that

she will continue to inspire those around her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE EXTRAORDINARY HEROISM OF TIMBERLINE LODGE EMPLOYEES AND

FIRST RESPONDERS

HON.
EARL BLUMENAUER

Mr. BLUMENAUER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the extraordinary

heroism displayed by Timberline Lodge employees and first responders

from Hoodland Fire, Clackamas Fire, Estacada Fire, Portland Fire,

Gresham Fire and the United States Forest Service.
In the middle of the night on April 18, 2024, a fire was detected in

the attic of the historic Timberline Lodge on Oregon's iconic Mount

Hood.
Lodge staff jumped into action with fire extinguishers and safely

evacuated guests who were staying at the Lodge, many of whom were

roused from their sleep to be escorted out.
Fire crews from around the

mountain arrived in record time to battle the blaze and protect

Timberline Lodge, a national historic treasure.
Constructed in 1937, Timberline Lodge stands on the south slope of

Mount Hood at an elevation of 6,000 feet.
Iconic and awe-inspiring in

its architecture and design, it is a tribute to the rugged spirit of

the Pacific Northwest.
The Lodge was declared a National Historic

Landmark in 1977 and is one of Oregon's most popular tourist

attractions, drawing nearly two million visitors every year.
The quick thinking, bravery, and exemplary effort by both staff and

first responders ensured that fire damage was limited to the attic and

that all the guests made it out safely with no injuries reported.
To

think, we could've lost this national treasure if it wasn't for the

courageous actions of a few brave souls.
I am forever grateful for

their response.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FREDRICK TIDWELL

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Fredrick Tidwell.
Fredrick ``Fred'' Tidwell hails from Grenada, Mississippi, where he

was born to Tinal Lott Rias and Fredrick Tidwell, Sr.
Fred graduated

from Grenada High School in 2018, where he distinguished himself as the

Vice President of the Class of 2018.
Deeply rooted in his community, Fred is an active member of Mt. Olive

Pentecostal Holiness Church, where he serves as one of the youth

leaders, demonstrating his commitment to both faith and leadership.
Continuing his education journey, Fred attended Northwest Community

College, earning an associate of arts degree in 2020.
He then pursued

his passion for social work at the University of Mississippi,

graduating with a Bachelor of Applied Science.
Currently, Fred achieved

another milestone by receiving his master's degree in higher education

administration.
Driven by his aspirations, Fred envisions a future where he plays a

significant role in higher education, aspiring to become Vice President

of a Historically Black College or University.
With his dedication,

leadership skills, and academic achievements, Fred is headed to make a

lasting impact in his community and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr.

Frederick Tidwell for his dedication and tenacity to serving his

community and desire to be an example for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN L. BARNES

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

trailblazer in the realm of education and civil rights, John L. Barnes.
A native of Charleston, MS, John grew up about 10 miles north of

Charleston and attended Sherman Creek Elementary School.
He was also

the valedictorian of his 1964 graduating class at Allen-Carver High

School.