Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms.

Linda Keys for her service to the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF COACH DOUG BLEVINS

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Coach

Doug Blevins, who passed away on March 9th, at the age of 60.
Coach Blevins was born with cerebral palsy.
While his condition

confined him to a wheelchair for his life, he was not deterred in

pursuing a career in the sport of football.
As a student at Abingdon High School, Mr. Blevins served as a student

assistant coach, specializing in the kicking game.
He would continue

his education at Virginia Highlands Community College, University of

Tennessee, and Emory & Henry University seeking more student coaching

opportunities.
Coach Blevins would stay close to home, starting his own

consulting firm and assisting prospective kicking talents at summer

camps, clinics and more.
In 1994, Coach Blevins was hired to be a consultant for the New York

Jets.
He would go on to coach for several years in the National

Football League, working for the Miami Dolphins and NFL Hall of Fame

Coach Jimmy Johnson, New England Patriots and Minnesota Vikings.
From

1995 to 2000, he served as kicking coordinator for the NFL Europe

League.
He earned the remarkable achievement of becoming the NFL's

first-ever disabled coach.
Mr. Blevins' success as a coach caught the attention of many talented

kickers dreaming of playing in the NFL.
Modern-day kicking legends,

Adam Vinatieri and Justin Tucker, are just two of 26 current and former

NFL kickers and punters who were trained and mentored by Coach Blevins.
Coach Blevins' years of hard work and tutoring prompted a significant

recognition from the NFL community: his nomination to the NFL Pro

Football Hall of Fame.
Perhaps, someday he will be inducted.
Most recently, he served as the kicking specialist at East Tennessee

State University (ETSU), his alma mater, and as a volunteer assistant

on the football staff at Science Hill High School.
Coach Blevins' inspirational journey from Southwest Virginia to the

NFL, and his contributions to the sport of football, will not be

forgotten--along with his kindness and compassion for others.
Despite

his lifelong disability, Coach Blevins followed his dreams of coaching

football and helped scores of young football players develop and

succeed in the sport.
May his legacy live on.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF CHARLES BENJAMIN BAYSE

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Charles Benjamin

``Ben'' Bayse and his 43 years of dedication to serving this country.
Ben served as a Navy pilot in the United States Pacific Fleet during

World War II and in the Korean War.
For his time and service during World War II, Ben was awarded

multiple medals including the World War II Medal and a Good Conduct

Medal.
In 1949, he was one of the first Navy Pilots to land a jet on a

carrier.
He did this in a Grumann F9F Panther Jet Fighter during the

earliest stages of catapult take-off and landing operations.
As a

reservist, he served as a Consulting Engineer and Maintenance Officer.
He retired from the Navy on his 60th birthday in 1987 at the rank of

Captain.
In addition to his service in the Navy, Ben dedicated is life to

improve the United States education system.
Mr. Bayse earned a Ph.D. in

Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, to which he then served 37 years as

an engineering professor in higher education.
He wrote two books

regarding his time in the military and education system and the values

that should be upheld in these great American institutions.
Ben Bayse was the embodiment of American ideals and exemplified at an

extraordinary level what it means to be an American.