APRIL 3 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the United States European Command and United States Africa Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SVC-217.
SD-G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Scott Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management, and Eric Matthew Ueland, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office SD-342 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Paul Atkins, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Jonathan Gould, of Virginia, to be Comptroller of the Currency, and Luke Pettit, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of the Treasury, and Marcus Molinaro, of New York, to be Federal Transit Administrator, Department.
SD-538 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 527, to require the Federal Trade Commission to study the role of intermediaries in the pharmaceutical supply chain and provide Congress with appropriate policy recommendations, S. 1040, to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to prohibit product hopping, S. 1041, to amend title 35, United States Code, to address the infringement of patents that claim biological products, S. 1097, to amend title 35, United States Code, to establish an interagency task force between the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the Food and Drug Administration for purposes of sharing information and providing technical assistance with respect to patents, S. 1095, to enable the Federal Trade Commission to deter filing of sham citizen petitions to cover an attempt to interfere with approval of a competing generic drug or biosimilar, to foster competition, and facilitate the efficient review of petitions filed in good faith to raise legitimate public health concerns, and S. 1096, to prohibit brand name drug companies from compensating generic drug companies to delay the entry of a generic drug into the market, and to prohibit biological product manufacturers from compensating biosimilar and interchangeable companies to delay the entry of biosimilar biological products and interchangeable biological products, and the nomination of Patrick David Davis, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department.
SH-216 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending nominations.
S-116