Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions of Commander Christian Woodside, United States Navy, during his service as a legislative fellow in my Washington, D.C. office this year.
Throughout 2023, Christian has played a critical role in supporting my work on the House Armed Services Committee and representing the proud Navy community in eastern Connecticut.
As Ranking Member of the House Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, which has the solemn, critical duty of overseeing much of our nation's Navy, Marine Corps, and various Air Force programs and policies, his perspective was essential to me and my office.
Year in, and year out, the Department of Defense's legislative fellowship program brings highly talented officers to Capitol Hill who provide invaluable benefits to Members of the House and Senate and the defense committees.
Officers, like Christian, bring real-world experience from their time in the classroom at the various academies and experiences from their time serving on active duty.
This year, as our subcommittee actively worked to shape our nation's critical shipbuilding programs, shipbuilding industrial base development, and Navy and Marine Corps readiness through the Fiscal Year 2024 National Defense Authorization Act, Christian provided exquisite judgement in navigating the landscape of crafting such a large and critical piece of legislation.
Christian has also seized initiative in a variety of areas beyond naval affairs that benefit eastern Connecticut.
He worked tirelessly to provide insight into our Navy's planned shipbuilding programs, visited with leadership at Naval Submarine New London to discuss ongoing installation operations, and focused on submarine industrial base issues crucial to sustaining the Navy's fleet.
He also used his recent shore assignment as a resource sponsor at the Surface Directorates as the SSDS and Enterprise Test and Evaluation Officer for N96 to provide invaluable insight on the Navy's budget process throughout this calendar year.
Lastly, he engaged in persistent communication with the embassies of Australia and the United Kingdom to facilitate various engagements in my office and around Capitol Hill and, most importantly, leveraged those relationships as the Congress considered legislative proposals to execute the trilateral AUKUS security agreement.
Christian's work ethic, diligence, intelligence, and first-hand experience as a Surface Warfare Officer made an immediate benefit and memorable impact on my office and subcommittee staff.
He was also an energetic, affable colleague to my entire congressional staff, willing to help in small ways and big ways to serve the constituents of Connecticut's 2nd Congressional District.
His sense of humor and thoughtful comments on issues outside of his Navy portfolio were much appreciated by the whole team, and they will be friends for life.
After traveling across the world with tenures on the USS Doyle (FFG 39) and USS Stout (DDG 55), and numerous shore assignments including

Integrated Undersea Surveillance System (IUSS) qualification at Whibdey Island in the state of Washington, I am thankful for his family's tremendous sacrifice to our nation and for landing in the District of Columbia for the current phase of their life.
Though Christian's presence will be deeply missed by both my personal staff and Seapower staff, I know full-well that he will make his presence known as he heads to Naval Education and Training Command to serve as Executive Officer aboard USS Mahan (DDG 72).
Mr. Speaker, as has also been the case for each of his predecessors that my office has had the opportunity to host, I have benefitted greatly from Christian's training and background.
This recurring process that the fellowship program fosters, strengthens civilian- military understanding for future leaders of the greatest military in the world, which I believe is a necessary component of a strong democracy.
Our Nation is best served at sea and here onshore by officers and leaders of the highest caliber, like Christian.
He embodies such qualities and has a promising career ahead in continued service to our nation, and we owe him such gratitude.