This bill hurts the National Institutes of Health by cutting $2.8

billion from their topline budget, which will stymy medical innovation.
It makes a $139 million cut to the National Institute of Mental Health

at a time when our country is facing a mental health crisis.
The bill

also contains major cuts to the National Cancer Institute, hurting our

research and treatment capabilities for those with cancer here in

America and around the world.
Unsurprisingly, this bill also takes aim at women's health by cutting

programs that support maternal and child health, eliminating programs

that provide access to health services and contraception, and adding

numerous poison pill riders that further strip a women's right to make

medical decisions about her own

body with her doctor.
H.R. 5894 prohibits funding to Planned

Parenthood, eliminates funding for Title X Family Planning, and makes a

$35 million cut to the Maternal and Child Health Block Grant.
Supporting our children and families is the bare minimum of what our

government should do for its people.
This bill fails at every level to

do so.
Instead of reevaluating their extreme funding bills and working

together with Democrats to create legislation that will improve

American lives, House Republicans are distracted by their own chaos and

are intent on placating the most extreme in their caucus.
For these

reasons and more, I must oppose H.R. 5894 and I urge my colleagues to

do the same.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE HEROICS OF RICHARD FIERRO AND THOMAS JAMES

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, November 19, 2023 marks the one year

anniversary of a violent attack in Colorado Springs killing five people

and injuring 22 others.
I would like to once again extend my prayers of

peace and healing for the families and victims.
During the incident,

two heroes took action that night to prevent further harm and should be

honored for their heroic acts.
Richard Fierro and Thomas James stepped up at their own peril to save

lives and protect others.
The two heroes worked together to stop the

gunman and remove the firearm from him, Mr. James even incurred

injuries when a bullet was fired into his abdomen.
Because of the

decisive, quick, and selfless action of these two men, more lives were

not taken by the attacker.
This is the true spirit of selflessness and

duty that we are privileged to experience so commonly in Colorado

Springs.
Information Technician 2nd Class Thomas James was awarded the Navy

and Marine Corps Medal, the highest non-combat decoration the Navy can

award for heroism.
Richard Fierro, a retired Army Major, received the Lifesaving

Military Hero of The Year Award from the American Red Cross.
May we all remember their actions to save the lives of others and

thank them for their service to our Nation and community on the

anniversary of this terrible event.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF WYNONA LIPMAN

HON.
DONALD M. PAYNE, JR.
Mr. PAYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor a great

trailblazer from my district, Wynona Lipman, on what would have been

her 100th birthday.
Born in 1923, Mrs. Lipman was the first African-

American woman to be elected to the New Jersey State Senate when she

won her seat in 1971.
She served the 29th Legislative District for 27

years, the Senate's longest-serving member at the time of her death in

1999.
Before she was a political trailblazer, Mrs. Lipman was a teacher.
She taught French at Morehouse College and tutored a famous civil

rights advocate, Martin Luther King, Jr. She left that position to

pursue a Ph.D. degree at Columbia University.
During her time at

Columbia, Mrs. Lipman earned a Fulbright fellowship to study at the

Sorbonne in Paris for two years.