DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Porterville

Elks Lodge on their 100-year anniversary and thank them for their

significant contributions to the Porterville community.
The Porterville

Elks Lodge was established in 1923 on Porterville's Main Street.
For more than a century, the lodge has served as a meeting place for

residents of the community and the home of the Porterville Elks Lodge

Club.
The club's unwavering commitment to public service and the

Porterville community has guided its mission since the lodge's

founding.
Today, the club has 149 members, all of whom dedicate their

time to giving back to and investing in the local community.
The club

is passionate about the well-being of Porterville's residents and

focuses many of their efforts on helping children and veterans

Last year, the club raised more than $32,000 for the Purple Pig Major

Project--the second-largest contribution from the California delegation

of clubs.
The project's funds are used to support disabled youth with

the medical treatments and therapies they need to thrive.
Through their

affiliation with the Elks National Foundation, the Porterville Elks

Lodge Club has also awarded students throughout the community with

scholarships to support their academic goals and connected veterans and

servicemembers with rehabilitation services.
During the recent flooding in California, the Porterville Elks Lodge

Club worked with the Central California Family Crisis Center and

Parenting Network to donate jackets, baby formula, and other items to

residents in need.
Their efforts were critical in helping families in

my district recover from the devastating storms.
The club's

longstanding history of service is ingrained in the fabric of the

Porterville community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating the Porterville Elks Lodge on

their 100-year anniversary.
Their work to enrich the community of

Porterville will be felt for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SAVING NEMO ACT

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my House colleagues to

join in protecting our world's fragile coral reef ecosystems by

restricting international imports of protected ornamental reef fish and

coral species collected by destructive and unsustainable practices.
Our oceans are indispensable to life on our planet, not only to our

global environment but to the billions that are directly or indirectly

reliant on its resources.
Our oceans in turn rely on the health and

diversity of our coral reefs, some of our most diverse ecosystems, with

nearly 25 percent of the ocean's fish dependent on coral reefs for

shelter, food and reproduction.
And our coral reefs are interdependent

with healthy, diverse and sustainable marine flora and fauna.
Among these are prized ornamental reef fish and coral species highly

valued by collectors.
While it is possible to collect them at

sustainable levels which do not harm the coral reef or broader marine

ecosystem, high demand leads too often to unsustainable and destructive

collection practices such as overcollection of species overall,

overcollection of younger specimens, collection through reef-dredging,

gill nets, explosives or poison, and harm to specimens leading to

excessive deaths in transit.
Most of the collection occurs

internationally where most of our world's coral reefs are found, in

countries, such as in Southeast Asia, which do not have strong

regulation or enforcement regimens against unsustainable or destructive

practices.
As the largest importer of ornamental reef fish, our country has both

responsibility for creating the demand that leads to such practices,

and the opportunity to channel that demand to sustainable collection.
The Saving Natural Ecosystems and Marine Organisms Act would do so by

prohibiting the import into our country of protected reef species taken

using unsustainable or destructive practices.
The enforcement mechanism

would be administrative certification, in conjunction with cooperating

collecting countries where possible, that ornamental reef fish and

species to be imported into our country were collected without

following those practices.