Title: DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
191

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND

RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5894,

the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies

Appropriations Act.
The bill before us today is unprecedented in many

unfortunate ways.
This bill makes devastating cuts across some of our

most vital government agencies; it decimates education spending,

abandons low-income workers and college students, stifles medical

innovation, and harms women's health.
This bill was pulled from consideration on the House Floor because

Republicans do not have the support within their own Conference to pass

this legislation.
It is another example in a long line of

Appropriations failures by House Republican leadership, where there has

been no effort to find middle ground and find a bipartisan path

forward.
Let me begin with House Republicans' unilateral decision to skip the

full committee markup for this bill and for the Commerce, Justice,

Science Appropriations Act.
House Democrats were denied the opportunity

to debate, amend, and mark up H.R. 5894 in committee.
This bill is so

deeply unpopular that Republican appropriators did not want to go on

the record in committee in support of its deep cuts to our nation's

education, workforce development, and public health funding.
Not only have House Republicans deviated from the longstanding

committee process, but they have taken the unheard-of step of adding

partisan riders to the bill and report in advance of consideration on

the House Floor.
Democratic appropriators had no say in their

inclusion--in fact, we only saw these changes once they had been made

public.
The report is not amendable on the House Floor, so there was no

recourse in challenging any of these new alterations beyond demanding

they be removed in the conference process with the Senate.
Now let's talk about some of the policy decisions within H.R. 5894,

starting with the astounding 28 percent cut to the Department of

Education.
This bill decimates support for children in K-12 elementary

schools and early childhood education; including an 80 percent cut to

Title I that is meant to help the most vulnerable students and school

districts in our country.
I have heard from my constituents--teachers, principals,

paraprofessionals, parents, and students--that we are facing a crisis

in our classrooms.
This bill does not address the teacher shortage or

the extensive learning loss occurring in our schools post-COVID; and

this bill does not help make college more affordable.
Instead, this bill makes devastating cuts to the bedrock of American

education, leaves our teachers out in the cold without sufficient

resources, and eliminates opportunities for students to access need-

based financial aid for their postsecondary education.
This bill also

eliminates all funding to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting,

including their educational programming for young children, Ready To

Learn.
In addition to education spending cuts, House Republicans have also

taken aim at workforce development.
This bill eliminates funding for

the Federal Work Study, Youth Job Training, and Adult Job Training

programs, effectively denying job and employment training services to

420,000 Americans who face barriers to finding a good-paying job.
House

Republicans also cut $313 million from worker protection agencies like

OSHA, putting hardworking Americans at risk at home in Minnesota and

across the country.
This bill hurts the National Institutes of Health by cutting $2.8

billion from their topline budget, which will stymy medical innovation.
It makes a $139 million cut to the National Institute of Mental Health

at a time when our country is facing a mental health crisis.
The bill

also contains major cuts to the National Cancer Institute, hurting our

research and treatment capabilities for those with cancer here in

America and around the world.