Not only did the

company break ground on numerous homes, churches, and well-known

Lansing-area buildings, Lonnie broke barriers by becoming one of the

first Black contractors in the region.
Over the years he also built a large and loving family, raising six

sons, three daughters, and ten grandchildren, and prided himself on

passing the trade to younger generations.
Today, the construction

company continues with his son Michael at the helm.
In addition,

Michael shares his father's lessons with the community through his non-

profit, which teaches construction skills to young people in an effort

to provide a meaningful path for the future that can help turn the tide

of violence in the Lansing area.
A man of profound faith, Lonnie was deeply involved with Mt. Zion All

Nations Church, where his 69 years of devotion earned him the title of

longest-serving member.
During that time, he held various other titles,

including Chairman of the Board, Deacon, Vice-Chair of the Executive

Council, Elder, and choir member.
He mentored hundreds of young people

over the years, and was known as a spiritual father to many.
In everything he did, Lonnie McKissic used his hands, his heart, and

his life to build up the community.
Brick by brick, word by word,

lesson by lesson, he laid out a blueprint for what it means to be a

servant leader, and constructed his life on a bedrock of faith, family,

and hard work.
I send my condolences to his family, and ask that we now

dedicate ourselves to building upon his memory, which will live on in

Lansing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF JOHN BRANDON, PRESIDENT AND EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR OF THE MARION COUNTY COMMISSION ON YOUTH

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of John Brandon,

President and Executive Director of the Marion County Commission on

Youth (MCCOY), who will enter his retirement at the end of this year.
For 45 years, John has dedicated his life to youth development,

leading positive changes in local programs and agencies and at larger

city, state, and national systemic levels.
As an adjunct professor at

the undergraduate and graduate levels, an agency director focused on

increased opportunities for young people, and a trainer and facilitator

for youth workers' continued education John has nurtured Indianapolis'

young people in countless ways.
John's legacy is one of advocacy and empowerment.
He has been

instrumental in guiding projects and initiatives aimed at the

development of our youth, including a city-wide youth employment

effort, developing more support and services for unhoused youth, and

reforming our child welfare system to be more family-focused.
Under

John's leadership, MCCOY has been an instrumental partner in my yearly

Youth Opportunities Fair, which connects young people to employment,

internships, and other programs during the summer months.
His

passionate belief that young people must be part of the systems that

impact them is evidenced through youth participation on MCCOY's board

and the agency's facilitation of the Mayor's Youth Council.
Active in his community, John has served on numerous community-based

nonprofit boards, including the Martin Luther King Jr. Multiservice

Center, the Indiana Afterschool Network, and the Hawthorn Community

Center.
At a national level, John dedicated a decade to the Partnership

for America's Children's board of directors.
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring John Brandon as he

enters this new chapter filled with cycling, reading, and family.
We

celebrate his legacy of outstanding accomplishments as we continue to

ensure a brighter future for our nation's youth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TIERRA DEL SOL HOUSING CORPORATION ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
GABE VASQUEZ

Mr. VASQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Tierra del Sol

Housing Corporation and commemorate their 50th anniversary.