Before she was a political trailblazer, Mrs. Lipman was a teacher.
She taught French at Morehouse College and tutored a famous civil

rights advocate, Martin Luther King, Jr. She left that position to

pursue a Ph.D. degree at Columbia University.
During her time at

Columbia, Mrs. Lipman earned a Fulbright fellowship to study at the

Sorbonne in Paris for two years.
When she returned, Mrs. Lipman

finished her Ph.D. degree and eventually moved to Montclair, New

Jersey, where she became an associate professor at Essex County

College.
In Montclair, Mrs. Lipman became active in local politics.
In 1968,

she won her first election to become an Essex County Board of Chosen

Freeholder, where she became President of the Board in 1971.
Then Mrs.

Lipman ran for the New Jersey State Senate and defeated Republican

Senator Milton Waldor by less than 1,000 votes out of 170,000 cast.
During her 27 years in the State Senate, Mrs. Lipman was often the only

woman serving there and worked diligently to protect the LGBTQ+

community and children on the Governor's Advisory Council on AIDS and

Task Force on Child Abuse and Neglect.
Mrs. Lipman's tireless efforts to serve her district earned her

induction into the New Jersey's ``Women's Hall of Fame'' in 1998.
Today, her legacy is supported throughout the area.
There is the Wynona

Lipman Ethnic Studies Center at Kean University, the Wynona Lipman

Chairholder at the Center for American Women in Politics and Rutgers

University, the Wynona Lipman Child Advocacy Center (known as Wynona's

House) for abused children in Newark, and the future Wynona Lipman

Courthouse in Essex County.
Next week, there will be an exhibit titled

``Stronger than Steel: The Wynona Lipman Story'' at the New Jersey

Historical Society.
join me in celebrating her life of public service and her legacy in New

Jersey politics.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LONNIE MCKISSIC, SR.
HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr Speaker, today I pay tribute to the life of a mid-

Michigan icon who was a builder in every sense of the word.
Lonnie

McKissic, Sr.
passed away on November 3, 2023, but the legacy he worked

so hard to construct in his 88 years on this planet--physically,

emotionally, and spiritually--lives on in this community and in the

many lives he touched.
Lonnie was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi, in 1935, the son of

Robert and Myrtle McKissic, and his early years were by no means easy.
His father passed away when he was just a toddler, and Lonnie was only

able to attend school through the third grade.
Though still a child, he

was sent to work in the cotton fields, and later at a mill yard, to

help support the family.
He was just 16 years old when he married the

love of his life, Odell, and shortly after the two made the move north

to Lansing, Michigan.
When Lonnie picked up his first construction job at age 18 in

Lansing, he likely didn't know he was laying the foundation for his

future.
After years of hard work and learning the ins and outs of the

industry, in 1969 he was ready to make a go on his own and launched the

family business: McKissic and Sons Construction.
Not only did the

company break ground on numerous homes, churches, and well-known

Lansing-area buildings, Lonnie broke barriers by becoming one of the

first Black contractors in the region.
Over the years he also built a large and loving family, raising six

sons, three daughters, and ten grandchildren, and prided himself on

passing the trade to younger generations.
Today, the construction

company continues with his son Michael at the helm.