Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate Hempfield Area School District

on this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 2023 BEST COMMUNITY FOR MUSIC EDUCATION RECIPIENT KISKI

AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Kiski Area

School District for being recognized by the National Association of

Music Merchants (NAMM) Foundation as one of the best communities for

music education in 2023.
The NAMM Foundation celebrates schools and school districts by

recognizing their ability

to train and educate the next generation of musicians, 830 school

districts, including Kiski Area School District, were recognized for

the outstanding efforts of their teachers, administrators, parents, and

students.
According to NAMM, over 3 million children did not have access to

proper music education in 2019.
Every student deserves a chance to

learn and develop their artistic capabilities, and Kiski Area School

District's continuous efforts undoubtedly help our children in

Southwest Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate Kiski Area School District on

this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 2023 BEST COMMUNITY FOR MUSIC EDUCATION RECIPIENT MOUNT

PLEASANT AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mount Pleasant

Area School District for being recognized by the National Association

of Music Merchants (NAMM) Foundation as one of the best communities for

music education in 2023.
The NAMM Foundation celebrates schools and school districts by

recognizing their ability to train and educate the next generation of

musicians.
830 school districts, including Mount Pleasant Area School

District, were recognized for the outstanding efforts of their

teachers, administrators, parents, and students.
According to NAMM, over 3 million children did not have access to

proper music education in 2019.
Every student deserves a chance to

learn and develop their artistic capabilities, and Mount Pleasant Area

School District's continuous efforts undoubtedly help our children in

Southwest Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate Mount Pleasant Area School

District on this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DAVID KLINE

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today the 12th Congressional District

recognizes David Kline for his outstanding contributions as the City of

Dearborn's Veteran of the Year.
Born and raised in Detroit, Mr. Kline enlisted in the United States

Army in 1966 after graduation from Detroit's Cody High School.
During

his ten years and eleven months of service, Mr. Kline earned many

commendations and certifications, including the Army Commendation

Medal, Presidential Citation, Unit Citation, the Vietnam Gallantry

Cross, Good Conduct, and the National Defense Service Medal.
After

serving in the army, Mr. Kline returned home to Michigan and began a

thriving career in construction.
An engaged member of the community, Mr. Kline remains active numerous

veterans' organizations in southeast Michigan, including Vietnam

Veterans of America Chapter 267 and American Legion Post 364.
He has

held multiple leadership positions at both organizations.
He is

passionate in his commitment to helping his fellow service members,

especially those in need, and works tirelessly to ensure they receive

the support and care they deserve.
Please join me in recognizing Mr. David Kline as he is honored as

Dearborn, Michigan's 2023 Veteran of the Year.
We are grateful for his

service and leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PORTERVILLE ELKS LODGE

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Porterville

Elks Lodge on their 100-year anniversary and thank them for their

significant contributions to the Porterville community.
The Porterville

Elks Lodge was established in 1923 on Porterville's Main Street.