In 2017, he became the

chapter's Commander and continues to hold that position today.
Under

his leadership, the post has become a profitable and active community

center with many veterans attending weekly events.
Similarly, he has

served both as the Western U.P. representative on the U.P. Veterans

Community Action Team and as Vice-Chairman of their Steering Committee

for the past 6 years.
Furthermore, Howard has been instrumental in

ensuring that veterans in the U.P. have access to sufficient medical

facilities and treatments.
As a volunteer for Disabled American

Veterans, he has logged over 10,000 hours transporting individuals to

doctor appointments and hospital visits.
Additionally, he works to

honor veterans across the Upper Peninsula, organizing events like an

annual veteran fishing day on a private and handicap-accessible pond.
Since retiring from the Air Force, Howard has spent years serving

veterans, and his efforts have provided a much-needed support for our

military heroes.
Outside of his work for veterans, Howard is an active and charitable

community member.
He has been responsible for planning and executing

Rockland community's annual Christmas gathering for the last 7 years.
Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, he ensured that every child received a

hand-delivered gift from Santa traveling atop a firetruck.
In addition,

he serves as a member of the Ottawa Lions Club, St. Paul Methodist

Church, U.P. Sport Fishing Association, and Rockland Volunteer Fire

Department.
As a Colonel, a veteran, a volunteer, and a Yooper, Howard

has consistently put the needs of others before his own.
Mr. Speaker, It is my honor to congratulate Howard Seid for his

decades of service to fellow Michigan veterans.
Michiganders can take

great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a selfless

and devoted individual.
On behalf of my constituents, I wish Howard all

the best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAMES A. PROVOST AS THE 2023 UPPER PENINSULA VETERAN OF THE

YEAR

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize James Provost

for being named the 2023 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year.
Through

his continued service, charitable nature, and strong leadership, James

has become an essential part of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
The U.P. Veteran of the Year is chosen annually by a selection

committee consisting of past commanders of various service

organizations throughout the peninsula.
It is given to recognize Yooper

veterans who go above and beyond in their service to their local

communities and fellow veterans.
None are more deserving of this honor

than James.
Prior to his work with veterans, James served in the United

States Marine Corps, where he was decorated with the Good Conduct

Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnamese Service Medal,

Vietnamese Campaign Medal, and two Republic of Vietnam Meritorious Unit

Citations.
His devotion to the people of his country and community has

not wavered since returning from military service.
It is impossible to fully list all the ways in which James works to

better the lives of U.P. veterans.
Since the organization's founding in

2014, he has been the Chairman of the Marquette County Veterans

Alliance.
Similarly, he has served on the Marquette County's Veterans

Affairs Committee for the past 9 years.
As a member of the committee,

he works on the veterans crisis team, finding resources and housing for

individuals in need.
Furthermore, James has played a pivotal role in

ensuring that veterans in the U.P. have consistent access to medical

services.
Through his fundraising efforts, he has helped the Disabled

American Veterans Chapter 22 Veteran Transportation Program to purchase

new vehicles and has personally logged thousands of hours transporting

veterans to doctor appointments and hospital visits.
Notably, in 2016

James was responsible for the AVTT Traveling Vietnam Wall's arrival in

Marquette.
He organized many commemorative veterans events to coincide

with the tribute.