The requirement that D.C. physically transmit legislation imposes

costs on the Council.
The Council engages in a 12-step process to

physically transmit legislation, including printing two copies of each

bill and committee report, arranging a time for delivery of these

documents to the offices of the Speaker and President of the Senate and

having two staffers drive to the Capitol to deliver the documents--two

are necessary because of parking restrictions.
The physical transmittal process also imposes costs on Congress.
The

following congressional offices and committees are involved in the

physical transmittal process: the offices of the Speaker and President

of the Senate, the House and Senate parliamentarians, the House Clerk,

the Senate Secretary, the House Committee on Oversight and

Accountability and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and

Governmental Affairs.
The aftermath of the January 6, 2021, attack on the Capitol

highlighted the burdens of physical transmittal.
After temporary

fencing was installed around the Capitol, D.C. employees could not

enter the Capitol.
This delayed transmittal of D.C. legislation until

Council and congressional staff developed a workaround, which consisted

of staff meeting outside the fencing to transmit legislation.
I recognize that Congress requires all so-called executive

communications, including D.C. legislation, to be physically

transmitted, but D.C. is the only entity required to transmit

legislation to Congress for a review period.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONSTITUTION DAY

HON.
JOHN JOYCE

Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Adam

Holliday Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, and thank

them for their work to preserve our Nations heritage, while educating

our next generation on the importance of upholding our constitutional

values.
As Constitution Day approaches, we remember the words of Benjamin

Franklin who was asked by a group of citizens as he exited the

Constitutional Convention what type of government had been created.
He replied: ``A republic, if you can keep it.''
Each day we strive to uphold the Republic that was created that day

in Philadelphia.
Both in the halls of Congress, and across the country we must remain

committed to protecting our constitutional rights that have helped us

to become the most prosperous Nation the world has ever known.
As we celebrate Constitution Day, we remember our founding fathers

and strive to uphold their legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HOWARD SEID FOR HIS EFFORTS TO BETTER THE LIVES OF VETERANS

ACROSS THE STATE OF MICHIGAN

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Howard Seid for

his numerous efforts to better the lives of veterans across Ontonagon

County and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Through his bountiful

service, charitable nature, and continued leadership, Howard has become

irreplaceable to the people of the great State of Michigan.
None are more deserving of recognition, as Howard has gone above and

beyond in his commitment to the local communities of Northern Michigan.
Prior to his work with veterans, Howard served in the United States Air

Force, where he held the roles of Trainer Pilot, Airlift Pilot, and

Wing Commander.
After 27 years, he retired at the rank of Colonel.
His

devotion to the people of his country and fellow servicemen remains

steadfast.
It is difficult to fully encapsulate all the ways in which Howard

works to better the lives of veterans.
Since 1992, he has been an

active member of The American Legion Post 92.
In 2017, he became the

chapter's Commander and continues to hold that position today.
Under

his leadership, the post has become a profitable and active community

center with many veterans attending weekly events.
Similarly, he has

served both as the Western U.P. representative on the U.P. Veterans

Community Action Team and as Vice-Chairman of their Steering Committee

for the past 6 years.