Through his fundraising efforts, he has helped the Disabled

American Veterans Chapter 22 Veteran Transportation Program to purchase

new vehicles and has personally logged thousands of hours transporting

veterans to doctor appointments and hospital visits.
Notably, in 2016

James was responsible for the AVTT Traveling Vietnam Wall's arrival in

Marquette.
He organized many commemorative veterans events to coincide

with the tribute.
Since returning from the Vietnam War, James has spent

years as an advocate for veterans, and the initiatives that he has

begun have created the infrastructure of support that our military

heroes need and deserve.
Outside of his work for veterans, James is an active community

member.
After providing the loan to start the Marquette County Youth

Football League in 1990, he became the league commissioner for the

following 20 years.
In addition, he coached Marquette Junior Hockey for

12 years, serving twice as Vice President.
Later, he founded the

Central Upper Peninsula Hockey League and served as both Marquette

Senior High School and Northern Michigan University's Goal Judge for

over two decades.
His contributions to his community have been

previously recognized by Senator Peters, Senator Stabenow, Governor

Whitmer, and myself.
Just last year, he was also honored as the 2022

Marquette County Veteran of the Year.
As a servicemember, a veteran, a

volunteer, and a Yooper, James has consistently put the needs of others

before his own.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate James A. Provost for his

decades of service to fellow Michigan veterans and for being named the

2023 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year.
Michiganders can take great

pride in knowing the First District is home to such a selfless and

devoted individual.
On behalf of my constituents, I wish James all the

best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 125 YEARS OF MONESSEN

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the city of

Monessen, Pennsylvania, in celebration of its 125th anniversary.
Prior to its founding, the area consisted of 8 farms.
However, Civil

War veteran James M. Schoonmaker and other great Americans, saw the

promise of an industrial city on the Monongahela River.
Thus,

Schoonmaker convinced famed industrialist William Donner to set up a

tin plate mill within the new community.
Thanks to the American Tin

Plate Company's success, the community grew rapidly, and the borough of

Monessen became incorporated on September 3, 1898.
Throughout the early 20th century, Monessen's community played active

roles in the suffrage and labor movements, events surrounding

Prohibition, and in the industrial efforts powering American operations

in World War I and World War II.
In 1921, the city also had a multitude

of nationalities and mirrored the ethnicities of the Pittsburgh region,

serving as a microcosm of America as a whole.
At its peak, the city's

population reached over 20,000 residents.
Today, the town is still an

important part of the southwestern Pennsylvania community.
Its

residents exemplify the values of hard work, dedication to one's

community, and good citizenship.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate the City of Monessen on its

125th anniversary and applaud their determination to build a better

community for themselves and their children.
I am confident that

Monessen's people will strive for and achieve an even more successful

next 125 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2023 GRADUATES OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE

DEPARTMENT HIGH SCHOOL FIREFIGHTER PROGRAM

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2023 graduating

class of Fairfax County High School Firefighter program.
In 2016, the

Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in partnership with Fairfax

County Public Schools created its High School Firefighter Program to

provide training to students who are considering a career as a

firefighter.