GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2023 graduating

class of Fairfax County High School Firefighter program.
In 2016, the

Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in partnership with Fairfax

County Public Schools created its High School Firefighter Program to

provide training to students who are considering a career as a

firefighter.
Students who participate in this program attend courses taught by

qualified instructors at the Fairfax County Fire Academy.
In fact, they

receive the same training as new professional and volunteer

firefighters.
The course is grueling but upon successful completion,

the students will earn a Virginia Certification as Firefighter I & II

and Hazardous Materials Awareness and Operations.
Should these students

decide to apply to the Fairfax County Fire Academy, this program will

make them competitive candidates and will have prepared them for

recruit school.
Fourteen seniors and one junior are graduating as the Class of 2023

School Firefighter Program.
It is my great honor to include in the

Record the names of the following graduates:

Sydney G. Bates; Braden A. Dasher; Callie J. Desrosier; Alec T.

DiLeonardo; Ian S. Dingman; Regan N. Kelley; Peter D. Mangone; Connor

J. Marshall; Casey W. Martin; Hunter J. Piotrowski; Eric S. Verrier.
Mr. Speaker, the Fairfax County Fire & Rescue Department is 1 of the

best fire departments in the country and in the world.
I commend the

department as well as the public school system for partnering in the

creation of this program.
I also applaud these young people for their

desire to learn more about the department and for their interest in

protecting our community.
Northern Virginia is fortunate to have such

dedicated young citizens.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

congratulating these students on their successful completion of their

program and in wishing them great success in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF HARVEY DOLEMAN, SR.
HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

life of Mr. Harvey Doleman, Sr.
Mr. Harvey Doleman, Sr.
is a native of

Anniston, AL.
He received his grammar school education at Central

Girard Elementary School, Phenix City, AL, and graduated from South

Girard High School in 1953.
He attended Chattahoochee Valley Community

College.
Upon graduating from high school, Mr. Doleman joined the United

States Army.
Mr. Doleman was assigned to U.S. Army Chemical Corps,

Senior Instructor Chemical School, at Ft.
McClellan, AL, where he

specialized in chemical warfare.
He also had overseas assignments

during his service including Korea 1956-1957, Germany 1963-1966, Korea

1967-1968 and Vietnam 1970-1971.
His final duty assignment and major

command was HHC, US Army School/Training Center, TRADOC.
He received recognition for his service including National Defense

Service Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster, Good Conduct Medal (Fourth Award),

Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (Korea), Vietnam Service Medal,

Vietnam Campaign Medal with Device, 2 Oversea Bars, Bronze Star Medal,

6 Service Awards, Stripes and Sharpshooter (Rifle M-14 & Rifle M-16).
After serving 20 years, 4 months, and 19 days in the Army, he retired

from active duty with an honorable discharge as Sergeant First Class on

February 28, 1974.
He worked a Civil Service job at the weapon pool at Ft.
McClellan, AL

after retiring from the Army.
Later he fully retired to enjoy life,

especially with his family.
His family is his pride and joy.
He has 5 children--Gwendolyn Carter,

Harvey Doleman, Jr., Phyllis Doleman Teague, Sharon Doleman and

Frederick Doleman.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Mr. Doleman for his service

to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO SETH SCOTT

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my departing Chief of

Staff, Seth Scott, for his years of service to the people of Arizona's

Fourth Congressional District.
It's a bittersweet day.