In the

spring of 1983, he was named supervisor of the department's marine

safety section.
He received numerous awards for his service including

the 1985 Employee of the Year and two Awards of Merit.
Tom temporarily

retired in 1999, before being elected as the 34th Sheriff of Grand

Traverse County in 2008.
He would go on to hold this position for 14

years, until announcing his upcoming retirement in September of 2023.
Additionally, he was an active member of the Sheriff's Office dive team

for 35 years.
Throughout his distinguished career, Sheriff Bensley prioritized his

community's safety and well-being above all else.
Tom's longtime

devotion to our country is commendable, and the

impact of his work on his fellow officers and the people of the Grand

Traverse County cannot be overstated.
We owe Tom our utmost gratitude

for his continued effort to better himself, his colleagues, and the

community he has served for the past 50 years.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Tom Bensley for his decades

County Sheriff's Department.
On behalf of Michigan's First District, I

extend my gratitude to Tom and his family and wish them the best in

their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELECTRONIC TRANSMITTAL OF

LEGISLATION ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to introduce the District of

Columbia Electronic Transmittal of Legislation Act, which would permit

the Chair of the Council of the District of Columbia to transmit

legislation to Congress in the form of the Chair's choosing, including

electronic form.
This bill would bring the congressional review process

for legislation enacted by D.C. into the electronic age.
Last Congress,

the Committee on Oversight and Reform passed this bill.
While I do not believe there should be a congressional review process

for D.C. legislation--and I have introduced a bill to eliminate the

review process--this bill would not change the review process, except

that it would give D.C. flexibility in the form it transmits

legislation to Congress.
This bill's only purpose is to reduce

administrative burdens on D.C. and Congress.
The D.C. Home Rule Act requires the Chair of the D.C. Council to

transmit legislation to

Congress for a review period.
The legislation takes effect upon the

expiration of the review period, unless a resolution of disapproval is

enacted into law during the review period.
The Home Rule Act is silent

on the form of transmittal, but Congress has always required the

legislation to be physically transmitted.
Electronic records are recognized as valid under Federal and State

law, and Federal, State and local governments conduct official business

electronically.
For example, under the Electronic Signatures in Global

and National Commerce Act, which was enacted into law more than 20

years ago, with respect to any interstate transaction in which the

parties consent, ``a signature, contract, or other record relating to

such transaction may not be denied legal effect, validity, or

enforceability solely because it is in electronic form.''
In 2002, the

E-Government Act, which facilitated the Federal Government providing

information and services to the public electronically, was enacted into

law.
Federal agencies transmit regulations and other documents to the

Federal Register electronically.
Congress is also capable of conducting

official business electronically.
For example, the House permits

Members, including acting through their staff, to introduce legislation

and submit statements into the Congressional Record electronically.
The requirement that D.C. physically transmit legislation imposes

costs on the Council.
The Council engages in a 12-step process to

physically transmit legislation, including printing two copies of each

bill and committee report, arranging a time for delivery of these

documents to the offices of the Speaker and President of the Senate and

having two staffers drive to the Capitol to deliver the documents--two

are necessary because of parking restrictions.
The physical transmittal process also imposes costs on Congress.