Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to present Linda Lewis-Everett with the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award for her service to the country, community, and the city.
Each month, my office recognizes women veterans who are often overlooked and underrepresented, especially women of color.
Inspired by its namesake, this award was created to highlight exemplary Hoosier women veterans whose service to their community and nation is unparalleled.
These women are inspirational and guided by a deep love for their fellow veterans.
Known to many for her commitment to assisting others, Linda's journey of service began at the young age of 22 when she enlisted in the United States Army, where she proudly served our country and achieved the rank.
Her training in the Army led to 22 years in the United States Postal Service, before she retired in 2013.
Linda has since continued to dedicate her life to the betterment of all Americans through her work and advocacy in justice, politics, and culture.
As one of the Top Ladies of Distinction, her work on health wellness initiatives such as the American Cancer Society and Senior Citizens Connect has furthered Indianapolis' goal of becoming a leader in the medical industry.
Combining her love for philanthropy with heritage, Linda is a steadfast and outspoken advocate for the Black community and women veterans.
Her volunteer work with the National Council of Negro Women, the Indiana Black Expo, as well as her organization Boundless Blessing, are a testament to her legacy of service and to her Ghanaian ancestry.
In 2019, Linda received the Author Academy Award for her best-selling book: ``I Still Hear the Drums.''
She continues to celebrate her love of community and culture through her church, food pantry, and the various civic and social organizations she supports.
Her kindness, compassion, and selflessness have cultivated a movement spreading positive lasting impacts for our community and beyond.
Especially as we celebrate National Volunteer Month this April, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Linda Lewis-Everett for her decades of continued service to Hoosiers and to our Nation.