to destroy those missiles whose locations are known.
Thus, the MMIII and the Sentinel create an extraordinarily dangerous situation.
In the event of a perceived attack, there would be immense pressure on the President to make the decision to launch within minutes or risk losing the missiles.
With all this in mind, why spend such a massive amount of money on a system that is so vulnerable and so extraordinarily dangerous?
In defense policy, nothing should be sacred or untouchable, and everything should require frequent re-evaluation.
So, let us not be afraid to ask yet another question: why a triad?
Strategy cannot afford to be stagnant.
It cannot afford to complacently accept the assumptions of the past.
We must ask why we need the ground leg of the Triad.
If the nuclear program is for deterrence, is the firepower of the submarines, airplanes, and their missiles sufficient to dissuade an adversary?
These systems have the benefit of stealth, and the President has the time to gather all information and then decide whether to use the nuclear response.
If that were not enough, we also have conventional weapons that can deter adversaries.
But even if we do retain each leg, we must reevaluate what's truly necessary within each.
We do not have infinite resources and must make difficult choices about where we allocate our national resources.
As we rethink whether we can achieve deterrence with different mixes, let's prioritize safety and effectiveness over fulfilling antiquated assumptions or requirements.
Remember, this is not just a matter of matching our capability to their capability.
This is about what will ensure our future survival.
Too often, debates on deterrence do not consider the rapidly changing security environment; cyber warfare, uncertainty, confusion, and misunderstanding could be greater risks than aggression.
We are heavily dependent on our space observation and communication systems, and now we know that space war is real and routinely discussed.
How do we weigh those risks when we decide to continue to keep 400 Sentinel or MMIII missiles, each prepared to kill millions, on constant alert, ready for immediate launch in just a few moments when there will certainly be chaos and uncertainty?
Surely, more destructive capability is not always better.
So why do we need so many?
Considering how many weapons will deter conflict is not just a military problem of tit-for-tat calculations.
What national victory could we, or just as important our adversaries, ever hope to achieve at the end of a nuclear war that inevitably kills hundreds of millions of people, including tens of millions of Americans, destroys entire cities, and endangers the environment of the planet?
As we think about deterrence in the modern era, it is clear from rising costs and the existential dangers that we cannot afford a new arms race.
Of course, we must grapple with hard questions about how to deter dangerous adversaries.
Still, we must answer an even harder question: how do we deter in a way that ensures there is a tomorrow worth protecting?
Must we continue a 50-year-old triad strategy without considering the alternatives?
Why, why are we stuck in a logic silo with the blast door closed?
I want to end this with a discussion I had with the captain of a United Kingdom nuclear-armed submarine.
After touring his ship, I stopped at the foot of the ladder to thank him for the discussion.
I said ``I appreciate the enormous responsibility and difficult task that you have.
If you receive a message to launch your missiles, and you do, what do you do next?
Go home?''
I'll never forget the look on his face.
I don't know if he had ever contemplated that question, but that's a question that we must all ask today.