Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Alain G. Fisher, the sixty-third Commander of the Watervliet Arsenal.
Alain Fisher selflessly served his country through years of distinguished service in our military, where he played a crucial role in defending our Nation and protecting our interests around the world.
Alain enrolled in the Army Reserve Officer Training Corps
Early Commissioning Program at Kemper Military Junior College where he was commissioned in 1998.
After graduating from the University of Central Florida in 2000 with a Bachelor of Science in Liberal Studies, he entered active duty as a Quartermaster Officer.
His first assignment was with the 725th Main Support Battalion, 25th Infantry Division, at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.
There he served as a Supply Platoon Leader, Battalion S1, and S4 until 2003.
Upon attending the Captain Logistics Career Course at Fort Lee, Virginia COL Fisher served with the 19th Theater Support Command G4 at Camp Henry in South Korea.
In 2005, he was reassigned to 7th Special Forces Group and served as a Support Operation Plans Officer during Operation Enduring Freedom in 2006.
COL Fisher commanded the Service Detachment in the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), deploying again in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in 2007 to Afghanistan.
He returned to the 7th Special Forces Group to serve as the Battalion Operations Officer until 2008.
COL Fisher was reassigned to the Commonwealth of Virginia, as the Quartermaster Captain's Assignments Officer and Future-Readiness Officer.
After attending the Air Force Command and Staff College at Maxwell Air Force Base, COL Fisher served with the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia as the 703rd Brigade Support Battalion's Executive Officer, Support Operations Officer, and the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team's S4.
Fisher was then assigned to the NATO Rapid Deployable Corps-Italy in Spoliate Olona, Italy, serving as the Corps Information Knowledge Management Officer.
He has served as the 63rd commander of the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet, New York since July 22, 2022.
For his distinguished and lengthy military service, COL Fisher was awarded the Bronze Star Medal (with two bronze oak leaf clusters), the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (with silver oak leaf cluster), the Army Commendation Medal (with two bronze oak leaf clusters), the Army Achievement medal (with three bronze oak leaf clusters), the Combat Action Badge, Air Assault Badge, and the Parachutist Badge.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to recognize Colonel Alain G. Fisher for his exceptional record of service to the United States, and I wish him continued success as he continues his military career at Fort Liberty in North Carolina.