Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harrison Freer, the Ward 2 Town of Queensbury Board Member, a retired Air Force Colonel and pilot, community activist, and avid environmentalist.
Harrison Freer was a community leader known for his dedication and commitment to each endeavor he undertook.
Harrison served in the United States Air Force for 24 years, retiring as a Colonel.
Following his distinguished military career, he began working for Northrop Grumman Integrated Systems in 2000 as a Systems Engineer and later served as the Director of Space and Intelligence Systems.
A passionate pilot, Harrison owned a Pipistrel Alpha Trainer and was a member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.
He was also active in the local chapter of the National Experimental Aircraft Association and the Glens Falls Pilot Club.
Harrison's passion for aviation extended beyond his personal interests, he worked with children at Warren County Airport through the Experimental Aircraft Association's (EAA) Young Eagles flying program where he inspired children's excitement about flying.
Additionally, Harrison played a crucial role in the EAA's scholarship program, increasing access to pilot training for many aspiring aviators.
Harrison's enthusiasm for teaching was evident in his work as an instructor where he was most proud to teach his granddaughter how to fly.
He was also an innovative advocate for electric planes pushing the boundaries of sustainable aviation technology.
Harrison had been on the Queensbury Town Board since 2020, and his contributions to his community and country are truly remarkable.
Harrison became the president of the Feeder Canal Alliance on July 1st preservation were always evident in his work.
Harrison Freer passed away on August 1st, leaving behind his wife Tricia along with a legacy of service, leadership, and passion for the skies.
His impact on his family, the community, and the field of aviation, will be felt for generations to come.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to recognize his extraordinary life.