Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to commemorate the 250th anniversary of the Township of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a modern metropolitan hub with roots in our Nation's Industrial Revolution.
I have always been proud of the heritage and history of the 8th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, which I have the privilege to represent, and the story of Wilkes-Barre Township is one I'm eager to share.
The Township of Wilkes-Barre, founded during America's Colonial Era, originally extended from the Susquehanna River to the Lehigh River.
The Native American inhabitants of the region sold to Connecticut settlers rolling hills with endless forests, valley-wide vistas, and pristine watersheds nestled between these two major waterways.
Officially incorporated in 1774, Wilkes-Barre Township was named for two courageous Englishmen, John Wilkes and Colonel Isaac Barre, who supported colonial America and fought for our country's independence while serving in the British Parliament.
The Township's role in the 19th Century Industrial Boom began in 1849, when Moses Tammany left the shores of his beloved Ireland for a better life that was promised in America.
Upon arrival in our region, Moses acquired most of the land that is now Wilkes-Barre Township for the sum of $12,000.
Not long thereafter, the largest anthracite coal fields in the United States were discovered nearby, with coal companies purchasing up major parcels of Tammany's land as it contained the finest and purest anthracite coal deposits in the world.
Between the late 1800's and early 1900's, hundreds of thousands of European immigrants flocked to Wilkes-Barre Township to work in the mines, transforming the Wyoming Valley from an isolated farming area to a major metropolis and fueling America's Industrial Revolution.
When coal mining waned in the 1930s, the region developed a highly diversified manufacturing economy that includes glass, boilers, toys, steel fabrications, airplane parts and electronics.
Today, Wilkes-Barre Township serves as a commercial destination for Northeastern Pennsylvania thanks to the addition of the Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza and several major shopping hubs, including the Arena Hub Plaza, Wilkes-Barre Township Commons, and the Wilkes-Barre Township Marketplace.
Throughout the past two-and-a-half centuries, the spirit of America has truly been portrayed in Wilkes-Barre Township and the heart of American history lies within.
I commend Mayor Carl Kuren and the citizens of Wilkes-Barre Township for their commitment and hard work in organizing a grand Semiquincentennial Celebration--250 years as a community and a township is certainly a cause for celebration.
I also congratulate Wilkes-Barre Township for withstanding the tests of time and for providing a welcoming community for friends, neighbors and visitors.
Therefore, 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I ask all Members of the House of Representatives to join me in paying tribute to WilkesBarre Township's 250th anniversary and wishing its residents many more years of good fortune.