Xiomara is famous in Los Angeles County for her work as a social

worker and protecting thousands of kids during her amazing career.
She grew up a child of immigrants from Nicaragua.
As a first

generation American whose first language was Spanish, Xiomara has

always understood the importance of inclusion, representation, and

protecting those without a voice.
She received her master's degree in social work from the University

County Department of Children and Family Services.
During her time posted with the Emergency Response Command, there

were many nights when she was the only Spanish-speaking social worker

in the entire county available to respond to emergency calls to

accompany law enforcement to homes where Spanish-speaking children

needed care.
When LAPD units answered calls about gang violence, Xiomara was

there.
When LAPD busted a human trafficking ring, Xiomara was there.
When they raided a house where drugs were being manufactured, Xiomara

was there.
Her primary concern was always the innocent children caught up in the

violence, usually standing to the side, quiet and frightened while

police arrested the adults around them.
She made sure they were cared

for and reunited with family whenever possible or placed into the

foster system.
Xiomara retired after 36 years with the Department of Children and

Family Services.
She leaves behind a legacy of new policies that

protect the welfare of vulnerable children throughout Los Angeles.
She continues to give back to her community by way of teaching part-

time at the California State University Northridge Department of Social

Work.
Xiomara understands the need for compassion and trained,

culturally competent crisis professionals to respond to urgent calls,

values she passes on to her students.
In addition to her work at CSUN, she remains a tireless worker and

advocate for underserved populations and is a major influencing member

of the San Fernando Valley Coalition on Gangs.
I thank Xiomara.
It is my honor to recognize her as a distinguished

community leader and luchadora during this Hispanic Heritage Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DIANNE FEINSTEIN LAKE TAHOE RESTORATION ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce a bill cosponsored by

every California Democrat and the entire Nevada delegation renaming the

Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-506) in honor of the

late U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA).
We recognize her legacy and

leadership spanning more than three decades to Keep Tahoe Blue.
Among her many accomplishments, Senator Feinstein secured more than

$715 million in authorized federal funding under this landmark 2000 law

to conserve Lake Tahoe and the surrounding basin for future

generations.
Senator Feinstein's 2016 amendments to this law provided

new authorities for the U.S. Forest Service to combat wildfires across

the Tahoe Basin.
These authorities were first employed in combating the

devastating Caldor Fire in 2021 and in the recovery since.
Nobody in government has done more to Keep Tahoe Blue than Senator

Feinstein.
She organized the first annual Tahoe Summit in 1997, while I

served as Deputy Secretary of the Interior during the Clinton

Administration.
The California and Nevada Senators have since rotated

hosting the Tahoe Summit annually, which I have been honored to attend

over the years.
In 1999, Senator Feinstein sponsored the original Lake Tahoe

Restoration Act, the companion of which by then-Congressman John T.

Doolittle (R-CA) was enacted into law in the year 2000.
In the 114th

Congress, I was honored to sponsor the companion to Senator Feinstein's

``Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015'' with then-U.S. Senator Dean

Heller (R-NV), which was enacted into law the following year.
Under the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 (Division AA of

Public Law 116-260), she worked with Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV),

U.S. Senator Alex Padilla (D-CA), and me to authorize the U.S. Army

Corps of Engineers new invasive species in alpine lakes pilot project

to safeguard Lake Tahoe.