In 1999, Senator Feinstein sponsored the original Lake Tahoe

Restoration Act, the companion of which by then-Congressman John T.

Doolittle (R-CA) was enacted into law in the year 2000.
In the 114th

Congress, I was honored to sponsor the companion to Senator Feinstein's

``Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015'' with then-U.S. Senator Dean

Heller (R-NV), which was enacted into law the following year.
Under the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 (Division AA of

Public Law 116-260), she worked with Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV),

U.S. Senator Alex Padilla (D-CA), and me to authorize the U.S. Army

Corps of Engineers new invasive species in alpine lakes pilot project

to safeguard Lake Tahoe.
Under the Water Resources Development Act of

2022 (Title LXXXI of Public Law 117-263), she worked again with us to

secure an additional $25 million in federal funding for restoration

efforts across the Lake Tahoe Basin, such as restoration of the Upper

Truckee River and Marsh.
This past March, Senator Feinstein sponsored the ``Lake Tahoe

Restoration Reauthorization Act of 2023'' with the entire Nevada

delegation to provide an additional $415 million in federal funding

until 2034.
I can think of no better tribute to Senator Feinstein's

decades of leadership to help conserve Lake Tahoe than passing this

bipartisan reauthorization into law.
I am deeply saddened by the

passing of this amazing public servant, longtime friend, and treasured

colleague.
Senator Feinstein will be missed dearly, but her legacy will

endure through the lives of the countless Californians she improved

during her storied life and career.
My colleagues and I from the California and Nevada delegations are

honored to recognize Senator Feinstein's tireless advocacy for our

public lands by sponsoring this bill to rename the landmark Lake Tahoe

Restoration Act in her honor.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members to

join us in cosponsoring this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BOB GATT'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF NOVI

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bob Gatt, Mayor

of Novi, Michigan, on the occasion of his retirement.
His decades

of tireless service to the city of Novi are worthy of commendation.
Born and raised in Detroit, it was a childhood dream of Bob's to

become a police officer.
When looking for a position, Bob was saddened

to find that most police departments at that time had a height

requirement.
Luckily for Bob and for Novi, the Novi Police Department

had no such requirement.
Bob began his service to the City of Novi as a

police officer in 1975.
Soon after starting the job, Bob learned about the Drug Abuse

Resistance Education (DARE) program.
After attending a two-week course

and becoming a DARE Officer, Bob launched the DARE program here in

Novi.
To this day, Bob teaches DARE to the children of Novi.
Bob's

leadership within the department led him to be promoted to the role of

Detective, later earning the rank of Seargent shortly before his

retirement in 2002.
After spending some time on Novi's Zoning Board of Appeals, Bob

decided to run for City Council, a seat he would hold for the next 8

years.
In 2011, Bob took the next step and was elected Mayor of the

City of Novi.
His 12 years at the helm has led Novi to reduce its debt

by 75 percent and cut its crime rate in half.
Novi has received

national recognition for their support of small businesses, community

schools, and technology innovation.
In 2022, Fortune Magazine ranked

Novi in the Top Ten Best Places to Live for Families in the United

States.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Bob

Gatt and the 48 years of service he has given to the residents of Novi.
While he is retiring from local politics, service runs in his blood,

and Bob plans to continue as the Manager of the Oakland County Animal

Shelter.