The North Central Chamber demonstrates excellence in operations,

member services, and community leadership.
The Chamber provides

immeasurable support to budding and established entrepreneurs in the

region, which helps our businesses thrive.
From new programs supporting

Latinx small business, to revamping highly trafficked tourism

destinations, the Chamber tirelessly works to improve the life of

residents and guests to Central Massachusetts.
This recognition affirms what my constituents already know: the North

Central Chamber of Commerce goes above and beyond for all.
The

Chamber's commitment to continued improvement is what makes them so

successful.
And, of course, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the countless

partners that help the Chamber excel at their work.
North Central

Massachusetts's educational, economic, non-profit, cultural, and

governmental organizations each have seamlessly integrated into the

Chamber's purview.
The over 700 businesses and organizations the

Chamber assists rightly trust the Chamber to help them serve the

twenty-seven communities across North Central Massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to celebrate the remarkable contributions of

the North Central Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce.
Congratulations to

such a great organization for another year of phenomenal work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VICTOR GARZA

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the accomplishments of

Mr. Victor Garza.
He is a longtime community advocate and Latino leader

in San Jose, CA.
Victor Garza was born in Eagle Pass, Texas, and moved to California

in 1960.
He enlisted in the United States Navy and when he left the

Navy, he realized there were limited services for veterans in the

community.
He observed that Latinos were struggling to gain a political

voice and recognized that two key areas that needed to be addressed

were educational attainment of Latinos and increasing their political

participation and increasing services to people in need throughout the

community.
He was active in one of the most important veterans' groups

in the nation, the American GI Forum.
Victor became the first Manager of the Santa Clara County Office of

Veterans Services.
He has received numerous commendations and awards

for his long history of political activism and community involvement

including proclamations from the U.S. Congress, State Legislature,

County of Santa Clara.
and the City of San Jose.
He was awarded

``Outstanding Young Man of America'' by the U.S. Jaycees, recognized by

the Santa Clara County Human Relations Commission for outstanding

service and dedication to the community, and was an Olympic Cross

Country Torch Relay Participant in 1996.
The Victor Garza Community

Center in Austin, Texas bears his name, as does the Victor Garza

Educational Center at Evergreen Valley College.
He founded the La Raza Roundtable in 1988, Santa Clara County's

largest coalition of Latino and Mexican American organizations, and

spent the last 4 decades fighting for his community.
In 1998, Victor

was invited by the White House to participate in President Clinton's

Initiative on Race and Poverty.
Victor has been a strong voice for equitable education, social and

health services, immigration issues, employment and promotional issues

that impact the Latino workforce, as well as veterans affairs.
He is

truly the best our community has to offer, and it has been my privilege

to work alongside him and I am proud to call him my friend.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING XIOMARA FLORES-HOLGUIN AS 2023 VALLEY LUCHADORA FOR HISPANIC

HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
TONY CARDENAS

Mr. CARDENAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Xiomara Flores-

Holguin as a Valley Luchadora.
Xiomara is famous in Los Angeles County for her work as a social

worker and protecting thousands of kids during her amazing career.
She grew up a child of immigrants from Nicaragua.
As a first

generation American whose first language was Spanish, Xiomara has

always understood the importance of inclusion, representation, and

protecting those without a voice.