From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF CAMILLE BRANDON

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

the life of Camille Brandon, a dedicated public servant and advocate

for causes about which she cared deeply.
Those of us who are fortunate

enough to have worked with her will recall the kindness, the decency

and the warmth that she brought to all of her governmental, political

and civic efforts.
Camille was the Deputy Erie County Clerk under elected clerks of both

major parties, was a trusted advisor in the administration of

Erie County Executive Dennis Gorski and held important positions at the

Buffalo City Court.
She was the Vice President of the Pulaski

Association, chaired the Youth Services and Citizens Police Advisory

Boards in the Town of Cheektowaga, and sat on the board of the YWCA

Institute for Public Leadership Planning.
She was an American Heart

Association board member and had been Grand Marshall of Buffalo's

Pulaski Day Parade.
Active in politics, she was a delegate to the Democratic National

Convention in 1992, 1996, and 2012.
She generously lent her time, her

expertise, and her friendly and positive attitude to political efforts.
We join our friend, Camille's dedicated husband, Bob Brandon, in

mourning this tremendous loss.
All of us who knew and worked with

Camille will remember her with deep gratitude and affection.
If more

people in the realms of politics, government and civic affairs shared

Camille's deep commitment to kindness, decency and mutual

understanding, our nation would be far better off.
May she continue to

be an example to all of us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MRS.
MARY ELLEN RIVERS SMITH

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a committed

educator, devout Christian, and dedicated public servant, Mrs. Mary

Ellen Rivers Smith.
Ms. Smith transitioned from this life on October

14, 2023.
She was born in Charleston, South Carolina, on February 13,

1931, the third of four children born to Addell and Mitchell Rivers.
Ms. Smith was a proud graduate of the Charleston School System,

having attended Simonton Elementary School, where I began my

professional career, and the historic Avery Institute, the first

accredited secondary school for African Americans in Charleston.
The

Avery Institute had a special place in her heart.
Decades after

graduation, Mrs. Smith donated several artifacts from her school days

to what has become the Avery Research Center for African American

History and Culture.
Ms. Smith matriculated at North Carolina Central University, then

North Carolina College, in Durham, North Carolina, in 1952 and

graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Health and Physical

Education with a minor in Education.
An avid and talented singer, Mrs.

Smith earned the nickname ``Songbird'' as a soloist in the University

Choir.
After graduation, she returned to Charleston to teach high

school and shortly thereafter married Reverend Dr. Charles F. Thomas.
Mrs. Smith was deeply dedicated to uplifting and shaping young minds.
Over her six-decades-long career as an educator, she taught in

elementary and middle schools in South Carolina; Biloxi, Mississippi;

Lanon, Philippine Islands; Minneapolis, Minnesota; and Omaha, Nebraska.
After residing in Omaha for many years, she moved with her family to

Huntsville, Alabama.
In Huntsville, Mrs. Smith became Education Director for the

Comprehensive Childcare program.
She retired from teaching in 1999 but

continued her commitment to educating the next generation of young

minds as a substitute elementary school teacher.
Additionally, during

this time, she met and married Frank C. Smith of Charleston.
Her

dedication to education and community service served as an inspiration

to her five children, all of whom served as educators in various

capacities.
Mrs. Smith accepted Christ as her Lord and Savior at a young age and

was baptized at Calvary Baptist Church.