I commend the hon.
Lady for bringing this Bill forward.
Does she recognise that the sustainable farming incentive is moving to rewarding farmers who are further towards the bottom of the scale, rather than at the high end of it as we would wish to see?
To reward farmers for rotation of crops, for example, seems to be going back to the 18th century rather than ensuring a high level of stewardship.
My understanding, as a non-farmer, is that crop rotation is an effective way to regenerate soil.
The second priority is to create more joined-up space for nature on land.
Through the global biodiversity frame-work, the Government have committed to protect 30% of land and sea for nature by 2030.
With less than five years to meet that target, a Wildlife and Countryside Link report states that the amount of land in England effectively protected for nature has fallen to less than 3%.
The Government should put 30 by 30 at the heart of upcoming planning reforms, to ensure that all development is playing an active role in nature recovery, and expand the protected sites network by designating more significant and rare natural habitats, such as ancient woodlands and chalk streams.
My third point is about the urgency of delivery, because urgency is lacking in the implementation of positive actions.
The OEP states that the rate of tree planting needs to increase substantially to achieve woodland creation goals.
Meanwhile, long-awaited major initiatives such as a UK chemicals strategy and land use framework,  and the national action plan on the sustainable use of pesticides, as well as the ban on the sale of horticultural peat and the reintroduction of species such as the beaver, are delayed.
I say a big thank you to the hon.
Lady for her excellent speech—this is clearly something that she is passionate about, and has been for a long time.
Does she agree that tree planting is hugely important?
Trees are part of our biodiversity, but they also give life to us, and I celebrate the work that Harlow council did in planting 5,000 trees across Harlow.
I applaud the fantastic work being  done in Harlow to increase the number of trees.
They are indeed life-enhancing and valuable self-contained ecosystems.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for having engaged with me about her Bill.
She shared with me the frustrations she has had in discussing its contents with the Government.
Can we get to the key issue here?
She talks about urgency, but is it true that the Government are intent on kicking the Bill into the long grass because they do not want to be seen to be opposing it, yet they do not really support it?
That is not my interpretation of the Government’s position, and we have had some fruitful conversations.
I shall move on briefly to the climate.
While two sectors in climate—power and greenhouse gas removals—are on course to meet or even exceed the required emissions reductions, significant challenges remain in agriculture and land use, transport, and heat and building.
Some have queried the urgency or indeed the need to reduce emissions from fossil fuels, but does my hon.
Friend not agree that, with 250 people in Somerset alone estimated to die early from air pollution according to Public Health England, there are other reasons why we urgently need to reduce carbon emissions?
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend that we cannot go wrong in moving away from fossil fuels, given the implications for air quality as well as for the climate.
I call on the Government to commit significant additional funding to support farmers in environmental delivery on the least productive agricultural land.
Transport has the biggest gap of all sectors between confirmed policy and the emissions reductions needed.
We need to improve public transport, reduce bus fares, increase provision for walking and cycling, and decarbonise the freight sector.
Much more needs to be done on buildings and clean heat, too.
In the Budget, the Chancellor pledged an initial £3.4 billion towards household energy efficiency and heat decarbonisation, but the current warm homes plan falls short of the pace and scale needed.
A strong future homes standard needs to be introduced this year, mandating technologies such as solar photovoltaic, as per the New Homes (Solar Generation)
Bill—the sunshine Bill—introduced by my Gloucestershire neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) .
I commend the hon.
Member for what she is doing with the Bill.
When talking about the future of housing and properties, we often focus on energy and water.
Does she agree that it is important to focus on rainwater harvesting and what can be done in that sense, too?
I very much agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the right thing to do is to be much more intelligent in our use of water, which will reduce the demand for clean water and reduce run-off from rainfall, which is becoming increasingly heavy as climate change kicks in.
The most significant addition that the Climate and Nature Bill would make to the existing strategy is its joined-up approach.
Of the words in its title, perhaps the most important is “and”.
Many people are aware that a changing climate is damaging nature.
The wildfires in California this year have claimed millions of trees and thousands of homes.
We see expanding deserts, melting ice caps and British moorlands on fire.
We see natural cycles getting out of sync, so that newly hatched birds, insects and amphibians no longer find their favourite foods available when they need them.
We are less aware of how the loss of nature, the cutting down of forests, the warming of the oceans and intensive agriculture affect climate.
It is a two-way relationship.
Forests, oceans and soils are some of our most effective allies for natural carbon capture and sequestration.
Healthy soil, along with trees, re-wiggled rivers and water meadows, helps to mitigate flooding and run-off, which are on the increase with ever more intense rainfall.
Nature’s ability to perform this moderating role and regulate climate is being compromised by the rate at which we are destroying it.
We are damaging nature’s capacity to self-regulate by killing, reducing, polluting and compromising natural ecosystems.
Activities such as deep-sea mining threaten to make extinct species that we have not even discovered yet—species that we may one day find to be enormously useful to humanity.
We often hear that the UK is one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world.
“Nature-depleted” is a rather sterile phrase.
What does it actually mean?
Many of the alarming stats on nature use 1970 as a baseline—just a couple of years after I was born.
I remember a time when if we put bread out on the back lawn, within a minute, dozens of starlings would be squabbling over the crusts.
I cannot even remember the last time I saw a starling.
Heading off on holidays in my father’s Triumph 1200, we would have to stop while he cleaned squashed insects off the windscreen.
We do not have to do that any more.
We often saw hedgehogs.
Okay, they were mostly squashed on the road, because it turns out that a fear response of curling up in a ball is not all that effective when the threat is an oncoming car, but I ask you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and the House: when did you last see a hedgehog?
The collapse in the hedgehog population is not entirely due to roadkill.
They lost their habitats, their sources of food and their ability to range and forage as woodlands were cut down and urban gardens were fenced in.
If the first half of my life—perhaps the first two thirds, on a less optimistic estimate—has seen such huge damage inflicted on our natural world, I hope that in the rest of my life I will see nature put well back on  the path to recovery.
One of my team members is expecting a baby in May, and I would like to commit to Poppy’s future daughter that by the time she is five years old we will have halted the degradation of nature and that at least 30% of land and coastal waters will be protected.
I would like to promise that unborn little girl that by the time she is 25, we will have reversed nature loss and will be living in harmony with nature, as stated in the global biodiversity framework.