This is getting rather worrying, because I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
Either he is doing harm to his political career or I am doing harm to what might be left of mine.
I shall leave it to my hon.
Friend the shadow Deputy Chief Whip to jot that down in his little red book.
I find UK manufacturing really strange in this respect, because the trajectory of policy for the past several years has been very clear.
We are not trying to make our petrol combustion engines go faster; we are trying to make electric vehicles more reliable, less costly, travel further and so on.
Why has UK plc manufacturing not grabbed hold of that as a fourth industrial revolution and led the way, in the way that our forefathers did at the start of the first industrial revolution?
We have to look to private equity and others to invest.
I was pleased to see an investment in a solar farm in my constituency.
I visited the site to see where it was all going to go and how it was going to plug in, and I asked, “If you broke down a solar panel, where did the component parts come from?”
Not a single component had been manufactured in the United Kingdom.
They had come from about 12 different countries; the only thing that we had done was assemble them.
I say to our entrepreneurs and our leaders of industry and commerce that we are better than that.
We are not just assemblers; we are makers and innovators.
We are an island race that has worked on free trade and exporting values, ideas and products across the surface of the globe.
This is a time for us to lead in the export of actual hard power, and drive forward an international alliance on these important issues.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
Dorset is well represented this morning.
I will of course give way to my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch.
My hon.
Friend has not mentioned China specifically, but China is still intent on increasing its CO2 emissions until at least 2030.
As a result, it is able to compete unfairly with what would be UK enterprise if we had not put a stranglehold on it with all these regulatory restrictions.
How does he expect to deal with the issue of China?
Let me respond to my hon.
Friend by quoting one of his great political heroes, the noble Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton: just because we cannot do good everywhere, that does not mean we cannot do a little bit of good here.
I understand the point that my hon.
Friend makes.
Of course we have to be conscious of cost differentials, production costs and all the rest of it, but I say to him respectfully that if the rest of the world does something that is to the good, and one or two countries decide not to, or go at a slower pace or on a different path, I do not believe we should just stop, shrug, throw it up in the air and say, “Oh, well, if not everybody’s doing it, why the hell should we?”
We led the abolition of slavery.
Nobody else was doing it.
We did it because we thought it was right.
We introduced factory Acts.
Nobody else was doing it.
We did it because we thought it was right.
We introduced votes for women.
[Interruption.]
Not me personally!
I am not as old as my hon.
Friend; I have just had a hard life.
We have led.
It is what the United Kingdom does.
We are not a nation that follows; we are a nation that sculps, leads, forms, challenges, cajoles and encourages.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
The hon.
Lady needed encouragement; she has got it.
I rarely need much encouragement.
The hon.
Member is making an impassioned speech about the fact that this country has led, and it can continue to lead in this area.
He talked about hard power.
Does he agree with me and my Liberal Democrat colleagues that if our country is to be better than just assembling parts, we need urgently to rip up the red tape that is stopping so many of our home-grown manufacturers building the climate technology of the future because of the trade barriers that exist with our EU neighbours?
The hon.
Lady is pushing at an open door.
There is much merit in the trade and co-operation agreement that we have with the European Union.
That should never have been seen as an event; it should be an evolutionary process, responding to events in a pragmatic and sensible way while always maintaining the integrity of the result of the Brexit referendum.
She and I were on the same side in that debate.
We lost, and we now have to play the hand of cards that we have been dealt.
I have received emails describing me as a “dangerous radical” and a Stalinist.
I have been called many things in my time, but a Stalinist dangerous radical was new to me.
My North Dorset constituency is about 440 square miles, of which only 12% is built upon; the rest is open farmland, hill land, ancient woodland and so on.
I had hoped that I might have been able to finish my speech by now, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I am just getting into the romantic prose.
I notice that the clock  stands at 10.59 am, and I understand that you want the statement to be given at 11 am.
I am now in “Just a Minute”, talking down the clock without hesitation, repetition or deviation— Proceedings interrupted ( Standing Order No. 11(4) ).
It is almost a shame to interrupt the flow of  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) .
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to update the House on an important development relating to our Royal Navy submarine fleet that will boost national security and economic growth, and deliver savings to the taxpayer.
This morning, my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary is visiting the Rolls-Royce nuclear skills academy site in Derby to announce our new Unity contract with Rolls-Royce Submarines.
Unity is worth around £9 billion over eight years and, as its name implies, brings together eight contracts into one, covering the research, design, manufacture and in-service support of the nuclear reactors that power the current and planned Royal Navy submarine fleet, which helps to keep the nation and our allies safe.
This is the biggest contract that Rolls-Royce has ever had with the UK Ministry of Defence.
The contract will help Rolls-Royce to operate in a more integrated and efficient way, driving efficiencies, reducing waste, saving more than £400 million and delivering on the Government’s commitment to provide value for money for the taxpayer.
It will ensure that our committed submariners, who, alongside their families, sacrifice so much to keep us all safe, can continue to protect us around the clock, every minute of every day.
Not only is this new deal a boost for our national security, but it underpins the Government’s triple-lock guarantee to our continuous at-sea nuclear deterrent and our important AUKUS defence and security partnership with the United States of America and Australia by enabling the development of our next-generation SSN-AUKUS nuclear powered, conventionally armed submarines.
The Unity contract is also a boost for British industry, for the resilience of our defence supply chains, and for jobs, skills and economic growth in communities in the east midlands and across the country.
The Unity deal will create more than 1,000 new jobs, sustaining around 5,000 skilled and well-paid roles in total—the majority in Derby, but also around 200 in Glasgow and Cardiff.
The deal will also help to deliver the next generations of skilled workers we need in our nuclear defence enterprise, with the Rolls-Royce nuclear skills academy offering 200 apprenticeships each year.
Unity also paves the way for the use of safer and more sustainable materials in our fleet, supporting the commitment made by defence to better environmental performance.
The new contract with Rolls-Royce—an historic British industrial success story—comes as we consult industry partners and trade unions on our new defence industrial strategy, and as we seek to create a new partnership with Government fit for our more uncertain age.
The Government recognise not only that defence is critical for our national security, but that it is a key driver for economic growth.
It makes the UK more resilient.
Through our defence industrial strategy, we aim to strengthen the virtuous circle that connects a more resilient UK-based defence sector and economic growth across the country.
That virtuous circle will enhance our  military capabilities and in turn make them more resilient, which not only deters our enemies but acts as an engine of growth for opportunities, skills and well-paid jobs across our devolved nations and regions.
By onshoring and putting British manufacture first wherever it is in our national interest to do so, we will build on the 200,000 skilled British jobs currently sustained by MOD expenditure, delivering on the Government’s plan for change and our primary mission to kick-start economic growth, while simultaneously delivering on the first duty of any Government: to keep their people safe.
We in this House are all passionate about defence.
The defence of our nation should be too important for political point scoring, and I hope we have a consensus on that.
It is in that spirit that we are consulting on our strategic defence review, so that we have a national plan for defence—not just a Labour plan for defence—that will inform our path towards spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
In that spirit, I thank my predecessor in the role, the current shadow Secretary of State for Defence,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , for the groundwork he put into this deal.
What he started, we are finishing.
On Wednesday, the Defence Secretary updated the House on the key role of our submarine fleet and the role it plays in deterrence.
We all saw it warding off the Russian spy ship Yantar from UK waters.
We should be under no illusions: this was just the latest example of growing Russian aggression targeting the UK and our NATO allies.
In our increasingly dangerous world, the UK’s nuclear deterrent is our ultimate insurance policy that protects our freedoms and our way of life.
This deal underpins that insurance policy for the next eight years, as we begin to phase in our new fleet of Dreadnought nuclear-powered and nuclear-armed submarines.
This deal also foreshadows a brighter future for the UK defence sector, guided by our defence industrial strategy, which will make us more secure and prosperous at home and strong abroad.
I commend this statement to the House.