Does the hon.
Gentleman not think that the Members who, before they came to this House, campaigned in support of the Bill, and agreed to vote for it, should be present today to vote for it?
We all understand that it can be difficult for Members to come to the House on Thursdays and Fridays; we need to spend time in our constituencies, and many people also have family commitments.
I would not for one second want to stand here and judge anyone for what they may have going on in their personal lives or in their constituencies.
However, I know that most Members across the House care deeply and passionately about this subject and are here if they can be.
I know that many could not be here today, for good reason; some have sickness, and some have other commitments.
I am sure that all Members present today will make fantastic contributions, and that those who cannot be here are still rooting for the Bill and will be punching the air at their TV screens.
Many of us have had constituents come to us on this matter, and the Bill has made many headlines.
One reason is that it is emblematic of the shortfall that  people feel there is between the political ambition and the on-the-ground delivery that we all know needs to happen.
People may be critical of my Government and some of the things they have done in their first six months—I may come on to that in a minute.
I would say, though, that they are doing a lot better than the Government who came before.
That is, I accept, a low bar; in fact, it is so low I would have difficulty limboing under it.
None the less, that is the bar, and we are doing better than the previous Government.
I think many Labour Members understand that we have far more to do; there is much more to do, and a lot further to go, and I believe this Government will do it.
There will be a debate and a discussion, and I will be part of that, as I am sure will many Members on the Government Benches and across the House.
We cannot get away from the fact that there is growing concern in this country and across the world about what is happening to the natural world.
Today, we have a weather bomb off our coast, which is something I had never heard of before in all my 50-something years.
We all know in our hearts that that has come about because of the climate and ecological crisis.
We know that we are seeing this kind of thing more and more often.
We understand that we may be heading into a dystopian future, where food and water crises become more and more frequent.
We can already see the impact of “climateflation”, as economists are now calling it—the stubborn inflation where the basic staples of life, such as food and water, increasingly become more costly.
Many people are increasingly being priced out of being able to buy the basic food staples they need.
That also has an impact on central banks and the political and economic obligation we have given them to tackle inflation.
We have this stubborn inflation that will not go away, and we cannot seem to get growth in our economy.
This is the climate crisis—this is what it looks like.
We were warned about it by Stern decades ago, but it is here now.
We need to do something about it; in fact, we need to do a lot about it.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  is chuntering away—he is more than welcome to make an intervention, if he wishes.
If he does not, I will continue.
We understand the situation.
The hon.
Member for South Cotswolds outlined very clearly—brilliantly, in fact—the scale of the challenge before us.
The fact is that 47% of the biodiversity in this country has been completely obliterated.
We are one of the most denuded countries in the world when it comes to biodiversity and wildlife.
I believe one of the few countries ahead of us is Singapore, which has 30% of the natural world left.
That is on the edge—the tipping point—of ecological collapse, and we are not far behind.
We should be on 90% and we are on 53%.
We need to improve.
We need to move ourselves.
We need to act.
The Bill can help us do that.
I want to talk about something that we in this place still do not quite get: the interconnectedness between climate and nature.
The hon.
Member for South Cotswolds discussed that very well, and I want to tease it out a bit further.
Many of us now see tackling the climate crisis as an economic opportunity.
I understand that, and there is a lot of mileage in it.
However, it is quite possible to tackle the climate crisis—to build solar farms and wind farms, and do all the things that decarbonise—yet still kill the biodiversity of the planet.
It is entirely  possible to do both.
Now that many of us in this place understand the climate crisis, we have to ensure that we also understand the nature and biodiversity crisis.
In my constituency of Norwich South, we had something called the western link, which was a massive road that was going to go through an ancient woodland.
I do not want to give the hon.
Member a lesson in geography, but he will recognise that the western link road is in my constituency and not his.
Obviously, I like to expand the borders of Norwich South as far as possible.
I will caveat that by saying that it is a big issue in my constituency and many of my constituents will use that road if it is ever built, which hopefully it will not be.
I have opposed it, as have many people, and it may no longer be built because of public pressure.
That example is instructive, because we were told that if we wanted economic growth in Norfolk, it was necessary to build the road.
I was invited down to the ancient woodland, and yes, there were bats there.
I know that the proposed carbon offsetting would have meant the planting of tens of thousands of new saplings to replace the ancient woodland, which would have ensured that the carbon sequestration took place and that we could still hit our climate targets.
However, I went down there and saw a flint axe head.
I saw an ancient oak woodland that had been there for tens of thousands, possibly hundreds of thousands, of years.
The complex biodiversity that was there—the insects, the birds, the mycelium networks underneath the ground—was beautiful.
I could feel how old it was, and it was going to be bulldozed over and replaced with tens of thousands of saplings somewhere else in Norfolk.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
No, I will make some progress.
At that point, I understood that it is entirely possible for us to hit our climate targets as we rip up and destroy a 10,000 or 50,000-year-old woodland.
At that moment, I realised that I could never allow the road to be built.
We can look at the Amazon forest and campaign about what should not be happening there, but what about our own backyards?
There is a question for the Government —my Government or any Government—about growth: what kind of growth do we want?
No one is answering that question.
Do we want sustainable growth?
What is growth about?
What are we growing?
Are we growing pollution in our rivers?
Are we growing roads that go through ancient woodlands?
Yes, that is growth, but is it the growth we want?
Do we not want to see growth in well-paid adult social care or renewable technology?
Do we not want to see growth in rewilding or sustainable farming?
Those are the areas where I want to see economic growth.
I do not want to see growth that comes at the cost of my daughter and her generation’s future.
That is the kind of decision that we in this country and this Government have to make.
I am afraid to say that we cannot have growth on a dead planet.
Politicians need to understand that; for too long, we have not.
We cannot pick growth out of the air  and say, “Biodiversity will come in second place; climate will come after.”
They are all interlinked.
We cannot have a viable economy unless the climate and nature of our country and the economy are working well together in unity and in synthesis.
That is what needs to happen.
I agree with the hon.
Member’s point about the kind of growth we want.
Does he agree that if the Government were to proceed with expanding Luton airport, as rumours suggest, that would fly in the face of advice from the Government’s own climate experts and economists, who say that it would not deliver the kind of growth that airport expansion used to deliver?