As a former official of the GMB shipbuilding and ship repair union, I warmly welcome today’s announcement.
Does the Minister agree that an aim of the defence industrial strategy should be to open up opportunities for jobs and apprenticeships to people from disadvantaged communities?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
Our defence industries are largely based outside of London and the south-east and are in all our nations and regions.
Quite often they are focused already in areas that have some deprivation.
My hon.
Friend is right to identify that defence industries across our nations and regions can be a part of regional development as well as boosting national growth.
The nuclear defence enterprise for the UK is an extortionate vanity project.
We would much rather the money was spent on conventional defence capabilities.
The Minister states that the contract will drive efficiency to reduce waste and save over £400 million.
Given that no major nuclear contract has ever come in under budget, how does she expect this to happen?
On the 200 jobs that will be split between Cardiff and Glasgow, can she let us know when during the course of the contract these jobs will be delivered?
Will it be at the end or earlier on, and what will the split be between Cardiff and Glasgow?
I opened the centre in Glasgow that has some of those jobs, and I can assure the hon.
Lady that it is well under way, and although the Cardiff centre is not quite up and running yet, it soon will be.
So those jobs are already there.
I disagree with her first point, of course, but that is fair enough.
I hope that she will see  the importance of manufacturing skills and job opportunities, many of which have dual-use applications, as indeed do the apprenticeships at Rolls-Royce in Derby.
There is nothing to suggest that the young people who obtain those nuclear qualifications will not go and work on the civil side of nuclear in the future, and even she ought to be able to see the importance of skilling up young people and creating job opportunities across the nations and regions.
I think we all want to live in a world where we do not need a nuclear deterrent, but it is clear from some of the conflicts we have seen recently that that is not the world we currently live in.
Does the Minister agree that the first duty of a Government is to protect the country, and will she welcome the work being done at Raytheon, which we both visited—it seems a lifetime ago, but it was actually only seven months ago—to ensure that we are manufacturing and producing defence systems in-house, rather than relying on foreign imports?
I very much agree with what my hon.
Friend has said, and I fondly remember that visit to his constituency during, I think, the general election campaign.
Defending the country is clearly the first duty of any Government.
My hon.
Friend will have noted from the statement of intent in respect of our defence industrial strategy that one of our key aims is to build more in Britain and to improve British jobs and economic growth through the money that we spend on our defence, and I think that that is a win-win.
This deal is absolutely the right thing to do, and I very much welcome the Minister’s commitment to our continuous at-sea deterrent, which has not always received universal support on the Labour Benches.
My hon.
Friend the shadow Secretary of State asked the Minister a very clear question about how she sees this underpinning the AUKUS deal for the long term, but unless my hearing is even worse than I thought, I am not sure that she gave a clear commitment in that regard.
May I give her another opportunity to make absolutely clear this Government’s commitment to AUKUS and this deal’s central role in its long-term future?
I was attempting to answer a great many questions from the shadow Defence Secretary and did not reach that one, so the hon.
Gentleman is right to raise it with me again.
The deal enables us to boost production and the capacity that we need in order to deliver SSN-AUKUS as a follow-on from our Dreadnought submarines.
Without it, we would be in much more difficulty in ensuring that we can do everything that we need to do on time to deliver those commitments.
It is essential to the delivery of our AUKUS commitment, as it is to the delivery of our own continuous at-sea nuclear deterrent.
Like many people from Gateshead, I am proud to say that I come from a long line of people working in the defence manufacturing industry.
Can the Minister assure me that this deal, and other defence manufacturing deals, will benefit those in all the nations and regions of the country, especially Gateshead?
Yes, I can assure my hon.
Friend of that.
This is the biggest deal that Rolls-Royce has ever signed.
It is a long-term commitment between the Government and Rolls-Royce.
It increases efficiency and resilience, creates jobs, and makes savings.
These are virtuous circles, and if we can achieve them in other parts of our defence spending, they will benefit the entire nation and all the regions within it.
Immediately before the Minister came to the House, we were debating environmental protections to secure our country and the future of our globe.
In the spirit of unity, will the Minister agree that there is little point in talking about environmental protections and security without also securing our world through robust defence spending?
There is nothing worse for the environment and humanity than war, and we need to invest in defence in order to secure our globe and to secure this country.
In the spirit of unity—that pun is becoming a bit wearing, but I have just used it, too—I very much agree that the foundation of security and deterrence is a key part of us being able to advance as a nation.
Without that security, we cannot secure any of our public services or our way of life.
Today’s announcement will help deliver long-term growth, boost British industry, and create and support thousands of skilled jobs.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that a key ambition of our defence industrial strategy will be to deliver jobs in every nation and region, and indeed in smaller towns such as Rugby, where GE Vernova is doing fine work to support the Royal Navy with advanced hybrid electric propulsion technology for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary’s frontline fleet?
Yes, I can confirm that.
MOD spending already supports over 200,000 jobs directly, and many more besides, and my hon.
Friend has set out an example from his constituency.
The defence industrial strategy will aim to create jobs in every nation and region of this country.