I am not sure that is even the policy of the Conservative party—the shadow Defence Secretary can confirm whether that is the case.
If I may say so, it is a bit sleight of hand to say that taking out a big chunk of our spending, which we are actually spending, will leave us well in deficit.
Of course it would.
However, I understand the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes and the importance he attaches to spending on conventional defence.
That is an important point, and once the strategic defence review is published he will be able to see the threats it identifies and how we will improve our capability to deal with them.
I congratulate the Government and Rolls-Royce on their fantastic and innovative Unity project.
As today’s welcome announcement shows, defence is a fantastic pipeline for building skills and refining the jobs and growth that this country needs.
That is felt and needed nowhere more than in my constituency, the home of the Royal Navy and of so many defence companies, be they national or SMEs.
Alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , I intend to hold a roundtable later this year on growth strategy.
Can the Minister assure the House that the defence industrial strategy will have a focus on training and skills and will promote and prioritise British industry?
I commend my hon.
Friend for holding a roundtable; I have done a few of those around the country lately.
It is quite illuminating to hear what comes back, particularly from small firms, and it will be informing our defence industrial strategy.
I agree that there is much potential in all our constituencies across the nations and regions to get economic growth and jobs from boosting SMEs.
I very much welcome the Minister’s announcement, but can she tell us where we are getting to with the industrial strategy in utilising Rolls-Royce’s expertise to produce small modular reactors?
There seems to have been a lot of delays in actually delivering on those, yet Rolls-Royce has demonstrated by this contract that it is a leading global player in that field.