There are organisations and individuals—billionaires —who have benefited very much from the last 50 or 60 years of rapacious growth and wealth building.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I need to conclude, because I believe other Members want to take part.
We have to understand that there are people who have done very well from this growth.
The problem with growth is this: when we get GDP growth in unequal societies, and we bulldoze over beautiful woodland forests and expand airports—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will make progress.
When we get that GDP growth in deeply unequal societies, it is those in the top 1% or top 5% who accrue the benefits.
A working-class woman in one of the Brexit debates—and I was a remainer—was told, “You’ve never had it so good.
You’ve had growth of 3% or 4% for so many years.”
She stood up and said, “But that’s your growth, not our growth.”
This is what I am talking about.
If we want a sustainable economy and sustainable biodiversity, and if we want to protect nature and ensure that future generations have somewhere to live and have food security and water security, we need to ensure that this Bill, or something like it, becomes law.
We need to ensure that Labour Members do the right thing for climate and nature.
It is what our constituents want to see.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  on her good fortune in having secured a place in the ballot and been able to introduce a Bill that I believe will be very important.
I am proud to be a sponsor of it.
It is deeply flawed in places; we all know that.
I have been in this place for quite a long time and I know of no private Member’s Bill that was perfect when it started its journey.
However, I hope and believe that it will receive a Second Reading.
If it comes to a vote, I shall most certainly support it.
Old men can bore for Britain.
As the grandfather of the House, I am probably just as capable of that as anybody else in this place.
I would like to put it on the record that the right hon.
Gentleman is not boring the House.
Give me time, young man.
At the risk of going down that path, I should like to take a short ramble down memory lane.
I was brought up in Poole, in Dorset.
My grandparents’ house had a lilac tree in the garden.
In flower, it was smothered in red admirals, peacocks, tortoiseshells and all manner of butterflies.
At night, the garden was full of moths.
These days, we are lucky if we see a cabbage white.
The little house that we lived in was on the edge of Poole Park lake.
I played in the park daily; I used to pluck conkers from under the trees during the season for it.
I saw stag beetles in abundance.
Hedgehogs, which we have heard referred to, roamed free.
Out in the hills alongside Cerne Abbas in Dorset, I walked along country paths where my father and I saw foxes, voles, stoats, weasels, rabbits and, up in the sky, birds of prey feeding on them.
Where are they now?
The World Wildlife Fund says that in the past 50 years—well within my lifetime,  but sadly not within the lifetime of most, albeit not all, hon.
Members present—our wildlife has been depleted by 73%.
As a Poole Member, I recognise those places.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman join me in congratulating Dorset on being one of the only places in the country that has turned around the depletion of nature?
Thanks to people like Mark and Mo Constantine, we are restoring ospreys and other birds of prey to our wonderful county.
With great respect to the hon.
Lady, who is fortunate to represent a beautiful place, the Poole that I knew is not the Poole that she now knows—not even in the town, never mind in the countryside.
Although one or two places such as Branksea island, to give it its proper name, may have improved—the overgrowth was taken down about 20 years ago in a fire—a lot of our national habitat has nevertheless been lost.
That is the point that I am trying to make.
I am blessed with five grandchildren.
Additionally, I have five surrogate Ukrainian grandchildren and one infant—Florence, the daughter of two of my dearest young friends—whom I care about passionately.
I want them to be able to grow up in at least some of the world that I knew, and to enjoy the natural environment that I enjoyed.
That is why I am standing here today; I have no other reason.
Sadly, I believe that a lot of that is at risk.
The planning changes that have been partially announced this week—I assume that there will in due course be a further statement to the House—seek effectively to abolish the right to judicial review.
In my constituency, National Grid is planning to build a monstrosity, 90 feet high and the size of five football pitches, on the Thanet marshes—which it has just discovered are wet—immediately adjacent to a site of special scientific interest.
If built, it will indeed be a monstrosity, and will be accompanied by a string of high-powered, high-voltage pylons.
If we are denied the right to challenge that, to whom do we look for redress in the future?
Like the last Government, this Government are subsidising Drax, to the tune of billions of pounds.
For why?
To transport millions of trees, felled and shipped across the Atlantic at God knows what carbon cost, to burn in the interest of some sort of future carbon-free fuel—which, of course, it is not.
Why are we allowing this, and why are we paying for it?
Those who oppose the Bill—which, as I have already mentioned, is flawed and will need to be amended—have described it as ideological rhetoric, an assault on our individual freedom, and a direct threat to our way of life that will lead to food rationing.
One constituent wrote to me to say that only 50% of our food is produced naturally.
Why should we be dependent on importing the other 50%?
The answer to that, I am afraid, now lies with the Government’s house building policies.
If the planners have their way, acres of farmland in Thanet that are now producing, this year, grade 1 agricultural wheat from which bread is made will, in a couple of years’ time, be growing houses, not food.
The National Farmers Union has said, “Please do not undermine UK agriculture by importing agricultural products produced to environmental standards that are different from ours here.”
A couple of weeks ago, I was visiting a friend in Thanet who allowed me to hold a facsimile of part of the skull of a Tyrannosaurus rex.
The teeth were about nine inches to a foot long.
Those beasts that ruled the Earth have been extinct for millions of years.
We are supremely arrogant if we believe that “Drill, baby, drill” is the answer; if we believe that we have a right—someone who wrote to me described it as a God-given right—to carbon fuels.
A couple of weeks ago there was an exhibition in the House organised by Helping Rhinos, which seeks to defend the black rhino, and someone who attended made the case that the black rhino could outlive the human race.
We are about to become—if we do not listen today—the authors of our own demise, and that is why I believe that the Bill deserves, at the very least, a Second Reading.
From one old fogey to another, I presume.
I have never enjoyed a speech by  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  as much as the one he has just delivered; he did not bore the House in any way.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for introducing the Bill; it has had a very long gestation, involving many Members on both sides of the House, but it is good that it has cross-party support.
Indeed, the first thing I want to focus on is the importance of cross-party support.
These issues had cross-party support in the House for many years following the Climate Change Act 2008, and that continued until about 2015.
That was tremendously important in the progress that not only we but the world were able to make.
People saw that it was possible for Parliament to come together and do things that were considered radical to tackle climate change.
Latterly, unfortunately, that consensus has broken down somewhat, and it is important—it is the duty of all Members of the House—to try to repair that consensus and to build on it.
Unless we do, we will face the sort of future that the hon.
Lady and the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich outlined.
I am conscious that many people want to speak in the debate, so I will pick up quickly on just three issues in the Bill.
First, clause 2(2) states: “The strategy must include annual interim targets consistent with the achievement of the objectives”.
Those objectives are the climate and nature targets, and it is great that the Bill makes the link between the two; that is fundamentally important.
However, I want to counsel against annual targets in this regard.
As we know—it is well documented in the OEP report that the hon.
Lady referred to, as well as in the Climate Change Committee’s reports—there is natural fluctuation annually in what happens around us.
Sometimes that is because of the El Niño effect, and sometimes it is for other reasons—nobody in the House will be more familiar with the El Niño effect on the oceans than the hon.
Lady.
It is important that we understand that sometimes an annual target, to be consistent with the five-year targets and the overall long-term target, will look like it is going backwards.
We need to look at that very carefully in the Bill.
Another issue I want to pick up on is clause 3, on the establishment of the climate and nature assembly.
In the last Parliament, six Select Committees came together to convene a people’s assembly on the climate.
That was a wonderful moment for the House, because instead of our telling the people, “This is what you have to do,” the people were telling us, “This is what we want you to do on our behalf.”
It was really important that that took place, and it is great that the hon.
Lady has included that measure in the Bill.
I gently point out, however, that the climate assembly disagreed with some of the things that the Committee on Climate Change told us were essential to do.
The 66% figure in the clause is actually quite a low threshold.
Sometimes the report from the climate assembly was clear that people were not prepared to go as far as the Committee on Climate Change and other nature organisations, such as the Joint Nature Conservation Committee, believed was imperative.
On who is in charge, there is a failure to connect things up, because the clause says that if something is recommended by 66% of the assembly, it must be included in the strategy.
We will need to go through those areas in serious detail.
Finally, it is important that the Bill talks about the impact of climate, biodiversity and nature on each other.
I pick up on what the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich— the grandfather of the House, as he styled himself—said about Drax.
We are going down the wrong road with Drax.
I understand the reasons why: Drax power station provides 4% of UK electricity in the power sector.
It seen as an important area, so the question is, if we take it away, how will we fill it?
But we cannot allow the damage to old growth and to virgin forests that we know is happening in Canada.
More than that, as has been said by the noble Lord Birt, who has also seen some of the whistleblowers’ accounts, as I have, those accounts make it clear that the Ofgem investigation was correct in saying that the sustainability of the feedstock had been not only misreported but deliberately misreported.
That means that the people concerned in Drax are not fit and proper to run the company, and we should not be paying them—at the moment—£9 billion.
We have now to decide whether we will subsidise that even further.
The impact on biodiversity is disastrous, and although they say it is renewable, it is not within the timeframe to meet the 2050 climate target.
It is salient that the previous Secretary of State, after she ceased to be the Secretary of State, said, “We knew all along that this was not sustainable.”
If that is the case, perhaps she should have done something when she was Secretary of State, but it is this Government who must now act to ensure that no further subsidy is paid to Drax.
I rise in support of the Bill.
As a co-sponsor, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for not just introducing the Bill but the way in which she introduced it.
Echoing  the hon.
Member for Brent West (Barry Gardiner) , I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  on what was a truly outstanding speech.
As a number of people have referenced, we only have temporary hold of our planet, so let’s start with a good old biblical quote, Genesis 3:19: “for dust you are and to dust you shall return.”
We have only the lightest of steps on our planet, and we need to remind ourselves of that.
The arrogance that, as the apex species, we have taken on our shoulders—the idea that we can do anything and some brainbox somewhere will find a way of ameliorating or attenuating it at some point, so it does not matter, should be part of historical political thinking.
In that respect,  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  was absolutely correct.
I want to speak to my colleagues and my party and to those who would describe themselves as centre-right in the political spectrum.
Conservatives conserve.
We are and have been champions of a notion of handing things on to successor generations.
That must mean, in today’s parlance, not just physical capital of pounds, shillings and pence and of assets, but natural capital.
My party has a proud and innovative track record on these issues.
It was Geoffrey Howe’s early 1980s
Budget, in response to the issues of acid rain, that, through the carrot and stick policy, sought to make unleaded petrol cheaper than four-star, thereby driving people—another pun, I am afraid—to have catalytic converters.
My noble friend John Gummer introduced the landfill tax, and the first hypothecated environmental tax in our country.
It was a Conservative Government who introduced the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, and a Conservative Government who put through the environment Acts of 1986, 1995 and 2021.
The Clean Air Act 1956 was introduced by a Conservative Government.
Excellent work was done by former colleagues in this House, such as Michael Gove, Rebecca Pow and others, who took these issues seriously, made the case, and we legislated.
The right hon.
Gentleman outlined articulately how Government legislation can make a positive difference to our environment.
Does he agree that as well as a relentless focus on housing targets, we should also have targets for amenities and for nature and green spaces, so that we can achieve lots of objectives and support the aims of the Bill?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, and I wanted to echo the point raised by the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds.
I note the word “or”, but I like the word “and”.
Indeed, I will share with the House that I am on a particularly stringent January diet.
It is slightly working, I think, but there is still a long way to go.
Ask any member of my family, and they would say, “Now Simon, would you like custard or cream?”
and my eyebrows would shoot up at the word “or”, as I much prefer “and”.
The hon.
Lady was right: climate and nature are two sides of the same coin, and have a close, interwoven symbiotic relationship.
I say to  the hon.
Member for Didcot and Wantage (Olly Glover)  in response to his intervention, again echoing the hon.
Member for Norwich South, that of course we must have growth, but too often the didacts from both sides of the debate say that it is either/or: we can either have a biodiverse natural environment and address climate change, or we can have growth, but we cannot have both.
Well, it depends first on what type and kind of policies we pursue when addressing CO2 emissions and the drive to net zero, but also on what   type of growth one has.
It must be a legitimate anxiety, but I am pretty confident that many people who elected the Labour party into government believed that they would get that fact: that the definition of “growth” needed to be reset in order to meet the challenges that we now face.
The Budget—I shall be charitable—did not quite land as the Chancellor of the Exchequer hoped or expected, and some of the economic indicators are not pointing in the direction that any Government would like to see.
I hope it will not fall on deaf ears—the two Ministers on the Front Bench have a long and respected track record in addressing these issues when they sat on the Opposition Benches, which I hope they will continue now that they sit on the Treasury Bench.
I hope that in order to prove this to people who are anxious about economic growth, and the fact that there does not appear to be very much, it will not be foot-to-the-floor growth of any type, anywhere, in order just to nudge the figures.
It has to be the right kind of growth, and sustainability has to be at its heart.
As my right hon.
Friend the Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich asked: is this Bill perfect?
No, and I do not think that the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds would claim perfection.
My right hon.
Friend said that he had never seen a private Member’s Bill that was perfect and beyond amendment; I have to say to him that in my nearly 10 years in this place, I have yet to see a Government Bill that could be described as perfect and without the possibility of improvement by amendment.
I say to my right hon.
and hon.
Friends: let us not sacrifice the good in pursuit of the excellent.
We have to make progress.
Are many of the issues addressed by the Bill difficult?
Yes, but what do we all usually say to our children?
“Things which are difficult are usually much more worthwhile seeking to attain than the easy, low-hanging fruit.”
Will the Bill come with costs?
Let us be frank: we must all be conscious that we have come through or are coming through a cost of living crisis, and inflation has eroded people’s ability to spend and fuel costs are high.
But to those who simplistically say, “Well, we can’t afford to do this; now is not the right time in the economic cycle,” I say, with the greatest of politeness:
if not now, when?
I do not believe that we can afford not to do this.
Failure to do so would be the longest suicide note in history for our species.
On our coastline, there are places that are built below sea level—one thinks of Canvey Island—so this is not just something that is happening elsewhere, about which we should be slightly anxious but not at all concerned.
Rising sea levels and other changes will affect us here at home as well.
We need to be careful in our consideration of that.
For those who claim a driving concern about the need to control immigration, I say in all sincerity that I do not believe that one can divorce from that addressing the changes to our planet that climate change is introducing, as it will be a major spur for fellow members of our species to pack up their belongings, meagre or otherwise, and try to find a place of safety for themselves and their families, where they are able to grow a bit of food and sustain their lifestyles, meagre as they may be.
To those who say, “Hang on a moment, our emissions are not too bad, and we’ve got to look to China and everybody else,” I say: pollution does not respect  international boundaries.
It moves on the tides and the winds.
We have lulled ourselves into a false sense of security, because, in essence, we have exported the production of many of our commodities—needed, desired and wanted—overseas.
We have said, “Look, our manufacturing emissions have gone down,” but the production of those products is still creating emissions elsewhere.
There are some noble aims in the Bill that we should think about.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
To my neighbour from West Dorset?
Of course.