As an environmental campaigner for the past 22 years, it has sometimes been easy for me to fall into doomism.
Wild fires have ravaged Los Angeles, floods have devastated Valencia and the recently elected leader of the free world is urging us to “drill, baby, drill” in the name of making America great again, but I do not believe that   doomism is helpful.
Yes, the best time to take bold action on climate and nature would have been 50 years ago, but the second best time is now.
The Bill is very ambitious for a private Member’s Bill, but not ambitious enough for a climate and nature Bill.
It is not trying to be over-ambitious or pretending to be a silver bullet, but it aspires to answer the question: from where we are now, what is the right next step to take?
The Bill’s guiding principle is that we have a duty to be good ancestors.
Now that we know what we know about the impact that human activity is having on the liveability of our planet, how do we strike the right balance between present and future thriving?
How do we ensure that we are not stealing health, wealth and wellbeing from generations not yet born?
While we enrich our lives, how do we ensure we do not impoverish future lives?
What do we want our legacy to be—a world with a strip mine next to a rubbish tip next to a shopping mall, or a world with clean air and drinkable rivers, regenerated soils and vibrant oceans, teeming with wildlife and alive with birdsong?
As I speak, I am looking around to spot my three young friends in the Gallery—Polly, Amber and Bobby from Gloucestershire youth climate group.
I spoke to the group recently and, by chance, bumped into them on the train into London this morning.
When I was their age, I was blissfully ignorant of the looming environmental crisis: they do not have that luxury.
They, and the rest of their generation, will face the consequences of our choice here today.
I want to be able to look into their eyes after today’s debate and feel proud that this House rose to the challenge, that we did what was necessary, rather than what was politically expedient, and that we pledged to protect their future.
What is in the Climate and Nature Bill?
The Bill has been drafted by world-leading climate scientists, ecologists and conservationists, and aims to deliver an integrated plan to tackle the twin climate and nature crises.
It would bring massive benefits for local communities, including my constituents in the South Cotswolds: improving the air we breathe; giving us clean water to drink, swim and row in; revitalising local populations of cherished wildlife, such as voles, otters, kingfishers and shrews; and providing cheap energy bills, warmer homes, green jobs, better food and happier lives.
The Bill would create a joined-up strategy for the UK to tackle the interconnected climate and nature crises together.
It is the only proposed or actual piece of legislation to create the link between the UK’s responses to climate change and nature loss.
We cannot solve one without tackling the other.
We risk making each crisis worse if they are tackled in silos, so the Bill supports a whole-of-Government approach to prevent the issues becoming siloed.
Everything in nature is connected with everything else in nature, but sadly not everything in Government is connected with everything else in Government, but it needs to be.
Housing, transport and even health are inter-related with climate and nature, so we need a strategy that transcends departmental boundaries.
The CAN Bill would enshrine international commitments made by the UK into national legislation to cut emissions and to restore nature by 2030, as outlined in the global biodiversity framework.
The Bill would bring the UK public along with that agenda via a climate and nature   assembly, which is key to ensuring that all voices from across our country are heard, enabling workers to transition to low-carbon jobs and ensuring vulnerable communities are protected.
It provides for a fair and just transition that does not come at the expense of the rest of the world.
For centuries Britian prospered by exploiting resources overseas: animal, vegetable, mineral and human.
The Bill requires the accounting for our environmental footprint to be honest, taking into account the carbon emissions and impacts on nature that are incurred overseas in producing the goods and services that we enjoy.
It is disingenuous to offshore most of our manufacturing, and then congratulate ourselves for having reduced our environmental impact.
I am delighted to say that the Bill has a long history of being supported by the party now in government.
I trust that their ecological concern while in opposition has survived their transition into power, as they are now in a position to act on their pledges.
Labour Members may try to tell us that His Majesty’s Government are already doing everything that is in the Bill, but looking at the metrics, we are still far adrift of where we need to be.
Ultimately, our future will not be determined by our strategies and intentions—nature cares only about results.
The Office for Environmental Protection recently published its progress report on the Government’s environmental improvement plan.
It found that the Government are largely off track in achieving their legal environmental commitments.
I acknowledge that this Government have been in power for less than seven months, so I do not hold them entirely responsible for that state of affairs.
But I struggle to see how expanding our airports by approving two new runways will help them get back on track.
The OEP assessment shows that on their current trajectory the Government will meet only four of their 40 environmental targets.
The “State of Nature” report 2023 showed that nearly one in six species are at risk of being lost from Great Britian, and the UK now has less than half its biodiversity remaining.
Out of the wildlife habitats assessed, only one in seven were found to be in good condition.
Only one in 14 woodlands and a quarter of peatlands were in good ecological state.
None of the seafloor around the UK was in good condition.
Just 44% of woodland is sustainably managed, and only half of fish stocks are sustainably harvested.
It is my view that the Government need to prioritise three things.
The first is support for nature-friendly farming.
Around 70% of land in England is used for agriculture.
Supporting farmers to manage their land in a nature-friendly way will deliver significant environmental improvement at scale.
The key stewards of our landscape for hundreds of years have been our farmers: no one has done more to make our countryside as beautiful as it is or has a bigger stake in protecting its health for the future.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the path to net zero and sustainable local food production lies through our farming community, with the support provided by the Bill?
If we are to get the best from  our farmers, it is time to use rather more carrots and fewer sticks.
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
Reports by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs show that nature-friendly farming schemes can be a major pathway for first halting, and then reversing, the decline in species abundance, as well as delivering the majority of habitat creation needed to meet the UK Government’s nature and climate targets.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech, and I congratulate her on bringing forward this important legislation.
Like many farms in Glastonbury and Somerton, Camel Hill farm’s focus on regenerative farming has improved soil quality and nature loss.
However, the farming budget has seen a real-term funding cut after inflation since 2007, leaving farmers trying to restore nature with reduced support.
Order.
If we are to get Members in—we all see how many are present in the Chamber—interventions will have to be short and not pre-prepared speeches.
There is plenty of time for those who have put their names down to speak.
Members should not use up the time of the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds for her opening.