Kent county council plans to introduce 10,000 on-street car chargers over the next decade.
To put that in context, Kent has a population of 1.6 million people.
At this rate, Kent will have burned down by the time we all have electric on-street car charging.
What can the Secretary of State do to speed this up?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important issue.
Rolling out electric car infrastructure is incredibly important.
If he writes to my Department, we will ensure that he gets the best possible reply.
Will Ministers consider exercising the community electricity right within the Infrastructure Act 2015 to require commercial renewable energy developers to offer communities the opportunity to part-own schemes developed in their area?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
As an energy nerd, I am really interested in this 2015 power, which, despite my nerdery, I did not actually know about.
We are actively looking at this really important power, which was put in place by the previous Government.
In response to a written question to me last week, the Minister confirmed that no nationally significant infrastructure projects have been consented to that will use greater than 50% best and most versatile agricultural land.
In my constituency, the East Park Energy solar farm is close to 75%, but the overarching national policy statement for energy states at paragraph 5.11.34: “The Secretary of State should ensure that applicants do not site their scheme on the best and most versatile agricultural land without justification.”
Can the Minister confirm whether nearly 1,500 acres of best and most versatile land is too much good-quality agricultural land to sacrifice?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that any nationally significant project goes through a proper planning process, and it would not be right for me to comment on that.
None the less, I am sure that the decision makers will be looking closely at the issues that he has raised.
There is to be a much reduced testing process for oil at the import terminal at Grangemouth.
Is the Secretary of State concerned that, if imported oil does not pass these reduced tests, it cannot be used, leading to Scotland suffering a fuel shortage?
Throughout the seven months that we have been in government, we have been doing everything we can to work with the operators of the Grangemouth refinery.
Of course we were disappointed by its closure.
We have carried out a number of pieces of work on fuel security.
We are not concerned about that at this point, but, across the whole country, we keep constantly it under review.
Although the Leader of the Opposition thinks that achieving net zero is impossible without “bankrupting us”, investment in low carbon energy for communities such as Severn Beach in my constituency could create valuable skilled jobs.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that the area around the River Severn will get the investment that it needs to realise its potential?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right on that.
The Opposition are off to the “Wacky Races” when it comes to net zero.
We in the Labour party know the truth: net zero is the economic opportunity of the 21st century and, under this Government, we will seize it.
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage is the central plank of the Humber 2030 vision.
Does the Secretary of State have any plans to meet the Humber Energy Board, and if he does not will he join me in doing so?
I talk every day to my hon.
Friend about her constituency and I am very happy to meet whoever she wants me to, because we think this is an incredibly important matter.
The opportunities for her area and the Humber are great if we can harness the talents of the people in her constituency.
Requiring developers to include solar panels in all new homes and buildings would be extremely popular with the public and help deliver net zero targets.
Can the Secretary of State give an update on his discussions with the Secretary   of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, including those on mandatory solar as part of the future homes and buildings standard?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
We are actively working on that in government.
Whatever one’s view on ground-mounted solar—we in the Labour party think that it has a role—we do need solar panels on rooftops.
It is an important opportunity.
While we are about it, perhaps the hon.
Gentleman can start supporting our plans on planning and infrastructure so that we can build the clean energy infrastructure that we need.