Tackling climate change should matter to all of us because it affects all of us.
At COP29, the UK led the way on setting strong climate targets.
How is the Minister ensuring that measures are in place to track progress against our COP commitments?
How is she working with businesses, local authorities and industry to deliver on those targets and drive investment?
My hon.
Friend is right: we earn the credibility that enables us to show international leadership by delivering at home.
In due course we will publish a cross-economy plan for meeting our climate targets, which will outline the policies that are needed to meet our 2035 nationally determined contribution, and we are engaging with a range of stakeholders on delivery through, for instance, the Net Zero Council, which has a very busy work programme, and the local net zero delivery group.
What assessment has the Minister made of the COP29 commitment to tripling finance for developing countries from the previous goal of $100 billion to $300 billion a year by 2035, and what is the United Kingdom’s contribution to that sum?
It is always a pleasure to answer questions from the hon.
Member.
We remain committed to international climate finance, and to the new climate finance goal agreed at COP29.
The level of the UK’s contribution will be considered in the spending review, when we will also consider how we can maximise investment from the private sector.
What steps he is taking to support the development of carbon capture and storage technology.
What steps he is taking to support the development of carbon capture and storage technology.
The £21.7 billion of funding to which we committed in October will kick-start the carbon capture, usage and storage industry, supporting thousands of jobs in our industrial heartlands through the east coast and HyNet clusters.
We continue to engage with important future projects, such as Acorn in Scotland and Viking in the Humber, and we will make further announcements following the spending review.
As my right hon.
Friend will recognise, Merseyside is a clean energy pioneer, a hub of carbon capture and hydrogen technology.
The climate emergency is the challenge of our generation, and that challenge  will be met only through the collective endeavour of communities across our country, including mine in Wirral West.
How are the Government helping our communities to deliver good, local energy projects?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right about this.
We have learned over the last decade and more that this is the biggest jobs opportunity of the 21st century.
Nowhere is that more true than in the investments we are making in carbon capture, usage and storage, and I am confident that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will benefit.
A couple of weeks ago, the Confederation of British Industry produced an important report that showed that last year, the net zero economy grew three times faster than the economy as a whole.
The House should let that sink in, because it tells us that if we turn our back on the net zero economy, we turn our back on business, jobs and investment.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is huge potential for carbon capture and storage to play a key role in our green energy ambitions for Scotland?
As we look towards the spending review, does he agree that the Acorn project presents an excellent and efficient opportunity to invest in CCUS, and to reduce the carbon impact of industries across Scotland, because it will repurpose existing pipelines?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend.
He is a fantastic advocate for the Acorn project, of which we are hugely supportive.
Track 1 projects were agreed in last year’s Budget—a fiscal event, a fiscal moment—and the Government are considering those projects ahead of the next phase of the spending review, which will come in June; but I do not think that anyone doubts the potential value of the Acorn project, not just to Scotland but to the whole United Kingdom.
No one who cares about the future of our children and our grandchildren will gainsay the importance of carbon capture, but does the Secretary of State not understand that he is undermining that good work—notwithstanding his answer to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertsmere (Sir Oliver Dowden) —by continuing to subsidise the Drax power station, which is cutting down forests in Canada, turning the wood into pellets, and shipping it thousands of miles across the Atlantic to burn here?
That makes nonsense of what he is trying to achieve.
I do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman, for whom I have great respect.
The situation that we inherited from the last Government meant that we had to consider matters such as security of supply and how we could secure the best deal for bill payers.
That is what we did, and that is why we made the statement that we made on Drax.
On longer term, however, the right hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
We need to move away from unabated biomass and consider all the possibilities to enable us to move towards net zero, and that is what this Government are doing.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the six students from Bourne community college who came to Westminster yesterday to present their report on the future of hydrogen storage as a net zero approach to aviation?
Does he  agree that students engaging with science, technology, engineering and mathematics are excited about the potential of clean power and carbon capture, and that proper funding for STEM in our schools will provide us with the next generation of scientists and engineers who can help us to achieve these goals?
I join the hon.
Lady in warmly congratulating the six students from her constituency whom she mentioned.
I am sure that I speak for all Members of the House when I say that when we meet young people who are engaged in the potential of clean energy technology to transform our country and our world, it is an incredibly important reminder, both about its potential for jobs, and about our duties to future generations.