Whether he is taking steps to maintain the role of nuclear energy within his energy security strategy.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
Nuclear power is at the heart of our mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower.
It is not just providing energy security, but driving billions of pounds in investment and creating thousands of highly skilled jobs.
Great British Nuclear is on track to make final decisions on its  small modular reactor competition this spring, while a final investment decision on Sizewell C will be made in the spending review.
Whether one agrees with the Government’s net zero targets or not, they will not be able to achieve them without nuclear energy playing a significant role, which is why I was delighted that the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State chose to launch their nuclear strategy in my constituency—I can only assume that my invite was lost in the post.
A key part of the nuclear fuel strategy is the nuclear fuel industry in this country.
From the aggressive actions of Russia and other countries that have pushed western commercial providers out and dominated elements of the nuclear fuel enrichment and manufacturing market, we see that it is ever more important for our national security that we develop whole-of-lifecycle nuclear fuel production.
When will the Government announce the concrete steps that they will take, as part of the strategy, to improve the whole-of-lifecycle manufacturing of nuclear power?
He needs an Adjournment debate.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
The Prime Minister, the Secretary of State and, indeed, the Minister for nuclear in the other place have visited the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and seen the good work that is happening there, and just shy of £20 million from Government grants has gone into that work to help develop nuclear fuels, which will be part of the future.
The big nuclear developments at Sizewell and Hinkley, SMRs and advanced modular reactors all need to be in the mix, and he is absolutely right to make that point.
Many of my constituents were pleased to see the extension of Heysham 1 and 2 late last year, and they would like long-term jobs for the future in the nuclear industry created in the north-west.
Does the Minister agree that it is thanks to this Labour Government that we are ending the last Government’s legacy of no new nuclear being built?
I completely agree.
The Conservative party built no new nuclear in 14 years.
Small modular reactors will bring energy efficiency and economic growth to many parts of this country.
We are working at pace and will make sure that we have the answer on SMRs shortly.
We will have the answer on Sizewell in the spending review, and of course nuclear will play a big role in the future.
Small modular reactors, as the Minister says, will play an important part in delivering clean, cheap and secure energy across this country.
However, current rules require that any reactor must apply for regulatory justification, as if nuclear power was an entirely new practice instead of an existing one.
That delays reactors getting online and lowering energy bills for people across the country, including in Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket, by up to two years.
Will the Secretary of State consider working with his Cabinet colleagues to simplify the system and recognise that nuclear energy technology is an existing practice, thereby accelerating the deployment of small modular reactors?
Another Adjournment debate.
I will happily investigate further the issue that my hon.
Friend has raised.
There are two pieces of work going on in this space: the draft nuclear planning policy statement and the nuclear regulatory taskforce.
We want to make things as easy as we can, and I am very happy to talk to him further.
Small modular nuclear reactors are clearly the way forward for decarbonising the grid but are held up by constant delays.
When does the Minister expect to be able to announce the first one to be brought into operation, and when does she expect it to actually start work?
I am hoping that it will take less than the 14 years in which the previous Government failed to deliver anything.
We will see the announcements on the first SMR in the spring.
Our door is open to anyone who wants to suggest building new nuclear in this country.