My hon.
Friend speaks with great expertise about these issues.
She will know that the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , put in place with the energy companies £500 million this winter to help families struggling with their bills.
We also want to see Ofgem proceed with the plan to relieve the debts that many families face, because the debt overhang from the cost of living crisis that we saw after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine still blights many families in our country.
If we move forward on all those fronts, we can tackle these issues.
I strongly support all efforts to increase energy efficiency and bring down bills.
Is the Secretary of State concerned about the potential unforeseen consequences of raising the minimum level of energy performance certificates to C for long-term rented accommodation but not doing so for short-term lets and owned properties?
Will that not create an incentive in communities such as ours for people to go to Airbnb or second home ownership, rather than providing affordable homes for local people?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
I believe I am right in saying—I was checking with the Minister for Energy Consumers—that as part of the consultation on energy efficiency, we are looking at the issue of short-term lets, which has been raised in the past.
He is right to draw attention to what we are doing here, because this measure, which the last Government proposed and then backed away from—a pattern we are seeing quite a lot at the moment—will take up to 1 million families out of poverty.
It is a basic principle: if someone is renting a home and they pay their rent  on time, they have a right to live in decent, warm accommodation.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the cost of decarbonising the electricity grid by 2030.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the cost of decarbonising the electricity grid by 2030.
Our clean power mission will end our dependence on volatile fossil fuel markets, giving the British people the energy security they deserve and driving jobs and investment into our communities.
We are already seeing the impact of the clean energy transition, with thousands of jobs being created across the country in CCUS—carbon capture, usage and storage—hydrogen and offshore wind, and more nationally significant solar power being approved in eight months than the previous Government managed in 14 years.
The London power tunnels project has been a positive story locally in Bexley, as National Grid has worked with the community to minimise disruption with a plan to restore the site.
However, the Labour Government’s planning reforms have led developers to propose two extensive industrial battery storage facilities on a nature conservation area and farmland locally in Bexley that do not meet fire safety guidance.
While we need infrastructure, does the Minister agree that weakening green belt protections against residents’ wishes and damaging nature in the process to meet Labour’s unrealistic grid targets will result in bad developments in inappropriate places?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman draws attention to the London power tunnels.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I have visited them recently and they are a fantastic example of engineering and of what we can achieve if we set ambitious targets in this area.
I gently disagree with the hon.
Gentleman on the wider point, however, as we are going to have to build infrastructure across the country to get the benefits of the renewable energy that we are generating, and battery storage is important for that.
Of course communities have a voice through the planning system and it would be wrong for me to comment on individual applications, but the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues must remember that we cannot simply block every infrastructure project that needs to be built.
We need to build for the economic growth of the country and for our energy security.
Once again the Minister has failed to answer the question about the cost estimate, but we do know that the Government’s dogma-driven 2030 target will drive up costs and that we will see pylons and substations imposed in Walpole in my constituency and across the country against the wishes of local people.
That will damage our countryside and it relies on Chinese supply chains, which the Energy Secretary visited only over the weekend.
When will the Government realise that their approach of ruling out underground options and attempting to buy off local communities on the cheap, rather than listening to them, will only drive opposition to their plans?
Once again, we hear from Conservative Members about all these grand plans that they wish they had done in the 14 years that they were in government.
They could have moved forward on undergrounding if they were so keen on it, but of course they did not.
The  reality is that it is for individual companies, not us, to set forward the design of individual projects, and cost estimates for undergrounding are five or 10 times more expensive.
The bottom line on all of this is that the leader of the hon.
Member’s party earlier today moved away from the commitments that she had made on net zero.
Just a few years ago, she said that “Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has made it clear that relying on authoritarian regimes” can make it “harder…to heat our homes”.
They recognised then the importance of this net zero transition; now they are running away from how we deliver on it.