My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue.
Patience is not my greatest virtue, but Members will need to wait until the spring statement for the OBR’s full assessment of individual measures and the savings they make.
On delaying access to the health top-up for people under 22, there will be a specific  exemption for those who are never able to work because their disability is so severe.
This is all about matching it with our youth guarantee, announced in the Get Britain Working plan, to make sure every young person is earning or learning.
If someone is not in education, employment or training when they are young, the impact can be lifelong and scarring on their health, job prospects and earnings, so we have to put that right.
How precisely will these benefit cuts be realised, given this Government’s anti-business Budget, which has seen businesses close at the fastest rate since Labour was last in office?
Of those still standing, 30% are planning to cut staff to cope with the increase in employers’ national insurance contributions.
Where are the jobs?
We know Labour is the party of the magic money tree; is Labour now the party of the magic jobs tree, too?
The only party that believes in magic money is the Conservative party, who wrote a cheque that they could not pay.
Unlike Conservative Members, we believe that good work and rights at work are of benefit to businesses, because the best businesses know that they help retain people and reduce the costs of recruitment.
We are overhauling our approach in the DWP to employers, because only one in six ever uses a jobcentre to recruit.
We want to have a single account manager for all businesses.
We are going to make sure our jobcentres are much more embedded in their local communities, so that they have detailed knowledge of individual employers.
That is the way that we get Britain working and growing again.
When the Government made the decision to go down this route, did they understand the pain and difficulty that it will cause millions of our constituents who are using food banks and social supermarkets?
These people are on the brink.
This £5 billion cut is going to impact them more than her Department gives credence to.
I would like to be able to look my constituents in the eye and tell them that this is going to work for them.
As things stand, my constituents, my friends and my family are very angry about this, and they do not think this is the kind of action that a Labour Government take.
I have great respect for my hon.
Friend, but let me say this to him.
I have spent years chairing Feeding Leicester, the programme to end hunger in my city, and I know that I can look my constituents in the eye and say to them: I know that getting more people into better paid jobs is the key to their future success, and I know that dealing with their mental health problems, which are so prevalent, is essential.
If someone can work, we will give them the help to get back on their feet, because that is the long-term route to tackling poverty and tackling inequality, which is what this Labour party is all about.
Like the Secretary of State, I was elected in 2010, and I need to tell her that our recollections differ.
When I came into this role, after 13 years of Labour government, 7.5% of young people in the Gosport constituency were not in education, employment or training.
That number was down to 3% last year.
Since Labour has taken office,  83,000 more people across this country of working age are now unemployed.
Businesses in the sectors that take on so many young people across our constituencies, from adult social care to childcare to hair and beauty, are telling me that they are not taking on more staff as a result of her Chancellor’s changes to national insurance contributions.
Surely the two are mutually incompatible.