Shortly after the election, in August, I met a couple of former teacher colleagues who were still in the profession, and they just looked broken.
It was really difficult to see, because they have been maths teachers for a long period of time.
When I first became a teacher, they inspired me to persevere, to reflect on the bad days and to have better lessons.
To see them so fed up and so disenchanted with being a teacher was really difficult, and we have to change that.
I emphasise again to the Minister that it is really important that we ensure that we support teachers’ mental health.
I was going to intervene on  the right hon.
Member for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds)  to ask him whether he recognises that happy and supported teachers lead to happy and supported young people, which is really important.
It is a pleasure to speak in this important debate and express my support for the Bill.
For far too long, school children have borne the brunt of academisation.
Fortunately, the Labour Government in Wales rejected this model, but, having been a teacher on the border for most of my working life and a national executive member of the NASUWT, I have seen at first hand the negative impact of academies becoming the default model, while local authorities have been sidelined.
Since the introduction of the Academies Act 2010, the freedom for academies and free schools to set their own pay, terms and conditions has led to the exploitation of teachers.
For example, teachers at Ark schools are expected to work 1,657 hours more annually than a maintained school teacher, while earning £7 less per hour.
The lack of national consistency not only allows these schools to undervalue and overwork staff but undermines basic rights such as pension schemes, maternity and sick pay.
Our Bill will tackle those disparities by extending the statutory pay and conditions framework to all teachers in academies, ensuring greater consistency and fairness between academies and maintained schools.
There is also the issue of admission policies.
Too many schools misuse their control over admissions to break with inclusive local authority policies, selecting what they consider to be a more favourable intake of students.
The Bill’s extension of the power to direct admissions to academies will ensure that local authorities can secure places for hard-to-place and vulnerable students, rather than allowing academies to exercise shameful selective admissions.
Furthermore, by ending academy presumption, the Bill takes a significant step towards increasing academy accountability, empowering local authorities to better serve the needs of their communities, particularly helping SEND students and reducing reliance on unaffordable independent providers.
I hope to see the severe disparity between teachers’ pay and the high salaries of academy CEOs reviewed and addressed in future education legislation.
We must ensure that funding is directed where it is most needed: to teaching and learning.
This Bill marks an historic first step towards creating an accountable and fair education system that will benefit all our children.
The Resolution Freedom has warned that as a result of cuts in PIP, 62,000 people could lose about £675 a month, with the poorest families hit the hardest.
Given that 870,000 children live in PIP-receiving households and 290,000 of them are already living below the poverty line, how can the Government justify pushing more disabled people and children into poverty rather than pursuing fairer alternatives, such as a 2% wealth tax on assets worth more than £10 million, which would raise £24 billion—five times as much as the suggested savings from the proposed cuts?
Is “austerity 2.0” really the change that people voted for?
I have to announce to the House that Mike Amesbury, the former Member for Runcorn and Helsby, has been granted the Chiltern hundreds.
The recall process would have begun once the time limit for all routes of appeal had been reached.
It is now no longer relevant, but for the convenience of the House, I will, as is customary, arrange for the notifications from the courts to be placed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Ordered, That on the 26th day of March 2025, the Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County constituency of Runcorn and Helsby, in the room of Michael Lee Amesbury, who since his election for the said County constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward and Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham in the County of Buckinghamshire.—(Sir Alan Campbell.)