Clean energy is one of the eight growth sectors in the industrial strategy and will provide a core part of that strategy.
If anybody wants to build new nuclear in this country, our door is always open.
Last month, with surprisingly little fanfare from the Department or the Secretary of State, the Climate Change Committee published carbon budget 7.
Among the more eyewatering recommendations was the figure put on the cost of meeting the obligations: £319 billion over the next 15 years.
Frontloading that will be a net cost to industry every year until 2050.
Is that exorbitant  cost the reason that he cancelled his Department’s review, commissioned by his predecessor, into the whole-systems cost of net zero?
I deeply regret the direction in which the hon.
Gentleman is going.
The Climate Change Committee does incredibly important work.
We will look at CB7, but the biggest cost we face as a country is if we do not act on the climate crisis.
That is what would leave hundreds of billions of pounds of costs to future generations.
The right hon.
Gentleman might be content with signing our energy sovereignty over to the People’s Republic of China, and he might be happy with his Government’s arbitrary targets and bans, pushing bills up and leaving us more reliant on importing and costing jobs, but we think it is time for a new approach, as the Leader of the Opposition said this morning, focused on security and cost to the consumer, not pie-in-the-sky targets with no plan to reach them.
Will he recommission the review into the whole-systems cost?
If not, what is he trying to hide?
It is the Tory party that has an energy surrender policy: surrendering us to fossil fuel markets controlled by petrostates and dictators.
The Tories would keep us locked in to fossil fuels, threaten billions of pounds of investment in net zero and leave our children and grandchildren a terrible legacy.
That is the Conservative party in 2025: anti-jobs, anti-growth, anti-business and anti-future generations.