The Government’s rush to decarbonise the grid means more hidden costs, more curtailment payments, more balancing payments, more subsidies and a higher carbon price.
Will the Minister guarantee that our carbon price will remain lower than the European price for the remainder of this Parliament?
I think the hon.
Gentleman knows more than anyone about the work that the previous Prime Minister Theresa May did in this area—work that his party is now moving away from rapidly.
The Conservatives were right then: the only way for us to bring down bills, deliver economic growth and tackle the economic opportunities is for us to be on this journey together.
Conservative Members used to strongly believe in that.
We will continue on that path because it is the right thing for the country to do.
That was a long-winded answer, but the Minister did not actually address the question, and I think he just gave away that it is Labour’s secret plan to increase the price of carbon—a massive rise in the carbon price—adding hundreds of pounds to families’ bills and decimating British industry.
Given Labour’s election promise to cut bills, will he take this moment—he can look up into the camera if he likes—to promise the country that by the next election bills will be lower, as Labour promised?
Yes or no?
Never mind long-winded answers—that was a very long-winded question.
I have not revealed any secret plans, but the Conservatives have revealed their not so secret plan, and I can tell the county that it is just as disappointing as the one the country rejected seven months ago.
We have been very clear that it is our commitment to bring down bills, and we are determined to deliver on that.
Unlike the Conservative party, which left consumers across the country exposed to volatile fossil fuel markets—the hon.
Gentleman is right to point out that bills went up and up and up when his party was in government—we will bring them down.
His party wants to take us back to the fossil fuel casino but we will not do that.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of the recipients of that pension.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of the recipients of that pension.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of the recipients of that pension.
This Labour Government have ended the historic injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
At the end of November last year, the first uprated payments for the pension scheme landed for over 100,000 miners and their families.
That is an average increase of 32% on their monthly payments, or an average additional £28 a week.