We are only partway there on the pension injustice for miners.
The British Coal staff superannuation scheme has around 40,000 members  who formerly worked in mining industries, including a number of my constituents.
They include many women who were among the lowest paid in the coal industry—my own mum worked in the pit canteen.
Can I assure my constituents enrolled in the BCSSS that transferring the £2.3 billion investment reserves to its members is a priority for this Government?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that there are about 40,000 people in this scheme.
About 5,000 of them are women, unlike the mineworkers’ pension scheme, of which the vast majority of members are men.
The two schemes are different and operate in a different way, because in 2015 the BCSSS had run two deficits and was at risk, so there had to be an intervention from Government.
The two schemes operate differently and have to be looked at differently.
The Government Actuary’s Department team is working its way through the mineworkers’ pension process, and we are now working with officials on this issue.
I am meeting officials later today to talk about it more to see what we need to do.
I stress that this is very complex—we are talking about billions of pounds-worth of assets—but we are absolutely receptive to calls from the trustees, and I will meet with them again soon.
What progress he has made on achieving clean power by 2030.
We are driving forward at speed to deliver clean power by 2030.
Last week, the Government introduced the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, which will enable the biggest expansion of the grid for generations, sweeping away the connection delays and the queue that held us back for too long under the last Government and reforming the planning system to speed up delivery.
We have also laid out for the first time legislation to provide households near new or upgraded pylons £250 a year off their energy bills for 10 years, as part of our commitment to delivering meaningful benefits for communities hosting clean energy infrastructure.
Does the Secretary of State agree that community energy has a vital role to play in the transition to cleaner and greener power?
Will he accept an invitation to come to my constituency in north London to visit Community Energy Barnet, which is working on one of the largest community energy projects in the country?
I always like visiting north London, and I would very much like to accept an invitation from my hon.
Friend.
He makes a really serious and important point about community energy.
If we look at Germany and Denmark, we see that they have done much better on community energy than us.
Great British Energy has an important role to play in this, and we will say more about that in the coming weeks.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern about reports of persistent misconduct by Drax, regarding cutting down old-growth forest and burning it at its power station?
To be clear,  this is a company that chops down pristine forest, ships it halfway across the world to burn it in the United Kingdom and claims that it is sustainable.
Will he look again at the large amounts of subsidies that have been approved by this Government for that company?
I do not know whether the right hon.
Gentleman, for whom I have great respect, was present when the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , made a statement on precisely that issue.
On the impact on bills, he will be delighted to know that under the new arrangements that this Government agreed, there has been an absolute transformation in the scale of subsidy to Drax; it will be halved.
There is also a windfall tax when its profits go above a certain level, which I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman is in favour of, and there are much higher standards of sustainability.
He is right that we should take these issues seriously.
The Conservative party abandoned the economy, the NHS, the justice system and immigration, and now it is joining its Reform collaborators and other climate change deniers in the dunce’s corner.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, unlike this Government, who recognise the triple benefit of the 2030 goal—energy security, a transition to renewables, and job creation—the Conservative party has no solutions for 21st century Britain?
My hon.
Friend should not be so shy and retiring.
He makes a really important point.
I listened to the interim shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , on the radio this morning.
He made net zero 2050 sound like a target dreamed up by me, but it is not.
It was Theresa May, the former Conservative Prime Minister, who legislated for net zero by 2050.
The hon.
Member was her Parliamentary Private Secretary at the time—he was supposed to be the man implementing it.
She set the target because it was the right thing to do, so that we can have cleaner home-grown energy, get the jobs, and protect future generations.
The plans for a green generator at the Peterhead power station in my constituency are shovel-ready, but they depend on approval for the Acorn project at St Fergus.
On  12 November  last year, the Minister for Industry stated in response to a question from me that more information would be available on the track 2 projects “in the coming months.”
Given that four months have passed, can the Secretary of State provide an updated timescale and outline what the next steps will be?
I support the Acorn project; it is really important.
For reasons that the hon.
Member will understand, the right time to make decisions will be at the spending review in June.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers.
We know that people are worried about their energy bills, and that too many are struggling to afford them.
We agreed £500 million of industry support, alongside our warm home discount, to ensure that £1 billion of support was available for households struggling with their energy bills this winter.
We will continue to take action to support consumers in the short term, as we sprint towards clean power in order to bear down on energy bills for good.
In my constituency, a local hospitality business’s energy provider, E.ON, has behaved appallingly by back-billing and incorrectly billing, leaving that business nearly bankrupt.
While I welcome the new expanded remit of the Energy Ombudsman, we need to ensure that it has the capacity and powers that it needs to protect businesses.
Would the Minister meet me to discuss this case, and what are the Government doing to ensure that our local businesses are not driven to bankruptcy by the outrageous behaviour of energy suppliers?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this case.
However, there are clear rules in place to protect consumers from unfair back-billing, and energy companies must comply with those rules.
I have met Energy UK, the industry body, and Ofgem to reinforce our expectation that if rules are not complied with, Ofgem will take enforcement action.
The broader point is that we have to ensure that the energy market is working for consumers and is fair.
We are reviewing Ofgem to ensure that it has the mandate, the duties and the powers—including the Energy Ombudsman—that it needs to be an effective and strong consumer champion.
For the record, I and my constituents are proud of the southern North sea development—the largest wind farm in the world, begun under the last Government.
However, we are not happy about this Government’s rush to force our consumers to pay higher bills; to see, as a result of vast subsidies, farmers in a very important agricultural area of Norfolk farming solar panels, rather than the food that we need to ensure affordability and our security; and to abandon agricultural leadership on net zero.
Can the Minister reassure my consumers that £250 is adequate compensation for higher bills and the defoliation of a large part of Norfolk?
That is what has happened in the rush towards ill-thought-out net zero targets, set in London, without any consideration of local people.
The past few years have shown us why we must break our reliance on global fossil fuel markets.
Under the hon.
Gentleman’s Government’s watch, energy prices spiralled, and consumers across the country paid the price.
That is a reality that Opposition Members were happy with, but it is not a reality that we think is tenable, so we will sprint to clean power, because that is the route by which we achieve energy security for the country, and financial security for families.
We are on the right side of history, and on the side of consumers.
Opposition Members are deluded.
In Blackpool, we have more than 250 charities that are doing incredible work supporting people with their mental health, in  getting back to work, and also with the cost of living, but too many people tell me, week in, week out, that they cannot afford to pay the bills.
What conversations has the Minister had with energy companies about supporting these charities?
Will she agree to meet me to discuss this important issue?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: charities and third-sector organisations play a vital role in getting support to households, which we know are struggling with bills.
Part of the reason we thought it was so important to agree £500 million of industry support was to make sure that we got additional support to households.
We are also consulting on extending our warm home discount to 2.7 million more households, so that more than 6 million people get help.
We will work with the energy sector to make sure that we use the vital network of charities to get that support to the households that need it.
The price of gas is some 20% lower than it was at the beginning of this year, and the Secretary of State promised that bills would come down.
Can the Government say when bills will come down for consumers, given that they are going up by 6% on  1 April ?
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to check his facts.
The price cap went up, which was disappointing for families, because of the spike in wholesale prices.
That is because of our reliance on global fossil fuel markets.
[Interruption.]
I will say it incredibly slowly for him, so he can understand: it is because of our reliance on global fossil fuel markets.
We must break that reliance.
We have to wean ourselves off this rollercoaster of price spikes and price falls, which is harming consumers across the country.
The sprint to clean power will achieve that.
It is a shame that he cannot see that.