This is not just a question of money.
We have 3 million people of working-age who are not in work due to ill health, not filling the roles businesses need, not contributing to our economy and not fulfilling their own potential.
The best way to get the welfare bill down is to get people off benefits and into work.
That is what we did year after year after taking office in 2010.
Despite the once-in-a-century pandemic, 4 million more people were in employment when we left office than when we inherited Labour’s mess.
Before the pandemic, economic inactivity was at an historic low, but it is true that we then started to see a new phenomenon: growing numbers of people, and—particularly worryingly—young people, claiming sickness benefits.
A system set up with good intentions to protect the most vulnerable in society has over time morphed into something broader, driven in part by a well-intentioned but not always helpful medicalisation of life’s ups and downs.
In government, we identified the problem and worked up plans to tackle it, but at every point Labour Members opposed them.
In fact, the now Chancellor said that not one single penny could be saved from benefits.
When they came into office, not only did they cancel or delay pretty much everything we handed over, but they had no plans of their own.
They walked into the Department with empty notebooks.
All they had done in opposition was oppose, instead of the hard work of coming up with their own answers.
That is why the country has had to wait another eight months for this announcement.
In that time, taxpayers have shelled out £7 billion in extra sickness benefits, and nearly half a million people have been signed off sick.
In fact, 60 people were signed on to sickness benefits while the Secretary of State was talking.
None the less, I have been looking forward to hearing what the right hon.
Lady would announce today and which of the many things briefed to the media her spinning policy wheel would eventually land on.
Governing is hard—we know that.
In the last few weeks, the Government have made it look really hard, but that is nothing compared with how hard life can be for a severely disabled person, somebody for whom getting up, getting dressed and getting breakfast—things most of us found easy this morning—are hard if not impossible.
For some people, the last few weeks have been deeply frightening.
They will be glad of the uncertainty finally ending.
I genuinely want the right hon.
Lady to succeed, and I welcome her commitment today to increasing the number of reassessments and to having more of them face to face and recorded.
I welcome the investment in employment support for disabled people.
I welcome, of course, her reannouncing a host of things that we were doing in government.
Scrapping the work capability assessment and creating a single assessment is already Government policy that is due to come in in 2026-27.
Her big idea seems to be to delay that until 2028.
Merging new-style jobseeker’s allowance and employment and support allowance into a new time-limited higher rate is a proposal that we worked up in government.
We launched a consultation on tightening up eligibility for PIP and, by the way, we would have gone much further  with that.
We consulted on ending reassessments for people whose health conditions will not improve, and the right to try guarantee sounds remarkably similar to our chance to work guarantee.
Of course, on the Secretary of State’s continued support for WorkWell, I launched that programme with the now shadow Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) .
In fact, the only original idea I can see in the entire announcement is increasing the rate of unemployment benefits—a Labour policy if ever I have heard one.
This is a now-or-never chance to seize the moment—a now or never for millions of people who will otherwise be signed off for what could end up being a lifetime on benefits—but today’s announcement leaves me with more questions than answers.
How many people will be helped back into work and by when?
Surely we have not been waiting eight months for just another Green Paper.
Where is the fit note reform crucial to stem the flow of people on to benefits?
Where is the action on people being signed off sick for the everyday ups and downs of life?
Why is the right hon.
Lady planning to save only £5 billion when the bill is forecast to rise to over £100 billion?
Do the savings she is announcing today include the £5 billion we had already agreed with the OBR for reforming the work capability assessment?
If so, she has made virtually no savings of her own.
What is the net saving given the additional expenditure planned?
Fundamentally, this is too little, too late.
The fact is that £5 billion just does not cut it with a bill so big going up so fast.
She needed to be tougher.
She should be saying, “No more hard-working taxpayers funding the family next-door not to work, no free top-of-the-range cars for people who do not need them, no more sickfluencers helping people to claim money they do not need.”
Before the right hon.
Lady puts on her angry voice and leans across the Dispatch Box to shout at me about “14 years”, I gently say to her that everybody in this Chamber and around the country knows that we lost and Labour won.
Her job now is to govern and mine is to hold her to account.
Our country needs everybody who can work to do so.
That principle should be at the heart of our welfare system.
It is good for the taxpayer, good for the economy and good for the individual and their family, who benefit from security, dignity and purpose that work brings, and it means that those who genuinely cannot work get the support that they deserve.
The fact is that fewer people work under Labour.
That has happened every time Labour has been in office, and it is already happening now.
The Government should have taken their time in opposition to come  up with meaningful reforms, but they did not, and the country is already paying the price.
I personally like the hon.
Lady a great deal, but her entire response seemed to be railing against her own party’s failings and lamenting action that her party failed to take.
“Too little, too late,” will indeed be the epitaph of the Conservative party.
One thing on which I agree with her that this is a now-or-never moment, and I am proud that this Government are taking it.
We are taking decisive action, ducking the challenges that have been ignored for too long.
I am not interested in being tough.
This is about real people with real lives, and we must be careful in how we talk about it.
I am interested in taking the right steps   to change the system in order to transform people’s lives and, crucially, ensure that we have a social security system that lasts.
One in three of us will have a health condition in our lifetime, and one in four is disabled.
Unless the country, the welfare state, the world of work and all our public services wake up to that fact, the welfare state that the Labour party created will not be there for future generations.
That is what we are determined to secure.
This is a substantial package of measures that will save around £5 billion by 2029-30.
We will have to wait until the OBR comes up with its final costings on all this at the spring statement.
I leave hon.
Members with this: a decade ago, former Chancellor George Osborne said: “Governments…let…unemployed people get parked on disability benefits, and told they’d never work again.
Why?
Because people on disability benefits don’t get counted in unemployment figures that could embarrass politicians.”
The Labour party is not embarrassed about this situation; we are ashamed of the state the Tories left the country in.
We will face up to our responsibilities; it is time that Conservative Members did the same.