Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer First Class Charles Russo of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
PO1 Russo honorably served in the United States Navy during the Gulf War and Global War on Terrorism.
PO1 Russo has always been drawn to a career in public service.
He began his Navy career in 1990 onboard the USS Wisconsin battleship and the USS Papago ocean tug before advancing to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS).
Here, PO1 Russo worked as an Intelligence Specialist and Special Security Officer with a focus in counterterrorism.
Eventually, he was selected to serve as an AntiTerrorism Force Protection Officer.
PO1 Russo's work helped to strengthen and expand our intelligence community's efforts to investigate terrorism.
For his exceptional service, PO1 Russo was awarded multiple Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, the Armed Forces Service Medal with ``M'' device, and many others.
After his discharge in 2000, PO1 Russo was compelled to return to public service after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on our Nation.
As a Navy Reservist, he was mobilized to assist in constructing secure rooms capable of handling sensitive information.
He also had the opportunity to brief the Joint Chiefs of Staff on matters related to the Afghanistan War.
For many years after being discharged, PO1 Russo has continued to serve our nation in various capacities.
After some time in defense contracting, he became an FBI Intelligence Analyst.
In this role, he investigates white-collar crime, researches terrorist explosive devices, and fills intelligence gaps where they are needed.
I commend PO1 Russo's lifelong efforts to safeguard our national security and protect those who cannot defend themselves.
His selfless service has been nothing short of outstanding.
I am honored to represent PO1 Russo in Texas' 4th Congressional District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North Texas.