Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Amy Burton of Paris, Texas, and award her a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Lieutenant Burton honorably served in the United States Navy during the Afghanistan War.
Lieutenant Burton heeded the call of duty to serve her nation after narrowly avoiding a terrorist attack in Spain that claimed the lives of several American servicemembers.
Shortly after this tragedy, she enlisted in the Navy.
From 1988 to 2012, Lieutenant Burton provided dental services and training to troops.
Her duties took her around the world, including Sheppard Air Force Base, Camp Stone, Afghanistan, and Yokosuka, Japan.
In 2007, Lieutenant Burton served onboard the USS Bonhomme Richard assault ship as the Medical Administration Officer.
Her efforts helped ensure the troops under her supervision received adequate dental and medical care.
For her outstanding service, Lieutenant Burton was bestowed several Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, multiple Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, and many more awards.
Following her retirement in 2012, Lieutenant Burton has continued to make a tremendous impact in her community in numerous ways.
She worked with her local Department of Veteran Affairs to aid homeless veterans, assist in benefits claims, and provide important workforce training.
Lieutenant Burton also volunteers with Disabled American Veterans, American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Red River Valley Veterans Memorial to uplift and support those who made sacrifices in defense of our Nation.
Through her remarkable leadership and compassion for those in need, I am confident that Lieutenant Burton has improved the lives of many veterans.
I commend her for going the extra mile so that our men and women in uniform will never be overlooked.
I am honored to represent Lieutenant Burton in Texas' 4th Congressional District.
It is a pleasure to award her the Congressional Veteran Commendation for her service to our Nation and to the people of North Texas.