Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sally M. Caglia, whose commitment to maintaining her family's commercial legacy and philanthropic contributions has left an indelible mark in her community.
Born on April 20, 1947, Sally inherited the Italian work ethic, ingenuity, and family devotion from her Caglia lineage.
These values aligned well with her upbringing as Sally seized her opportunities and became the women, we all knew and loved, one who devoted her life to her family, her work, and traveling.
The family business was Sally's pride and joy.
Starting at a young age as a cashier at Orange Avenue Disposal and working as the Executive Assistant at the Electric Motor Shop, Sally worked tirelessly to ensure the viability and success of the Caglia family's commercial legacy.
Sally will be fondly remembered by all who knew her for her adventurous spirit; a passion for travel, fishing, and the arts; her devoted civic engagement; and for her love of leopard print and turquoise jewelry.
Sally was an avid traveler and some of her most memorable trips were to Australia, India, and Tanzania.
She went with The Rotary Club to Israel and to Palestine with the Catholic Church.
She visited Antarctica with the National Geographic ship.
She traveled all over the world to be with her globetrotting children and grandchildren.
Quick to laugh and always smiling, Sally never met a stranger.
She hosted numerous foreign exchange students and wayward travelers.
She was an avid supporter of higher educational pursuits of many local and international students.
The dedication to her family business reached its pinnacle when she was awarded the Leon S. Peters Award issued to business leaders who embody the spirit of service, community engagement, and the philanthropy of its namesake.
Sally was tremendously honored to have been the third member of her family to receive the award and often said that she just couldn't believe it.
There was no greater joy for her than being recognized for following in the footsteps of her beloved brother, Dick Caglia, and her father, Frank Caglia.
Sally's legacy is one shared with family, but her qualities as an individual were uniquely her own.
Beyond her professional accomplishments, she was involved in countless local and international organizations, charities, boards, and fund-raisers including the Cultural Arts Rotary Club, Cultural Arts District Association, Fresno/ Clovis Convention and Visitors Bureau Research and Development Board, the Fresno Chamber of Commerce, the City of Fresno Historic Preservation Commission, the Warnor's Center for the Performing Arts, Storyland and Jazz, the Shenzen Stroll, St. John's Cathedral annual carnival, the Italian museum at Fresno State, and the St. Elia Festival, to name only a few.
In her community, Sally will be remembered not only as a successful businesswoman and friend but also as a compassionate and caring individual.
She touched the lives of many with her kindness, warmth, and willingness to lend a helping hand.
Sally has finally reunited with her parents Frank and Florence Caglia and her brother Joseph Caglia.
Still, she is survived by her loving family including her four children, Noelle Iles, John Hester, Rebecca Darche Hester, and Andrea Olsen; her five grandchildren, India Iles, Ella Iles, Jack Hester, Jean Baptiste Hester-Dorbe and Sophia HesterDorbe; her siblings Dick Caglia, Vince Caglia, Mary Ann Caglia, Bernadette Boyle, and Rose Caglia, and countless cousins, and nieces and nephews.