daughters, Janet and Joan, to whom Albert was a wise and devoted father, just as his father had been to him.
He taught in the Electronics Department at Southern University for more than a decade before Albert and Annette decided to further their academic credentials at Arizona State University in Tempe.
Albert earned his M.S. in Technology in 1976 and a Ph.D. in 1980, and was quickly offered a permanent position as Associate Professor.
The family put down permanent roots in Mesa, where Albert would call home for the rest of his life.
One of only a small handful of Black professors at ASU, Dr. McHenry quickly rose through the ranks to become the university's Dean.
Under his leadership, enrollment in the college rose by 55 percent.
In the mid-1990s, ASU undertook an ambitious plan to convert the recently closed Williams Air Force Base into a new campus which would later become ASU Polytechnic.
Dr. McHenry became one of ASU Poly's two founding Deans, creating and directing the College of Technology and Applied Sciences in Southeast Mesa, which continues to thrive.
He retired in 2008, having risen to Executive Vice Provost and Vice President.
Dr. McHenry was great at many things, but being retired wasn't one of them, so he continued to serve the university as a parttime Research Professor Emeritus at the Hispanic Research Center until 2022.
Dr. McHenry was just as accomplished and impactful in his community service as he was in academia.
He was a charter member of the Gamma Mu Boule of Phoenix, served on the Mesa United Way and Mesa Senior Services boards, chaired the technology committee for the East Valley Partnership.
He was named the 2003 Mesa Man of the Year and presented the East Valley Partnership also Dwight Patterson Lifetime Achievement Award.
His lifetime love of music let him to form the McHenry Singers, a family gospel group that preformed at numerous community events.
Arizona owes a debt of gratitude to Dr. McHenry for his years of service to our community.
Thank you, and Godspeed.