In quick succession, the new Government have renewed unconditional funding for UNRWA, despite the Hamas links, and endorsed the International Criminal Court’s controversial case.
Following Hezbollah’s attacks at the weekend, will the Government reflect on the step-by-step abandonment of one of our closest allies in the middle east, and the potential impact that could have on continuing, rather than curtailing, conflict and delaying the peace settlement that we all want to see in the middle east?
There is absolutely no abandonment of our close ties and relationship with Israel, and it was hugely important for me to speak to both the Prime Minister and the President to reiterate that.
But in reflecting on the work of Madame Colonna and her report—I urge the right hon.
Gentleman to read that report and its recommendations—it was also right that we came forward with the funding, like all the rest of our international allies.
We did that with an extra £21 million, and I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that £1 million of that funding is to ensure that those recommendations are implemented to ensure the neutrality of UNRWA.
Following the recent rulings by the International Court of Justice, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that Israel complies with its international legal obligations?
My hon.
Friend has taken up these issues time and again in the House.
Let me make it clear that the expansion we have seen this year is entirely unacceptable—it is more than the last 20 years combined.
We are keeping these issues under review and, of course, I raised them with Prime Minister Netanyahu when I saw him in Israel.
Will the Government commit to do whatever they can to urgently secure an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, get the hostages home, and re-establish as soon as possible a dedicated peace process to set us on the path to a two-state solution, as raised by many of my hon.
Friends today, including my hon.
Friend the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)?
I think the hon.
Lady speaks for the whole House in the way that she put her comments, and I give her that undertaking.
What steps are being taken to support peace and human rights in Colombia?
The UK is the UN Security Council penholder for Colombia, so will the Minister say more about what steps the Government can take, or any new initiatives, to support the full implementation of the 2016 Colombian peace agreement?