My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that the Trade Secretary announced the Government’s intention to continue trade talks with India just yesterday, and I am sure there is more we can do to reduce barriers between our two countries.
The right hon.
Gentleman has visited India, and he will know that the previous Government had clearly got a long way towards a free trade agreement but that it was stalled because of the Indian general election and then our general election.
There are some sticking points, and I wonder if he could update the House on his discussions on removing those sticking points so that we can unlock the free trade deal that those on both sides of this House want to see.
The hon.
Gentleman has great experience in these matters, but I disagree with him slightly.
He will remember that the previous Government set a timetable and said that we would have a trade agreement by Diwali, but I am afraid the question is which one, because successive Diwalis passed and we did not get one.
I am very pleased that the Trade Secretary has set out that we are going to continue negotiations, and of course these issues came up with my counterpart in Delhi.
We now come to shadow Minister Alicia Kearns—welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Foreign Secretary rightly visited India to discuss a trade agreement between our countries.
The Labour party regularly called for human rights to be part of that UK-India trade deal.
Will he therefore update the House on whether he secured said agreement during his visit?
On human rights, we on the Conservative Benches welcome the fact that the Foreign Secretary raised with his counterparts the case of Jagtar Singh Johal, a British national whom the UN has determined to be arbitrarily detained, with reports that he was subject to torture.
Will the Foreign Secretary confirm before the House today that he still believes, as he did a month ago, that Jagtar is being arbitrarily detained?
Will he today publicly call for Jagtar’s release, just as, from this Dispatch Box, he repeatedly urged the last Foreign Secretary to do?
Will he meet Jagtar’s family, as Lord Cameron did?
Finally, having adopted the Foreign Affairs Committee’s recommendation of a special envoy for Britain’s wrongly detained abroad, when will he announce that somebody has been appointed?
The hon.
Lady has raised these issues over many years, and this is a very serious case.
I remain absolutely committed to pushing for faster progress and to resolving this issue.
I of course raised it with the Minister of External Affairs in India last week.
We continue to raise our concerns, particularly about allegations of torture and the right to a fair trial.
Of course I will meet the family over the coming weeks.
What discussions he has had with his Iranian counterpart on alleged human rights violations in that country.
Iran’s continued repression of women and girls, ethnic and religious minorities, and human rights defenders is unacceptable.
We will continue to work with international partners to hold the regime to account, including at the UN Third Committee later this year.
The Iranian authorities have been systematically targeting BBC Persian staff and their families in an attempt to intimidate them into stopping their work as journalists.
Freedom of the press is a fundamental right for people all over the world, so will the Foreign Secretary and his colleagues commit to working across Government with the Culture Secretary to revisit the previous cuts to BBC Persian, and look to increase funding for the vital work that the service does?
That is a very important question.
Iran clearly remains an extremely hostile environment for journalists, who face harassment, arbitrary detention and long prison sentences.
We will raise this issue with the new Iranian Government when they are formed—as the hon.
Member will know, they are having their inauguration today, so there are no Ministers yet for me or the rest of the Foreign Office team to talk to.
The Foreign Office currently provides a quarter of the BBC World Service budget, and we will no doubt look at that as part of the wider budget review.