Let me mention two other Members who spoke in the debate.
I welcome the support of  the hon.
Member for Angus and Perthshire Glens (Dave Doogan)  for the Bill.
I think that his only criticism was one word in the terminology, and we can probably live with that.
He said that he was nauseous from hearing us talk about being a Government of service, but he may have to get used to feeling nauseous, because we will proudly be a Government of service every day that we have the honour to serve.
Finally, I am glad that this is not an exceptional debate in which  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  does not make an intervention.
I welcome his support for the Bill, and for the Government’s wider actions in resolving the junior doctors’ industrial dispute.
I reassure him that, like my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, I recognise the importance of working with political representatives from all nations in the UK.
As my right hon.
Friend said at the beginning of this debate, a crucial first step to achieving sustained economic growth is delivering economic stability.
This Bill will help provide that stability and ensure that fiscal responsibility is not only embedded in our approach to government, but locked into how government works from this point on.
It will make sure that there is always proper scrutiny of the Government’s fiscal plans, reinforcing credibility and trust, and making sure that no Government can ever again play fast and loose with the public finances.
The Bill is a key step in fixing the foundations  of our country as we set out to get the economy growing and to make families across Britain more secure and better off.
We now know that the Conservatives called the election to run away from the problems that they had covered up, rather than taking the tough decisions to fix them.
While they may have run away from the problems that they created, they cannot run away from their record in office.
People in Britain will not forget the last Government’s recklessness in 2022, which showed just how much damage unfunded spending commitments can cause.
Budget responsibility will never be optional under Labour, as it was under the Conservatives.
We have brought fiscal responsibility back into the heart of government, and we will hardwire it into law through our fiscal lock.
That is what this Bill will achieve.
This Bill will draw a line under the economic recklessness of recent years and make it clear that it must never be allowed to happen again.
Budget responsibility underpins our national mission to make people across Britain more secure and better off.
For that reason and others, I commend this Bill to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time.
It is a pleasure to see the hon.
Lady in her position and to have worked with her many times on these issues in the past, across these Benches and in other formats.
As the Foreign Secretary and I have already outlined, we took robust action against Russia’s shadow fleet, alongside allies at the European Political Community.
We will continue to explore further options to strengthen our sanctions, including in the energy sector, and the Foreign Secretary did indeed raise the issue at his meetings in Mangalore.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I would like to pay tribute to John Tamlyn, the Bar Doorkeeper who retires today after an incredible 36 years.
John is a much-loved member of the Doorkeeper team, whose career in the House of Commons began in 1988, first as an attendant to the Sergeant at Arms office and then as Doorkeeper for the last 26 years.
In that time, John has led the Speaker’s procession into the Chamber hundreds of times.
He is hugely respected and has developed a reputation as a font of all knowledge on Chamber procedures and a reliable source of information for Members—some might say too much at times, John.
To the team and those who work with him, John is known for being one of the smartest dressed Doorkeepers who has a fantastic sense of humour.
He is an expert on music—especially ’70s disco and ’80s pop, which he does enjoy—and I am told that he is a mean dancer.
He is also a keen photographer.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in thanking John for his loyal, lengthy service.
I wish him a very happy retirement.
Thank you, John, for everything.
Hear, hear!
Ordered, That Stuart Anderson, Wendy Chamberlain, Samantha Dixon, Chris Elmore, Vicky Foxcroft, Rebecca Harris, Jessica Morden, Jeff Smith and Mark Tami be members of the Committee of Selection until the end of the current Parliament.—(Mark Tami.)
The Deputy Foreign Secretary was asked— If he will set out a timeline for the potential recognition of a Palestinian state.
If he will support the immediate recognition of the state of Palestine.
We want a credible and irreversible pathway towards a two-state solution: a safe, secure Israel alongside a viable, sovereign Palestinian state.
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state as a contribution to a peace process, at a time that is most conducive to that process.
May I associate myself with your remarks, Mr Speaker, about John the Doorkeeper?
Who knew that we had the same love of ’70s disco?