I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
We are deeply concerned at a number of the developments he mentions.
The UK is providing, and will continue to provide, significant humanitarian support to Gaza.
However, we are also clear that Israel must meet its commitment to “flood Gaza with aid”—that is vital.
I very much welcome the Foreign Secretary’s decisions on the International Criminal Court and on UNRWA funding.
This morning I met Oxfam, which told me and other Members that, when Parliament  is in recess this summer, up to 7,000 people in Gaza will be killed or injured—up to a third of them children.
Given that, will the Minister outline what urgent steps the Government will take this summer to end this horror, including ending UK arms sales to Israel?
Too many people have died in Gaza and too little aid is getting in.
We are clear that Israel must take concrete steps to protect civilians and aid workers, in accordance with international humanitarian law.
This includes deconfliction between military and humanitarian operations, and supporting the minimum operating requirements of the UN agencies, as well, of course, as the other matters my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary laid out, including the need for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
Last week, I met some of my constituents in Ealing Southall who live in the Hanwell Broadway area.
They told me about Hanwell Friends of Sabastiya, a friendship and support network between our corner of west London and a village in the north of the west bank.
My constituents have heard at first hand how Palestinians are suffering across the territory.
What difference will the decision to restart UNRWA funding make to the lives of ordinary Palestinians, and what discussions has the Minister had with UNRWA’s commissioner-general to maximise its impact for the Palestinian people?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter, because we are clear that UNRWA is the only humanitarian organisation that is able to operate at the scale required in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary, as hon.
Members will be aware, confirmed to the House on  19 July  that the UK would resume funding to UNRWA.
On the same day, I met UNRWA Commissioner-General Philippe Lazzarini to understand more from him about the situation on the ground and the reforms that UNRWA is undertaking.
We also talked about this Government’s release of £21 million in new funds to UNRWA to support its lifesaving work in Gaza and the provision of basic services in the region.
My constituents are appalled by the death and destruction in Gaza.
They know, as we do, that only an immediate, permanent ceasefire in exchange for the return of the hostages will put an end to this unacceptable and unbearable suffering.
In the meantime, despite the Israeli Government’s promise to flood Gaza with aid, which the Minister mentioned, the reality is that they are putting in place repeated and deadly obstructions.
What conversations have the Government had with Israel to ensure that the Israelis end this denial of lifesaving assistance?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a personal interest in this issue, and, indeed, experience of it following the humanitarian work in which she was involved before coming to this place.
When the Foreign Secretary was in Israel he pressed Prime Minister Netanyahu to open all border crossings, including Rafah, to facilitate a significant increase in aid and to allow its safe, effective distribution within Gaza, and we will continue to press for that as a matter of urgency.
Despite the designation of Al-Mawasi as a humanitarian safe zone, there have been multiple Israeli air strikes which have killed dozens of civilians and wounded many more, and have resulted in the bombing of a compound belonging to the charities Medical Aid for Palestinians and the International Rescue Committee.
What discussions has the Minister had with her Israeli counterpart about stopping any further attacks on Al-Mawasi, where displaced Gazans were ordered to go by the Israel Defence Forces for their own safety?
I know that this issue is of personal concern to my hon.
Friend and that he has visited the region many times, for instance when he was the shadow Minister for the middle east.
He has asked specifically about the question of civilians in the conflict.
We are aware that about 90% of the population in Gaza have now been displaced, some of them more than once.
We need civilians to be protected, we need aid workers to be treated in accordance with international humanitarian law, and we need to ensure that there is deconfliction.
As I said earlier, those are matters on which we, as the new Government, have been pressing.
The World Health Organisation has warned that the lack of sanitation and clean water caused by the humanitarian crisis in Gaza poses a real risk of polio spreading undetected among its people.
Will the UK Government consider supporting a mass vaccination programme in Gaza?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter, which the Foreign Secretary and I discussed directly with Dr Ghebreyesus, the head of the World Health Organisation, yesterday.
My hon.
Friend is right about the severe concern about polio and the need for a vaccination scheme, and the World Health Organisation is working on such a scheme.
When populations are not receiving the food and nutrition that they require, or clean water, the potential for infectious disease obviously increases, but the UK has provided significant food and nutrition support, as well as shelter and other essential materials.
We will continue to do that, and, indeed, to work with the World Health Organisation on these important matters.
While the eyes of the world are rightly on the shocking, dystopian situation in Gaza, we should not forget the humanitarian situation in the west bank, where a largely defenceless population are being ever more persecuted and exposed to violence and are seeing their homes and land stolen.
May we please have a comprehensive set of sanctions against violent settlers, the organisations that support them in their activities and those who are complicit, at a state level, in what they are doing?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for raising this issue.
The health and wellbeing of those in the west bank was another of the issues that I discussed with Commissioner-General Lazzarini of UNRWA, because we are concerned about it.
As would be expected, we are keeping all sanctions regimes under review, including this one, and we remain concerned about not only the position of the population but the longer-term issues surrounding a two-state solution, which were mentioned earlier.
The Government have announced a strategic defence review, but the challenges faced by the UK in the mid-21st century are military-related, development-related and diplomacy-related.
May I have an assurance that the Foreign Office will have a distinct role to play in the strategic defence review—especially in the light of the conversation that we have just had, which has shown the complexities of the UK’s global posture in the 21st century?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his point.
Of course, all these issues are strongly related.
We are absolutely determined to work with colleagues in Defence, as well as across the whole Government, so that we ensure that we are putting our country’s interests first and, above all, protecting our security—the first responsibility of any Government.
In recent months, Hamas have targeted Israel’s Kerem Shalom goods crossing with rockets and mortars to prolong the misery of their own people.
They are also estimated to have spent $150 million on constructing their terror networks by misappropriating aid.
Does the Minister accept that Hamas will always prioritise conflict with Israel over the wellbeing of their own citizens in Gaza, and that more steps need to be taken to stop the misappropriation of aid by Hamas?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
Of course, aid materials must always be provided directly to those in need, particularly in a situation of humanitarian catastrophe, which is currently the case in Gaza.
It is incredibly important that food and nutrition, clean water, other forms of sanitation, medicines and shelter are provided directly to those in need; it is absolutely fundamental that they must not be misappropriated.
Of course, these are issues that we have discussed with UNRWA and other aid agencies that are involved in the region.
Key to ending the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is stopping the sale of weapons to those who have shown that they are prepared to use them indiscriminately against civilians.
It has been suggested that the Government will continue to sell defensive weapons, but given that Israel defines its entire campaign as “defensive”, how do they propose to tell us at the end of the review on international humanitarian law how many of the 40,000 civilians killed were killed with defensive weapons, as opposed to offensive weapons?
On what legal basis would such a determination be made?
The hon.
Member will be well aware that this is a legal process and has to be complied with.
This Government are absolutely clear that we must act with integrity and ensure that we are following all the legal procedures, as the Foreign Secretary set out last week in the House and has set out this morning.
As shadow Foreign Secretary, the Secretary of State urged David Cameron to publish the FCDO’s formal legal advice on whether Israel is breaching international humanitarian law in Gaza.
Do the new ministerial team  still think there is a compelling case for publishing the Government’s legal advice, and will the Government be publishing it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
The Foreign Secretary has been crystal clear that he will be as transparent as he possibly can.
He will ensure that Parliament is fully updated on these matters.