What recent discussions he has had with his Bangladeshi counterpart on the human rights situation in that country.
Bangladesh is an important Commonwealth friend, but we remain deeply concerned about recent events.
I thank the many Members from across this House who have raised the matter with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
I spoke to the Bangladesh high commissioner on 19 and  23 July .
On  22 July , my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary called for an end to the violence, for democratic reforms, and for the rule of law to be protected.
Following the high death toll among student protesters, international human rights bodies are reporting further crackdowns on dissent, from mass arrests and enforced disappearances to torture and unlawful killings.
Does the Minister agree that Bangladeshi people must have the right to exercise their fundamental  human rights, including the right to protest, and will she join me in expressing solidarity with Bangladeshi people facing repression, both in Bangladesh and around the world?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for her constituents.
The UK and our international partners continue to push for progress towards accountability and justice, including through an independent, impartial and transparent investigation into alleged human rights violations.
What steps he is taking to support Ukraine.
I was pleased that at the NATO conference, all nations were able to come together to reaffirm our commitment to Ukraine.
We took great heart from Zelensky speaking to the Cabinet for the first time, and we were united in continuing to stand with the people of Ukraine.
Of course I welcome the Secretary of State’s and the Government’s commitment to supporting Ukraine, and the provision of military and humanitarian aid is important, but sadly it will not be enough to secure long-term peace.
Will he reassure me that if and when the Ukrainians seek peace talks, the UK will stand by them, and support them absolutely in their efforts to bring this wasteful and terrible war to a conclusion?