The Secretary of State cannot find his way around a farmyard; he is certainly not speaking to farmers.
We Conservatives know that if the Government continue to tax, tax, tax businesses, they will break.
His answers show why we have seen cold fury in the countryside at his impotence in standing up to the Chancellor on compulsory purchase orders, the massive cuts to de-linked payments, the stopping of capital grants and SFI and, of course, the family farm fax.
Ahead of next week’s emergency Budget and spending review, and given that The Guardian seems to know more than he does, will the Secretary of State guarantee that his Government’s Budget will not face further swingeing cuts?
The problem facing farming is that it became unprofitable because of the actions of the previous Government, who undercut farm businesses in trade deals, undercut farmers on welfare and environmental standards and raised barriers to exports to the European markets, causing exports to plunge by 20% since 2018, which led to record numbers of bankruptcies.
This Government have a plan for change that involves turning farming into a profitable set of businesses, including by backing British businesses through public sector food procurement and ruling out trade deals that undercut farmers in the way the previous Government were happy to do.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on cats.
The Animal Welfare Committee’s report in September highlighted an urgent need for further regulation around the breeding of cats, after it uncovered the deeply concerning trend in demand for cats and other animals that are bred with extreme characteristics.
Will the Minister set out how many of the report’s recommendations the Government have taken up, and what their timeframes are for implementation?
I am sure that my hon.
Friend’s cats, who I am told are called Clem Cattlee and Mo Meowlam, will be delighted to hear that the Government are looking very closely at the Animal Welfare Committee’s opinion on the welfare implications of current and emergent feline breeding practices.
I can assure them that we are carefully considering the committee’s recommendations.
Farmers in North Norfolk are an incredible bunch who have shown resilience through tough times and are still innovating and diversifying, but there are more tough times ahead.
What one thing does the Secretary of State think my farmers should be doing to secure their future in the face of so many challenges?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Looking ahead, the future can be very exciting for farming, but as the Secretary of State said, we have to establish farming as a profitable sector.
We will work with the hon.
Gentleman’s farmers to ensure that vision is realised.
My constituents in Burghfield Bridge have suffered for years with the devastating effects of flooding, and are rightly frustrated that nothing is being done.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss flood resilience and better join-up of local agencies in Burghfield Bridge and across my constituency?