Thank you very much indeed, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I hope that you and the House will excuse me if I start on a very personal note.
Almost exactly 24 hours ago, my father, Torquil Norman, died at the age of 91.
He was an extraordinary man.
He flew Seafires and Sea Furies during his national service in the Fleet Air Arm.
He created Polly Pocket, a toy that has brought unbelievable joy to many young people around the House and around the world.
He rebuilt the Roundhouse in Chalk Farm in London, not just as an incredible performing arts centre, but as a creative centre for young people from whatever background to be able to find their way into jobs.
The reason I mention that now is that my father stood for values that bear a wider consideration in this House and in our own lives—values of positivity and creativity.
He always said that the secret to success in the toy business was to have a mental age of seven and an eye for detail.
He had incredible energy but also amazing resilience and focus on the long term.
“Turn up at the finishing line” was one of his maxims.
Even in his 80s, he was building and creating a new enterprise to  develop flat-pack trucks, if you can imagine such a thing, Madam Deputy Speaker, that could be sold to countries around the world at low cost, supporting businesses and people.
I think the whole House would agree with me that we need these values today.
At a time of difficulty, stagnation and international conflict, we need these values of creativity, ambition, drive, respect for others and, above all, capability —a focus not just on the head, but on the hand and the heart as well.
That is something I feel very strongly about.
We are trying to build a new specialist technical engineering college in Hereford, precisely to bring those different aspects of the human personality together in the service of better jobs and better possibilities.
I also think that it encourages us all, as a House and as a Parliament, to ask the right questions and to support long-term solutions, even when those questions and solutions may not be ones that we are ideologically or politically drawn to.
We are in a world where welfare costs are rising higher than anyone could have wanted; civil service effectiveness is perhaps not as great as we would like; productivity in the NHS is not what we would all want, for whatever reasons that may be, over a very long period; and we need a rapid boost to our defence and security.
Those are crucial questions that we, as a House, will need to continue to develop and discuss over the next few years.
I want to ask the Leader of the House whether we and other Members of the Modernisation Committee cannot expand our thinking about those long-term issues and try to push for more scope for co-operation between the parties on them, more consultation and debate on key legislation before it is brought to the House, and more ways to develop closer personal engagement between Members, so that we can build respect and co-operation across the House for the longer term.
One of my father’s maxims—you will have discovered that he had many—was, “The secret to success is to take a large bite and then chew it.”
I think that we could perhaps do that more as a House and as a country.
Before the Leader of the House responds, I wish to put on the record my condolences to the right hon.
Gentleman, and my love and prayers.
He and I spent some time together in a Department.
He was a top gentleman to work with, and his father will have been very proud.