After many years of rising costs for Scottish pubs, they now face being unfairly caught up in  the double jeopardy of extended producer responsibility, as bottles going to pubs are being classed as household waste by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, even though almost no glass bottles delivered to pubs end up in household waste.
Given the extremely tight margins on producing bottled beer, the situation threatens to cause serious harm to this part of the industry.
Will the Minister consider an EPR exemption for pubs and other hospitality venues, or some kind of easement to help the situation?
We are introducing the biggest set of changes to the regulations in 20 years.
We are looking at the issue of dual use, but the real prize with glass is, of course, to get to a reuse system, instead of a recycling system.
I have been in touch with the drinks companies to look at how we speed up the start of that.
Labour-led Nuneaton and Bedworth borough council has bucked the national trend in fly-tipping with a reduction in the borough of more than 10%, while total reported incidents have fallen by 200 on the previous year.
Meanwhile, neighbouring Conservative-led North Warwickshire borough council served only one fixed penalty notice in the year 2023-24.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the actions taken by Nuneaton and Bedworth borough council demonstrate that councils can reduce fly-tipping incidents, and that North Warwickshire must do more to stop the scourge of fly-tipping on our country roads?
I have travelled along those country roads near Coventry many times.
My hon.
Friend is right: this is a political choice that councils can make.
I urge people in the upcoming elections on  1 May  to vote for more Labour county councillors, who will take this scourge seriously.
Last month, more than 4,000 litres of diesel spilled into the River Wandle from a Transport for London garage in the Secretary of State’s previous constituency.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  to discuss what can be done to restore the wildlife and to ensure that that cannot happen again?
I agree that what happened on the River Wandle is shocking; it runs very close to my constituency as well, so I am aware of the situation.
The Environment Agency is investigating and, if there was inappropriate behaviour, there will be swift action.
I would be happy to arrange an appropriate meeting for the hon.
Gentleman.
For far too long, the people of Newcastle-under-Lyme have had to live with the consequences of Walley’s Quarry landfill site.
With the operator, Walley’s Quarry Ltd, now in liquidation, may I urge the Minister to do all she can to make sure that those who caused the mess are forced to pay to clean it up?
We are disappointed that Walley’s Quarry has entered administration.
The Environment Agency has attended the landfill site, assessed it and  decided that it does not pose an immediate risk, but, of course, we are liaising with specialist contractors to look after the site and we are in close contact with the Environment Agency to recoup those costs.
May I first congratulate the new councillor, Ian Campbell, on his by-election win yesterday?
The team got a great result in my part of the world.
Many in my constituency are concerned about the newly coined grey belt, which will be used as an excuse to destroy our land irreversibly.
What calculations have the Minister and his Cabinet colleagues made about the impact on the environment of over-development on unspoiled green-belt land?
This is why we will be introducing a land-use framework—to ensure that we can make rational decisions about how land is used to best effect.
We are blessed to be nestled between the beautiful River Adur and the sea in my constituency, but that leaves us prone to flooding.
Last year, my constituents in Shoreham found their homes and businesses flooded.
I welcome the Government’s £2.65 billion for flood defences and must stress the importance of East Worthing and Shoreham getting its fair share of that funding.
Will the Minister confirm when the Government will announce funding allocations for local flood defence projects?