First, I thank the Minister for visiting Lilford in Leigh after the devastating new year’s day flooding.
We had a public meeting on Saturday, and three months after those floods, residents are still struggling to get any real progress from their insurance companies, while others face extortionate premiums and excess fees.
What discussions is the Minister having with the insurance industry on improving how they support residents?
It was a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend and see how tirelessly she was championing and supporting her local constituents after such a devastating flood.
Concerns around flood insurance have been raised, so the floods resilience taskforce is setting up an insurance sub-group, through which some of its members will  deep-dive into the challenges and opportunities for improvement on flood defences.
If she has any further evidence that she would like me to look at, it would be very helpful to receive it.
What discussions he has had with Thames Water on its financial viability.
I am of course having conversations.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the company remains stable, and that the Government are closely monitoring the situation.
Data published this week in The Guardian revealed that 50% more raw sewage was discharged by Thames Water last year than in the previous 12 months.
Thames Water is racking up billions of pounds of expensive extraordinary debt, while continuing to pump tonnes of sewage into our rivers.
Despite bold targets and kind words, there is simply no action on cleaning up our rivers.
What will the Government do to improve Thames Water’s performance?
The Government are taking steps to improve the performance of all water companies, including through the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, which I spoke about earlier.
Sir Jon Cunliffe is leading a review of the entire sector, so that we can reform regulation and, if need be, the regulator, to ensure that they are fit for purpose.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Our rivers, lakes and seas are awash with pollution.
The public are rightly furious about leaking pipes and sewage spills, and we have not built a new reservoir in this country for well over 30 years.
After years of failure, this Government are turning the tide.
The Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 is creating stronger regulation to hold water companies to account.
We have secured over £100 billion of private sector investment—the largest such investment in the water sector in its history—to upgrade our infrastructure.
Last week, the water Minister—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) —and I toured the country from Windermere to the Wye, from Hampshire to Yorkshire, and from Suffolk and Northumbria to Somerset, to see where that investment will build new homes, create thousands of new jobs and boost local economies.
This is a cornerstone of our plan for change.
Things can only get cleaner.
In February, Lucy Manzano of the Dover Port Health Authority came before the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and warned that if funding was not confirmed before the new financial year, checks at our borders would stop.
With the new financial year fast approaching and another case of  foot and mouth in Europe, will the Secretary of State confirm that the Government have finally secured that funding, or will we be more at risk in April?
We take border security extremely seriously.
That is why we have the BTOM—border target operating model—system, which we are very closely monitoring to make sure it is doing the work that it needs to do, and why we are investing money in the National Biosecurity Centre in Weybridge to ensure it does not fall into dilapidation, which is where it was heading under the previous Government.
The Conservative party allowed the rivers and lakes in my constituency to be polluted with raw sewage while water bills rose and rose.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that, as he just said, after 14 years of Conservative neglect, things can only get cleaner?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Over the past 14 years, things only got filthier.
This Government will turn the tide.
Things will get cleaner thanks to the investment this Government are bringing in.