The independent review of the Southport attacks condemns the CPS and police’s “near-silence” following the attacks and establishes silence as a catalyst for media disinformation and public distrust.
It states that silence “in the face of horrific events of major public interest is no longer an option.”
Does the Solicitor General accept that Government secrecy fuelled conspiracy theories and thus eroded confidence in our justice system, or is the independent King’s Counsel wrong?
Madam Deputy Speaker, you will not be surprised to hear that I completely reject the allegation of Government secrecy.
Certainly, when it comes to Southport, those murders were some of the most harrowing in our country’s history and it was absolutely right that due process was followed to allow for the successful conviction.
It was vital that justice was done in those cases.
The shadow Solicitor General will know that there are issues around contempt, which the Law Commission is looking at.
The Law Commission has agreed to a request from the Home Secretary to speed up that review and it is vital that we get the results of that review as soon as possible.
The independent review warned that government silence “risked far more prejudice to any trial” than transparency.
Indeed, as is often said, the truth can be the best disinfectant.
Will the Solicitor General therefore agree to greater transparency around major events in future and to implement Jonathan Hall’s recommendations on the provision of information to the public to ensure that that never happens again?
The shadow Solicitor General refers to Jonathan Hall and the terrorism review.
Terrorism is, of course, something that the Government take extremely seriously.
Jonathan Hall’s review has now concluded and it is right that his report—coupled with the contempt review—is considered in full by the Home Secretary, as an important step in addressing all those questions.
What steps she is taking with the Crown Prosecution Service to help ensure the effective functioning of the courts.
What steps she is taking with the Crown Prosecution Service to help ensure the effective functioning of the courts.
This Government unfortunately inherited a record Crown court backlog, with the human impact felt most severely by victims.
Lengthy delays are much too common and victim attrition much too high.
The Lord Chancellor has set out swift action to address that, including by increasing the number of Crown court sitting days and increasing magistrates courts’ sentencing powers to take pressure off the Crown courts.
The effective functioning of the courts relies on sound and sensible sentencing guidelines.
In just 12 days, such guidelines will no longer exist and a two-tier sentencing system will come into force on the Solicitor General’s watch.
This is the fourth time that the issue has been raised by the Opposition; I hope we will have more luck in securing a direct answer from the Solicitor General.
Does she agree with the Justice Secretary that the guidelines will bring in a two-tier sentencing system, and can she confirm once and for all what is being done to stop those sentencing guidelines from coming into force?
I remind the hon.
Member that the Conservative Sentencing Minister at the time wrote to the Sentencing Council making it clear that they welcomed the new guidance.
Equality before the law is core to the application of the rule of law in this country and a foundational principle of our legal and judicial systems.
I am sure that colleagues will welcome the fact that the Lord Chancellor met the chair of the Sentencing Council last week, and they had a constructive discussion around the guidelines.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Will the Solicitor General confirm that the court backlog is rising rather than falling, and can she explain why the Lord Chancellor has not maximised the number of sitting days so that victims of rape and other serious crimes do not have to wait unduly for their cases to be heard?
The criticism would carry a little more weight were it not for the fact that the Conservatives spent the last 14 years driving up the record court backlog.
The root causes of the backlog are a direct result of the Conservatives’ choices.
The previous Government closed over 260 court buildings, and the record court backlog now stands at 73,000 cases.
As we have said, the human cost of those delays is considerable—victims are waiting years for justice.
The Lord Chancellor is taking robust action.
She has increased the number of Crown court sitting days, increased magistrate courts’ sentencing powers and asked Sir Brian Leveson to lead an independent review of our criminal courts to look at options for longer-term reform.
The previous Government did not act; they drove up the backlog.
This Government are taking action.