My condolences to the shadow Leader of the House and his family.
As a physiotherapist prior to being elected to this place, I was delighted to welcome members of all 14 allied health professions to a roundtable in Parliament this week.
They account for about a third of the NHS’s entire workforce and work tirelessly to improve patient care.
Fundamentally, they all agree that allied health professions are sidelined and that their roles are often misunderstood.
Does my right hon.
Friend therefore agree that we should have a debate in Parliament on the importance of AHPs and the crucial work that they do in the NHS?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important matter.
It is good to see that she is taking her experience from her previous job as a physiotherapist and providing strong leadership here in the House on those issues.
She is absolutely right that AHPs provide a huge contribution to our NHS.
Without physiotherapists and others, we would not be able to get people well, fit and healthy again and able to continue with their life and their work, so I absolutely support her request for a debate.
My condolences to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire  (Jesse Norman) .
Interestingly, his comments and his eulogy to his father at this particular time bring into stark relief the absence in too many families of positive male role models for many young boys growing up.
We all ought to be concerned about that.
We have a real problem at the moment, because we have not really debated the use of slave labour in products in the UK.
There is a really interesting point here, because in America right now companies that have failed to interrogate their own supply chains are being sanctioned—not knowing is not good enough.
Many of them are actually in use in the UK, including three in particular.
A parent company, Donghai Jaisolar Technology, is being used at the Ministry of Defence; Hongyuan Green Energy, which has been sanctioned by the USA, is in use over here, and so is Jiangsu Micoe Solar Energy.
Other companies, such as Jinko Solar and Canadian Solar, are ever present, and they are all essentially guilty of the use of slave labour.
Can we have a proper debate about how we can stop that, as the Americans have been doing for some time?
Surely we now need to sanction companies that use slave labour to get cheap advantage.
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman raises an issue that I know he has long campaigned on and its implications for the UK.
He is absolutely right to raise it.
We should not tolerate slave labour being used in any of the products on sale or being used in this country, and we need to do more to expose and have transparency around that.
I think that would make a very good topic for a debate, but I will certainly ensure that relevant Ministers update this House on how we can have the economic security and transparency to ensure that that does not happen.
I too offer my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House—Torquil Norman sounds absolutely great.
Parc Bryn Bach women have recently won the Welsh cross-country championships, beating the likes of Cardiff and Swansea running clubs to lift the trophy.
Will the Leader of the House please join me in congratulating this small club from Tredegar on its achievement?
Those runners have made their fellow club members, including me, very proud.
I thought my hon.
Friend was inviting me on a cross-country run there—the answer would have been a clear no.
I join him in congratulating the cross-country club from Tredegar of which he is a member on winning the Welsh championships.
I add my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House.
I agree that at a time when boys and young men are lacking role models, the memory of his father is a powerful example of why dads matter.
King Edward’s school in Bath came third in the national reading champions quiz.
I am sure the Leader of the House will join me in congratulating that school on its wonderful achievement, but reading for pleasure is now at an all-time low.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how to improve reading proficiency among children of all ages?
I join the hon.
Lady in congratulating King Edward’s school.
We discussed many of these issues last week, as it was World Book Day when we met in the Chamber—we shared powerful testimonies about the importance of reading, access to school libraries, book schemes, and all the literacy work that goes on.
I absolutely support the hon.
Lady’s call to make sure that reading for pleasure is central to our education.
Across my constituency, in towns such as Corbridge, Ponteland, Prudhoe, Haltwhistle and Hexham, people are very passionate about the environment and the natural world, so they will have been disappointed to hear the Leader of the Opposition junk her party’s environmental commitments.
Does the Leader of the House agree that moderate Conservative candidates should do some soul-searching and tell the people of Northumberland whether they plan to put planet before party?
Absolutely.
I think we saw the Leader of the Opposition go to a whole other planet this week—Planet Zog, maybe, or I am sure there are many others.
My hon.
Friend is right that not only is tackling climate change important for the future of our climate, but it is vital to providing the jobs of the future that we need in this country and the energy security that will protect us from the likes of Putin in the future.
It also means that all of our constituents will have lower bills over the longer term, which is why the Leader of the Opposition’s announcement this week was a completely mad thing to do.
I send my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House.
His father sounds like an incredible man, and I certainly loved playing with my Polly Pocket, so I thank him for that lovely memory this morning.
Aplastic anaemia is a life-threatening blood disorder.
Although it is rare, it can affect hundreds across the country, but there is no information about it on NHS England’s website.
Sadly, the constituent who brought this issue to my attention, Mr Jenkins, has passed away from the condition, but I promised his wife that in his memory, I would continue to raise aplastic anaemia and ensure that it gets listed on the NHS website, as it currently is on NHS Inform in Scotland.
In light of NHS England being disbanded, can the Leader of the House raise with Cabinet colleagues the question of how we can ensure that rare conditions are recognised?
Those conditions cause great distress and isolation, and I want to make sure that does not happen in the future.
I am sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s passing from that rare condition, and congratulate her on bringing this issue to the floor of the House on behalf of his wife.
She is absolutely right: rare conditions, which are often raised with me at business questions, often do not get the attention or the signposting that they desperately need.
I will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a full response.
May I too extend my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House?
His father sounds like a wonderful man.
I recently visited Chase Recovery in my constituency.
It is a community-based, peer-led rehabilitation programme, designed for those who experience substance misuse  and are seeking a new abstinent life filled with meaning and purpose.
I met Paul and Cara while there, and their passion for their work is inspiring and infectious.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating them on the work they do, and will the House hold a debate on the importance of innovative, community-based services when it comes to sustainable, long-term recovery from substance misuse?
I certainly join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Paul and Cara on the work they do on rehabilitation in her constituency.
She highlights once again the important role of prevention, early intervention and rehabilitation to ensure that people are healthy and successful in life in whatever way.
Often those services are delivered by fantastic volunteers.
The shadow Leader of the House referred to his admirable father’s national service in the course of his tribute, and that took place during a cold war that was prevented from turning into the third world war by the presence of American forces in NATO, led by the Supreme Allied Commander Europe.
Up to now, that has always been a senior US army or other officer.
Reports are now saying that in the Trump Administration’s latest move away from the security system that prevented a third world war until the collapse of the Soviet empire, America is proposing to give up the post of SACEUR and allow a European or Canadian—prior to annexation—to take it over.
May we have a statement about what the Government are doing to prevent such a dangerous and foolish outcome from proceeding?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that our strength and security in this country, in Europe and across the world come from our very strong alliances with Europe and with America through NATO.
Our commitment to that is unwavering, and that has been a critical component of peace and security around the world over recent years.
I am sure he will appreciate that I will not provide a running commentary on the Trump Administration, but he will recognise that the Defence Secretary, the Foreign Secretary and indeed the Prime Minister have been incredibly forthcoming with updates and providing details to this House, and I will ensure that they continue to do so.
My sincere condolences go to the shadow Leader of the House.
Hundreds of thousands of households across this country live on unadopted estates.
They can be in that status for a great many years—I am hearing up to 10 years.
In my constituency of Warwick and Leamington, I have estates where certain streets have been built, for example by Taylor Wimpey, and residents are just charged council tax, but on other streets, perhaps built by Persimmon, residents are being charged not just council tax but a monthly fee.
Fortunately, my local Labour councillors are campaigning against companies such as FirstPort, because they see that as an absolute outright scam.
Can I therefore urge the Government to allow a meeting with the Housing Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) , or indeed a debate?
I fear that this issue is being felt right across the country, and it is an absolute scandal.