The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to help tackle fly-tipping.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
Happy spring equinox and happy World Sparrow Day to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone in the House.
Fly-tipping blights communities, harms the environment and places huge costs on taxpayers and businesses.
Councils dealt with over 1 million incidents in 2023-24, some 6% more than in the previous year.
This Government will crack down on fly-tipping by establishing clean-up squads comprised of those very individuals who dump rubbish in our communities.
We are also tackling litter by introducing a ban on single-use vapes from  1 June  this year and a deposit return scheme for drinks containers.
Rochdale council has removed 6,500 fly- tips this past year alone, the equivalent of 50 tonnes of illegally dumped waste every month, at a cost of £400,000 to local taxpayers.
But my council tells me that there is a real failure in the courts issuing consistent and tough enough fines.
Does the Minister agree with me that it is time to crack down harder on fly-tippers, put much tighter regulations on waste carriers and treat the fly-tippers like the criminals they are, by crushing their cars and putting points on their licences?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend—[Interruption.]
I hear enthusiasm for his comments from both sides of the House.
Rochdale council has an exemplary record on fly-tipping, with 26 fixed-penalty notices and 12 prosecutions, which is admirable.
Last week, the Environment Agency worked with the north-west regional organised crime unit to arrest two men in Manchester for fraud and money laundering, following an extensive investigation into packaging export notes used by law-abiding firms to export waste that were unlawfully sold for £747,000.
Our message to the waste criminals is clear: we are seeking powers in the Crime and Policing Bill, and we are going to track them down.
Fly-tipping is a scourge on local communities and a drain on council resources, be they rural councils, like Central Bedfordshire, or town councils, like Luton, in my constituency.
Most recent figures show that there were over 10,000 fly-tipping incidents in Luton alone in 2023-24, but does the Minister agree that we need a co-ordinated approach between the Department, local authorities and the police to deliver a holistic strategy to tackle fly-tipping?
It is clear that my hon.
Friend is right.
Luton has a particular problem with fly-tipping, but the council has been doing good work, with 263 fixed-penalty notices and 32 prosecutions.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs chairs the national fly-tipping prevention group, and we work with a wide range of interested parties, including councils, the Environment Agency, the National Farmers Union and the National Police Chiefs’ Council to disseminate good practice, and I urge Luton to join us in that endeavour.
Although City of Wolverhampton council is to be congratulated on introducing a range of initiatives to tackle fly-tipping, including deploying drones, raising the fine for fly-tipping to £1,000 and rewarding those who identify culprits with gift cards, fly-tipping in my constituency of Wolverhampton West costs Wolverhampton taxpayers around £300,000 a year and involved some 2,714 incidents during 2023-24.
Does the Minister agree that we need stronger disincentives to discourage those who fly-tip, so that that £300,000 can be redistributed to where it is really needed?
I am interested to hear about the work my hon.
Friend’s council is doing with drones.
We use CCTV, but there could be lessons for other councils.
In our manifesto, we committed to forcing fly-tippers to clean up their mess.
We are seeking powers to issue statutory fly-tipping enforcement guidance so we have a consistent and effective approach, but it is clear that the waste carriers, brokers and dealers, and the exemption permitting regimes, are not fit for purpose.
I have asked my officials to look at everything we can do to strengthen both of those.
Fly-tipping is a blight on our communities, but in Stoke-on-Trent, our Labour-led council has worked tirelessly to turn things around.
Under the Conservatives, residents were waiting for over a month for waste to be removed, but under the leadership of Jane Ashworth and Amjid Wazir, that response time is now under one week.
However, councils cannot tackle the issue alone, so will the Minister outline  what more the Government can do to support local councils to clamp down on fly-tipping, get tough on those who blight our streets, and create cleaner, greener communities for all?
It is interesting what a difference a change in council leadership makes.
I commend Councillor Ashworth and Councillor Wazir on their excellent work.
This Government will introduce mandatory digital waste tracking from April 2026, and I will update the House on progress in May 2025.
If people want their streets to be cleaned up, the answer is clear: vote Labour.
Fly-tipping is a real concern in my constituency of Woking, but I understand that the previous Government introduced new powers that enabled Woking borough council and other local authorities to strengthen their actions against people who fly-tip.
What impact have those measures had?
We have not assessed the impact, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman the latest statistics for his own council.
There were more than 1,100 fly-tipping incidents, but just three fixed-penalty notices and no prosecutions.
Local councillors are clearly making choices.
We know that the latest statistics for fly-tipping show a rise of 6%, so it is clear that under the previous Government, this environmental crime was allowed to spiral out of control.
I encourage all councils—of whatever colour—to make good use of their enforcement powers.
Alas, the last Government did not take up my suggestion that the offenders be garrotted with their own intestines.
The first problem, however, is to catch them.
Is there any way that local authorities can be encouraged to take advantage of the collapse in price and improvement in quality of internet-connected cameras?
I think there would be some human rights implications with the garrotting option, but I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s passionate hatred for these environmental criminals.
He is a representative of the beautiful New Forest, where I have spent many happy holidays, and it really upsets me to see fly-tipping on ancient woodland run by the Forestry Commission.
These are precious and irreplaceable areas.
We have not looked at that part of his suggestion, but I am very happy to join forces with him and make it a cross-party mission that we sort the messes out once and for all.
Conservative-run East Sussex county council has introduced a booking system for the local tip in Eastbourne that will make it even more difficult for many people to get rid of their waste.
Many local campaigners are concerned that it will result in increased fly-tipping, specifically in areas such as Upperton in my constituency, and we have already seen it in Hartfield Square and Upperton Gardens.
How might the Minister be able to influence East Sussex county council to U-turn on its unpopular decision and to keep our community clean and free from fly-tipping?
All councils have been given an uplift under this Labour Government, so they have more money to be able to deal with the priorities of their  local communities, and I encourage them to think about where that money is spent.
There is also a really important equality issue here: if people do not have access to the internet in East Sussex, due to blackspots, they might not be able to digitally book in, so I would look at digital exclusion.
The people who are least able to afford the internet should not be forced into dealing with unscrupulous rogues.
We know that fly-tipping is an expensive and dangerous nuisance.
Local authorities such as Conservative-led Walsall council are taking a really proactive and determined approach to tackling it, but with bin strikes on our doorstep under the neighbouring Labour-led Birmingham city council, we fear more fly-tipping, particularly in the communities that border Birmingham.
Alarmingly, we are hearing of rats the size of cats in Britain’s second city, and these squeaky blinders are definitely not welcome in Aldridge-Brownhills.
What specific support can the Minister provide to neighbouring authorities in these specific circumstances, and what can she do to bring the bin strikes to an end?
Obviously Birmingham city council’s bin situation is a matter for the council, but, as a neighbouring MP in Coventry, we have not seen any of the fly-tipping that the right hon.
Lady talks about seeing in Walsall.
Both sides need to get round the table and sort this out for the benefit of the people of Birmingham.
What recent discussions he has had with Ofwat on encouraging water companies to increase investment in sewage discharge reduction measures.
My officials and I have regular conversations with Ofwat and other regulators.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, last year water companies discharged record levels of sewage into our waterways, which is why the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 gives the regulator tough new powers, including the ability to ban the payment of unfair bonuses to polluting water bosses.
The Government have also secured a record £104 billion that will include improvements to more than 3,000 storm overflows and significantly reduce sewage spills over the next five years.
I wish you a happy World Sparrow Day, Madam Deputy Speaker.
In Bramley in my constituency in 2023, sewage was spilled into the local river for 59 hours.
In Godalming, the figure was 83 hours; in Chiddingfold, it was 410 hours; and in Cranleigh, it was 691 hours.
That is the equivalent of nearly two hours every single day—it is totally unacceptable.
As a result, last year, after pressure from me and others, Thames Water agreed to invest £400 million by the end of next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the chief executive of Thames Water to see whether that money is actually being spent?
The situation that the right hon.
Gentleman describes is absolutely outrageous, and Members across the House will recognise similar situations in their own  areas.
We need to completely reset the water sector so that these situations cannot continue, which is why Sir Jon Cunliffe is leading a water commission.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman and other Members are taking the opportunity to feed their experiences and those of their constituents into his call for evidence, and I would be happy to arrange for the right hon.
Gentleman to meet an appropriate Minister to discuss his concerns.
I get so many people in North West Leicestershire telling me about the toxic sewage pouring into their waterways, such as in the brook near Donington le Heath.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that, unlike the previous Government, when he says that he will hold the water bosses to account, he means it?
Absolutely.
That is why we have passed—and my hon.
Friend will have voted for—the Water (Special Measures) Act, which gives the regulator the power they need to hold those water bosses to account so that instead of paying themselves multimillion-pound bonuses they do not deserve, that money is spent where it should be spent: on fixing our broken sewage system, so that we can cut the sewage flows that are polluting our rivers up and down the country.
What estimate he has made of the number of farmers affected by changes to agricultural and business property reliefs.
Around 500 claims each year will be impacted.
Our reforms will mean that farmers will pay a reduced inheritance tax rate of 20%, rather than the standard 40%, and payments can be spread over 10 years interest free.
Farm-owning couples can pass on up to £3 million without paying inheritance tax.
In our view, this is a fair and balanced approach, and should be seen against the backdrop of the Government committing £5 billion for farming over two years—the largest budget directed at sustainable food production and nature’s recovery in our country’s history.
I am starting to feel like DEFRA Ministers are purposefully ignoring me and Devon’s farming community.
I have given the Secretary of State since early December to answer my letters and my invitations to meet with Devon’s farming community, in order to explain how changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief are going to affect them.
At the last DEFRA questions, I called out the Secretary of State for not replying to any of my requests.
The Minister for food, farming and fisheries replied from the Dispatch Box that “I would love to meet farmers in Devon, so I am happy to add him to the list for my grand tour across the country to reassure people that there is a strong plan to ensure that farmers have a viable future”.—[Official Report,  6 February 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 909.]
So far, those platitudes have gone unrealised.
With less than a month until these changes take effect, Devon’s farmers are still in the dark about how the changes are going to affect them.
If this is how Ministers treat  fellow MPs, is it any wonder that farmers up and down the country feel completely abandoned by this Labour Government?
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s complaint, but I have been to Devon in my role before, and I will come to Devon again.
I am always happy to meet farmers.
I have spent quite a lot of time at this Dispatch Box answering questions from Conservative Members, so perhaps fewer questions will mean more time to go out and meet farmers.