As the Solicitor General says, the Lord Chancellor has substantially increased sitting days.
The lack of a judge is only one reason that courts stand empty.
In the first nine months of 2024, 368 Crown court trials were rendered ineffective because the prosecutor failed to attend.
What discussions has the Solicitor General had with the CPS on improving prosecutor attendance, so that Crown courts can sit closer to judicial capacity?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The shortage of counsel is, indeed, a problem and has contributed to the record Crown court backlog.
The Crown Prosecution Service is widening their panel, including for rape and serious sexual offences counsel.
I have had regular discussions with the chair of  the Bar Council around its work to try to ensure that criminal practitioners continue to stay in that line of work.
I am also conscious that Ministry of Justice colleagues are very much committed to the sustainability of the Bar and are having regular discussions.
The previous Conservative Government presided over a justice system where 60% of rape victims abandoned their cases, primarily due to the delays in court proceedings.
This Government have prioritised victims by allocating a record number of sitting days.
Does the Solicitor General agree that despite Opposition Members’ expressions of outrage, their Government failed to tackle the backlog and deliver timely justice to victims?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As I have said a number of times, the root causes of the backlog lie with the Conservatives not taking action.
It falls to this Government to take action, and it is action we are taking.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of serious and violent crime in West Ham and Beckton constituency.
We are taking strong action as part of our plan for change to tackle the serious and violent crime on our streets.
Our new Crime and Policing Bill will back our police and prosecutors by giving them enhanced and tougher powers to keep our streets safe, to tackle antisocial behaviour and to crack down on knife crime.
I know my hon.
Friend will also welcome the record £1.16 billion investment in the Metropolitan police from the Home Secretary and the Mayor of London, which will help deliver this Government’s safer streets mission in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
My constituents in West Ham and Beckton are extremely concerned about knife crime.
We have had a serious number of incidents over the last few years, including in the last few weeks.
Could my hon.
and learned Friend reassure my constituents on the work that the Government are doing to take a stronger approach on prosecuting knife crime and the work being done to support victims?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this important issue.
This Government have already banned machetes.
We are introducing legislation that will clamp down on the sale of dangerous knives online, and we are committed to banning ninja swords, too.
I recently met the CPS’s victim transformation programme and heard how the CPS is fundamentally transforming the way it provides support to victims to ensure that they get the assistance they need at every stage of the criminal justice process.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of serious and violent crime in Luton South and South Bedfordshire constituency.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that question.
The Government are taking decisive action to crack down on serious and violent crime right across the country, and to ensure that perpetrators of such offences are put behind bars.
As such, I welcome her strong support for the Crime and Policing Bill, which contains tough measures to tackle knife crime and other crime.
Sadly, Bedfordshire police recorded some of the highest knife crime rates in England in the year ending March 2024.
A robust and quick CPS response is key to delivering justice for victims and their families.
How are the Government ensuring that we increase prosecution rates for those serious offences to keep dangerous offenders off our streets?
My hon.
Friend raises a critical issue that affects communities in Bedfordshire and across the country.
An important part of the Government’s mission to make our streets safe is our commitment to halving knife crime in a decade.
We have implemented our ban on zombie-style knives and machetes, and we are moving forward with our plans to ban ninja swords later this year.
We know that more needs to be done to tackle the sale of knives and offensive weapons online, which is why we have recently announced Ronan’s law, which will include stricter rules for online knife sales.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  24 March  includes: Monday 24 March —Second Reading of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
Tuesday 25 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Non-domestic Rating (Multipliers and Private Schools) Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Great British Energy Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Terrorism (Protection of Premises)
Bill, followed by motion to approve the draft National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Wednesday 26 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will make her spring statement, followed by remaining stages of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Thursday 27 March —General debate on St Patrick’s day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by general debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  31 March  includes: Monday 31 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by remaining stages of the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education (Transfer of Functions etc) Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 1 April —Second Reading of the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill [Lords].