I am very sorry to hear of the case that my hon.
Friend raises.
As he knows, this Government inherited a criminal justice system in crisis with a record Crown court backlog, meaning that far too many victims such as his constituent are waiting too long for their day in court.
As part of the domestic abuse joint justice plan, in his local area the Crown Prosecution Service is trialling an enhanced partnership between Merseyside and Cheshire police and CPS prosecutors, to ensure that charging decisions, including in rape and serious sexual offence cases, are made more swiftly and stronger cases are brought from the outset, with a view to quicker and more successful prosecutions.
As a former chair of North Ayrshire Women’s Aid, I know how low the prosecution rates are in cases of violence against women and girls, and how they can discourage people from coming forward at all.
Victim withdrawal from prosecutions is also very high, for myriad reasons from poor treatment to long waiting times for court dates.
What work is being done to make  women feel more comfortable to come forward and report such cases, and to support them throughout the whole process?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work in this area.
She is right to raise the extremely important point of victim attrition, which is unacceptably high right across our United Kingdom.
That is why we have taken swift action in England and Wales, through the CPS victim transformation programme, appointing victim liaison officers to support victims throughout the legal process.
The Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar has also pledged to make this issue a priority as part of his new direction for Scotland.
Controlling and coercive behaviour is an insidious form of abuse.
Will my hon.
and learned Friend please outline what the Government are doing to deal with it?
Insidious is the right description.
We fully recognise just how damaging that form of abuse is, and that it can follow a pattern of escalation that can lead to violence.
That is precisely why the joint justice plan is underpinned by a commitment to tackle all forms of domestic abuse, ensuring that police and prosecutors can jointly tackle coercive control.
The Court of Appeal recently increased two sentences for controlling and coercive behaviour by way of the unduly lenient sentence scheme, which I hope sends a very strong signal about just how seriously such conduct will be taken.
Can the Solicitor General confirm that it is imperative that prosecution rates for all cases of violence are increased, and that she is not suggesting to the prosecuting authorities that they should discriminate on the grounds of gender?
I can confirm that this Government and the CPS take seriously prosecuting all crimes, including the most serious ones.
Equality before the law is a fundamental principle that underpins the rule of law and is foundational to this country.
Many victims are so traumatised after an assault that it takes them some time to come forward.
That causes delays and allows perpetrators to erase their traces.
What more can we do to encourage any victim of assault to come forward as quickly as possible, knowing that they will have support as soon as they report something?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
The CPS is working right across the country to ensure that victims feel more able to come forward and that its service to victims improves.
She will understand that the court backlog is key; unfortunately, we inherited a record court backlog from the previous Government, and we have to tackle it.
The Lord Chancellor is taking a range of measures to get it down, so that victims will have the confidence that when they come forward they will have their day in court and justice will be done.
In Surrey alone there are 1,500 cases waiting to be heard in our Crown court, including 166 sexual offences against women and  girls.
Prosecutors have been telling victims that they have between two and five years to wait to get their day in court.
That is appalling.
Will the Solicitor General talk to the Ministry of Justice to reopen Woking’s court complex, which was closed by the Conservative Government, to provide greater legal capacity in Surrey?
The hon.
Member is right to suggest that the root causes of the backlog are a direct result of Conservative choices and inaction.
The previous Government closed more than 260 court buildings—in one year alone the Tories closed 84 magistrates courts—which clearly led to this considerable court backlog.
I am pleased to say that the Lord Chancellor is taking action on that backlog by funding 108,500 sitting days in the Crown courts and increasing magistrates courts’ sentencing powers.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to use technology to help improve efficiency in the criminal justice system.
New technology has the potential to bring transformative benefits to the criminal justice system, as indeed it does to public services more broadly.
The Government recognise that technology has the potential to radically enhance the way in which public services are delivered to the benefit of all of us and the public purse.
For example, the Serious Fraud Office is trialling technology to improve the speed and quality of its disclosure work.
The results have been promising.
The tech identifies relevant documents 40% more quickly than traditional methods.
I am pleased to say that it will be rolled out to more cases in the coming months.
My constituency is home to three prisons: Lindholme, Hatfield and Moorland.
Given the challenges faced in our local criminal justice system, particularly in managing caseloads in prisons and capacity, will the Solicitor General outline what specific technological innovations are being prioritised to speed up court processes and improve access to justice for victims and defendants?
The work to improve our public services has to include the better use of technology.
The Government are taking decisive action to enable law enforcement agencies and prosecuting authorities to harness innovative and cutting-edge technologies to reduce the court backlog, improve efficiency in the criminal justice system and lead to better outcomes for victims.
I am pleased to say that the Government Legal Department is providing leadership in this area through its artificial intelligence centre of excellence, which offers expert support to colleagues across Government.