My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the additional resources for the NHS were only made possible by the Budget proposed by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor back in October.
My hon.
Friend is also right to say that as more money goes into the NHS, there is a duty to ensure that that is matched by reform.
The 10-year health plan will set out how we will deliver an NHS by creating a reformed and modern health service to ensure that the extra investment results in faster and more convenient treatment for patients, because that is what we all want to see.
Over the last 14 years, my Camborne, Redruth and Hayle constituency has seen child poverty rise.
A third of secondary school children are now persistently absent from school, educational attainment is below the national average and life expectancy has actually fallen.
Those were 14 years of abject failure, for which my constituents will never forgive the Conservative party.
Does the Minister agree that the true test of success of our plan for change and a decade of renewal should be measured in the positive changes to the lives of our poorest communities?
My hon.
Friend puts it well.
The missions that we have set out are focused on delivering long-term and ambitious outcomes that will make a meaningful difference to people’s lives.
Specifically on the issue he raised on child poverty and the best start in life, the plan for change has a specific target to close the development gap between children who are starting school, and to ensure that more children are ready to start school and to learn and to give them the opportunities that education can bring.
Our aim is that people from all backgrounds can benefit from those policies, and that is why the plan for change will make a real difference to people’s lives in all parts of the country.
Whether the Cabinet Secretary has issued guidance on ministerial appointments.
The Cabinet Secretary may be asked by the Prime Minister to advise on any matter supporting the smooth running of government, including ministerial appointments.
There is no written or published guidance on such matters.
Since July, three Ministers have had to resign for everything from fraud through to unwise entanglements in foreign affairs.
What steps will the Minister take to strengthen the ministerial code so that the public can have confidence in the Ministers that this Prime Minister appoints?
We have strengthened the ministerial code, but we do not need to take any advice from the Conservatives.
What we have seen from this Prime Minister is decisive action to uphold ministerial standards.
Compare that with the record of the previous Government where the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , was found guilty of bullying but was allowed to keep her post; where the Government whipped their MPs to block the suspension of former Minister Owen Paterson, who broke lobbying rules; and where the former Prime Minister Boris Johnson lied about being told of allegations of sexual misconduct by his Deputy Chief Whip.