The Prime Minister is determined to uphold high standards of conduct in public office, unlike the previous Government.
That is why decisive action has been taken.
This is a Government in the service of working people, and we will not hesitate to take action against any Minister who fails to meet those high standards.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
We are taking action to strengthen the UK’s resilience.
Next month, the UK Resilience Academy will formally launch with the capacity to train over 4,000 people a  year.
Later this year, we will undertake a full national pandemic response exercise—the first of its kind in nearly a decade.
Of course, resilience has to protect the most vulnerable, so we are mapping vulnerability around the country to ensure that in our resilience strategy we can protect people from all backgrounds and of all incomes.
The covid inquiry found that years of under-investment under the Conservatives meant that our health services were already struggling to cope even before covid struck, with waiting lists rising years before the pandemic.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that investing in our NHS and tackling the terrible delays that patients, including many of my constituents in Stevenage, experience in receiving treatment are vital to improving our country’s resilience?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point not just to specific resilience measures but the most fundamental thing for national resilience: the underlying strength of the country and its services.
Nowhere is that more true that in the national health service.
We are investing in the national health service and are already seeing the early results of that, with the first fall in NHS waiting lists for years.
It is a good start; it is not enough, and we want to build on that progress to treat patients more quickly and, indeed, build our resilience in the process.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of Government advertising through social media.
The Government regularly evaluate the effectiveness of all communication channels, including social media, to ensure that they are delivering and providing value for money for taxpayers, and that Government messaging appears in appropriate environments.
Since Elon Musk purchased X three years ago, Departments have continued to spend money on subscriptions and ads on the site, and one Department has recorded a spend of more than £400,000 since 2022.
Given the lack of adequate content moderation, and an increase in the peddling of conspiracy theories, misogyny and racism on the site, often actively encouraged by its owner, does the Minister think it right to review Government spending on X?
I know that my hon.
Friend takes a keen interest in these matters.
In 2023, the previous Government suspended paid advertising on X while reviewing alignment with our SAFE framework.
That suspension remains in place.
We continue to post content, without paid promotion, to communicate important Government information.
What steps he is taking to ensure the security of democratic processes from foreign interference.
It is an absolute priority to protect the UK’s democratic processes from foreign interference.
The defending democracy taskforce has been set up to protect the democratic integrity of the UK from such interference.
The Prime Minister recently reconfirmed its mandate, and the Security Minister chaired a meeting of the taskforce last week.
As well as addressing foreign interference, will the Minister update us on how we can protect our own election infrastructure to safeguard against misinformation, voter suppression and cyber-attacks?
We had some earlier exchanges about cyber-attacks.
It is important that our democratic processes uphold their integrity and that people who take part in our elections exercise their choice freely and without external interference in the process.
The Government are dedicated to ensuring that that happens.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Cabinet Office questions, new procurement rules have come into force, which will help to deliver growth, drive value for money and, crucially, give small businesses greater access to the nearly £400 billion of Government procurement.
They also include stronger new powers to exclude and debar suppliers on national security and performance grounds.
We are also seeking out and reducing wasteful spending, including by using artificial intelligence to go through departmental spending line by line, because it is important that taxpayer funds are used for good public service outcomes.
We are seeing the initial fruits of that in the first reduction in NHS waiting lists for years.
Women in rural areas often face additional barriers to their engagement in politics, at both local government and national Government levels.
The reasons can vary: they may be social, cultural, structural, institutional, or often a perceived lack of knowledge.
As we celebrate International Women’s Day, what steps is the Minister taking to address those barriers and encourage women in rural areas to access and engage with politics?