My hon.
Friend is also a first, so I congratulate her on that—and, yes, I absolutely agree with her on that point.
On average, we will all live to see 80 Christmases.
The thing is, what are we going to do with them?
Some people in the world are acting like they will live forever—God, I hope we do not, and I know that that will not be the case—but some pass through the world, leaving it just as they found it.
Our job in Parliament is to change the world for the better.
We need to leave an indelible footprint by ensuring that the world protects all women, not just straight, white women.
We should start with the gay women, the black women and the disabled women.
If we protect those, we will protect all women and the world will be a better place.
I often say that I cannot get my rights until everybody has their rights, because our rights and our lives are very much intertwined—whether we believe it or not.
And just because I am pro-women, pro-LGBTQI+ and pro-black, it does not mean, as has been said online, that I am anti-white; far from it.
I am pro-jerk chicken and rice and peas and I still love a bit of pie and mash and fish and chips.
We can love more than one thing and be pro many things.
I want to end with a cold reality check.
In Malcolm Gladwell’s brilliant book, “The Tipping Point” and in his follow-up book “Revenge of the Tipping Point”, he talks about the law of the very few, the overstory and the counterfactual line “what would have happened if”.
We were slowly winning the war on highlighting violence against women and girls, highlighting injustices and highlighting discrimination, but we did not appreciate the honest conversations that we needed to have around how epidemics work, or appreciate the power of group proportions.
We are fooling ourselves if we think that we bear no responsibility for this epidemic of violence against women and girls.
Epidemics have rules and they have boundaries.
They are subjected to overstories, and we in society are in a position of power to create those overstories.
These overstories change in size and shape when they reach a tipping point and it is possible to know when we are reaching that tipping point.
We are currently at that tipping point when it comes to violence against women and girls.
The opioid crisis in the US is a lesson for us all.
Most of the medical profession acted professionally, but a tiny fraction—just a few—did not, and that was enough to fuel an opioid epidemic in the US.
That tiny fraction was driven by a certain class of people, and those people can be identified.
The tools needed to control an epidemic are right in front of us.
They are sitting on the table, and we can either grab those tools or let the unscrupulous people grab them.
If we grab them, we can build a better world.
We need to take action and have an honest conversation.
We need to ensure that organisations that believe in fair pay get the procurement contracts.
We need to be mindful about the social media platforms that we use, and we need to elect people who care for many people, not just the 1%.
By doing that, we will accelerate action, which is the theme of International Women’s Day this year.
I end with a message to the straight white boys and men in the middle of the table: “We need your protection, we need your love, we need your care and we need your kindness.”
We know, as I have said, that daughters and young girls learn how to be treated by their partners by watching how men treat women in their lives, and young boys learn how to be men from the men in their lives, so we need all men, regardless of colour, class and economic status, to lead by example.
Women are literally fighting for their lives.
I want every single man in the world watching this debate to join us in that struggle.
We should all believe in fairness.
We should all believe in ending discrimination and homophobia.
In the time that it has taken me to make this speech, one woman globally will have been killed by her partner or a family member.
May her soul rest in peace.
It is a true privilege to speak in this year’s debate.
I will start by acknowledging just some of the women in Scottish politics who are inspiring and paving the way for future generations of women in Scotland, especially the next generation of female politicians.
There is our Chief Whip, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen North (Kirsty Blackman) , who would have loved to be here today but sadly could not make it; Karen Adam, our MSP for Banffshire and Buchan Coast; and two—only two—of our local councillors in Aberdeenshire: Gwyneth Petrie, our opposition group leader, and Louise McAllister, our group chair.
I pay tribute to the tireless work done by Sally Donald, a member of staff for my neighbouring MP, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey (Graham Leadbitter) .
As co-chair of ParliGender, the workplace equality network advocating for gender equality  in Parliament, she has introduced a mentorship scheme for female members of staff, which has been very popular, showing the demand for such schemes in this place.
While I stand here and thank the women who have committed their time, energy and lives to the people of Scotland, I want to take a second to note that at our current pace, a girl born today will be nearly 40 years old before women in this place hold as many seats in Parliament as men.
That is a devastating statistic in the face of this year’s theme: rights, equality and empowerment.
Although we are honoured to be in a Parliament that has the highest number of female MPs in history, let us not forget that women were only able to stand in elections as late as 1918.
Up until 1997, women had never held more than 10% of the seats in Parliament.
On this day dedicated to the rights, equality and empowerment of all women, I want to acknowledge the additional challenges that exist for women in today’s society, the obstacles they face to enter the world of politics and those that persist once they are here.
I want to acknowledge how much stronger and more diverse this House would be with more female colleagues sitting on these Benches.
I pay tribute to the great women of our independence movement in Scotland.
There are too many to mention, but I will name two: the late, great Winnie Ewing, who was an MP here, and the late president of the Fraserburgh SNP branch, Nancy Duffy.
I am endlessly inspired by my female colleagues and the female Members on these Benches.
I ask the Minister what initiatives the Government are taking to encourage more women and girls to access a career in politics, so that they may follow in the footsteps of all my female colleagues and ensure that the equal rights of all women are at the core of everything this Parliament is working towards.
Finally, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Brent East (Dawn Butler)  on securing this debate and on the powerful speech she made.
The hon.
Member for Bolsover (Natalie Fleet)  talked about the need for us to speak out about rape cases.
In the debate on SLAPPs—strategic lawsuits against public participation—in November, I brought to the Minister’s notice a rape case.
I was promised a ministerial meeting, and I am still waiting on that meeting.
That was five months ago, so perhaps the Minister here today could respond to that.
Will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to the longest serving leader and second-ever chair of Harlow council, Tom Farr, who passed away on Tuesday?
Tom devoted so much of his life to serving the community of Harlow as both a councillor and a secondary school teacher, and also as the chair of Harlow primary health trust.
The emergency alert system is a vital tool for warning and informing in a case of a serious incident where there is a threat to life.
This Government have used the tool five times, including the largest ever deployment for Storm Arwen.
We are incorporating the lessons identified, including on improved targeting, into alert mechanisms.
Last month, I laid regulations, which, subject to parliamentary approval, will give the Infected Blood Compensation Authority the powers that it needs to pay compensation to all eligible people by all routes.
My aim is for the regulations to be enforced by  31 March  to enable IBCA to begin payments to all eligible groups this year.
The Cabinet Secretary may be asked by the Prime Minister to advise on any matter supporting the smooth running of government, including ministerial appointments.
There is no written or published guidance on such matters.
We have strengthened the ministerial code, but we do not need to take any advice from the Conservatives.
What we have seen from this Prime Minister is decisive action to uphold ministerial standards.
Compare that with the record of the previous Government where the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , was found guilty of bullying but was allowed to keep her post; where the Government whipped their MPs to block the suspension of former Minister Owen Paterson, who broke lobbying rules; and where the former Prime Minister Boris Johnson lied about being told of allegations of sexual misconduct by his Deputy Chief Whip.