I am very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his work as Paymaster General.
Indeed, I was pleased to facilitate his recent visit to IBCA and am grateful to him for the constructive approach that he continues to take.
On the specific issue that he raises around the contracts that IBCA has entered into, I can say that I entirely agree with him about the need for transparency, and that is something that I am re-emphasising to IBCA.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Administrations.
Since entering government, we have reset working relations with the devolved Governments and I am now working to support those efforts.
All three tiers of the intergovernmental structures are in operation.
Several of the portfolio-level inter-ministerial groups have met, while the middle tier inter-ministerial Standing Committee and finance inter-ministerial Standing Committee both met last Thursday.
The top-tier meeting between the Prime Minister and the Heads of the devolved Governments also met alongside the Council of the Nations and Regions in October.
Of course those formal structures are not the sum total of our engagement, as we continue to collaborate closely on issues affecting citizens in all parts of the country.
Although much of public service delivery is devolved, all four nations face a shared challenge of reforming these services in a tight fiscal environment.
What can the nations learn from one another about reforming these services, and does the Minister agree that it is important that they do learn from one another?
My hon.
Friend raises a key and important challenge.
In every part of these islands, public services need both resources and reform given the Government’s inheritance back in July.
The UK Health Secretary has set out ambitious plans to roll out new AI technologies, upgrade the NHS app and reform the healthcare system to bring down waiting lists.
Last week, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster met devolved Government Ministers to discuss public service reform, data sharing and harnessing work on public service reform across these islands.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the European Union.
A closer, more co-operative relationship with the EU is in the UK’s national interests as it will grow the economy, boost living standards,  protect our borders and keep the UK safe.
I am taking forward discussions with my EU counterpart Commissioner Maroš Šefčovič.
The UK-EU leaders summit on  19 May  will be an important opportunity to drive forward this agenda.
Palmerston said that this country has no eternal allies and no perpetual enemies, only interests which are eternal and perpetual.
Does the Minister agree that it is in our eternal interests for there to be security in Europe and a sovereign Ukraine?
Will he congratulate the Prime Minister on his statesmanship and leadership at this dangerous moment?
I certainly join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the Prime Minister on the careful and considered leadership he is showing at a time when we face a once-in-a-generation moment for the collective security of our country and our continent.
We remain absolutely committed to securing a lasting peace in Ukraine.
On  2 March , the Prime Minister hosted international leaders in London to discuss support for Ukraine.
As he said, “we will never choose between either side of the Atlantic…the past week has shown that that idea is totally unserious.”—[Official
Report,  3 March 2025 ; Vol. 763, c. 25.]
We are stepping up on defence and security, and we know that Europe is stepping up, too.
Last week, I was in Ukraine, where, following Trump’s betrayal, the need for European solidarity to defend our democracy has never been more evident.
The unintended consequences of Brexit for our economy and our security are certainly very real.
It is increasingly obvious that the UK cannot afford the luxury of splendid isolation.
In the spirit of nothing being off the table, will the Minister’s Department start a discussion in government about the UK moving to customs union and single market membership?
The closer and the quicker we align with our European partners, the safer we will all be.
I always thought the SNP’s policy was one of splendid isolation, but that is certainly not the UK Government’s policy.
Indeed, we are working very closely with our European partners.
That is precisely the leadership that the Prime Minister has been showing in the past week.