That was kind of where it ended today, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Leader of the House has again used his slot to ask me not a single question.
He says that I have not given him any answers in any of the weeks that we have been standing at the Dispatch Box, but if he really wants me to tell him again today where he has gone wrong, I am happy to give him some advice.
I am happy to tell him that yes, his Government did get many things wrong, and we are getting many things right.
If the shadow Leader of the House wants to play business questions bingo, perhaps we can start by saying “Bingo!”
every time he actually asks me a question, because we did not hear much of that today.
There are lots of people in the Chamber for business questions today, so I will not detain the House for much longer, but I notice that the shadow Leader of the House did not ask me about some of the really good things that the Government have been doing here at home, as well as abroad.
As there are a lot of people here today, I remind the House that we have confirmed the first 750 schools that will receive free breakfast clubs, because we do not want any child to start school hungry.
We are ending the 8 am scramble in our GP surgeries, with more appointments and better access.
We have launched our fantastic commonhold White Paper, which is another step towards finally ending the feudal leasehold system, and we are dealing with the courts backlog that the shadow Leader of the House’s Government left us with—another shameful reminder of their shocking record on criminal justice.
We have also announced our plan for neighbourhoods, with another £1.5 billion to help restore pride in our communities.
That is on top of the additional amendments to our Employment Rights Bill.
Unlike the shadow Leader of the House’s vacuous contribution today, this Government are getting on with delivering for the country, whether at home or abroad.
Flooding has caused heartache for families and communities in my constituency.
In order to be protected from extreme flooding, they desperately need Sheffield city council’s excellent proposals for the upper Don flood alleviation scheme, including work on the Clough Dike culvert and Whitley Brook improvements.
Despite widespread local support and the importance of that scheme, the Conservatives never actually allocated funding to it.
Will the Leader of the House allow time to debate flood alleviation schemes, to ensure that the appropriate funding is allocated in the forthcoming spending review?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the flood assets we inherited were in the poorest condition on record after many years of under-investment.
That is why we are putting more money into flood assets and have launched the floods resilience taskforce.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend is kept updated on how those things will affect her constituency.