The B23 postcode in my constituency has experienced a troubling surge in knife-related offences.
The west midlands violence reduction unit has been instrumental in addressing the issue, engaging with over 8,000 young people and contributing to a 18% reduction in youth violence involving knives between April and September 2024.
However, the violence reduction unit depends on short-term annual funding, which restricts its capacity for long-term strategic planning.
Will the Leader of the House schedule a debate in this Chamber to discuss the incredible work of violence reduction units and explore the long-term funding arrangements for these organisations?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue.
The Government are determined to tackle knife crime.
She is right that this is a long-term strategy.
It is about prevention and supporting organisations like the one she mentions, and establishing organisations such as Young Futures and the coalition to tackle knife crime, which the Prime Minister brought together, as well as taking the steps we are already taking to ban the sale of knives and to pass other measures that are in the forthcoming Crime and Policing Bill.
She will note that there is a debate on this matter in two weeks’ time in the Chamber.
Last week, I attended the Thrive youth café held at All Saints church in Huntingdon.
The café runs on Mondays and Fridays after school.
Richard and Ruth, who run the space, said that it provides a safe space and a listening ear, as well as pool, table tennis and a PlayStation.
Crucially, it provides opportunities for young people to access support from local youth workers.
Funding for the Thrive youth café is precarious, with grants allowing the project to exist only in six-monthly cycles, and it desperately needs longer-term funding guarantees.
Will the Leader of the House make time in the schedule to celebrate the value that such provision brings to teenagers and young people?
And can I invite her to the youth café to try one of its now infamous Oreo milkshakes?