In a  speech in December, the Minister said that he wanted to put bureaucracy on more of a “start-up” footing with a Silicon Valley vibe, and that in order to achieve that he was going to send teams—indeed, not just teams, but crack teams—to Manchester, Liverpool, Sheffield and Essex in order to test, learn, and fix by Friday.
I have a simple question: in those three months, how many of those crack teams have gone in, what have they tested, what have they learned, and what have they fixed by Friday?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for reading my speeches so closely, but what he has misunderstood is that the teams are on the ground, and the process is to learn every week.
I am glad to report that I have already visited a couple of those areas, and good work is under way.
The whole point is that this will develop, it will adapt, and perhaps it will be different from the record of the Conservative party, which saw a growth of 131,000 public officials over the last— Order.
I know we have mentioned Thursday and Friday, but I think we are on Sunday already.
The York Central development site is pivotal in driving forward York and North Yorkshire’s economy, and at the heart of that site will be a Government hub.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that that hub is not separate from the rest of the site, but integrated in the economic vision that we have for York?
It is critical that Government property and Government assets support economic growth in constituencies, including that of my hon.
Friend, and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss that further.
To great fanfare the Government cancelled the previous Government’s contract for ministerial travel by helicopter, describing £40 million as “grossly wasteful”.
We now learn that the Government have signed their own contract for ministerial helicopter travel, but it is a secret contract—so secret that we do not know how much it will cost.
Will the Minister confirm whether it will cost more or less than £40 million?
I think on this one I had better write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Local people across my constituency have said how much they value and welcome the vast investment that we have seen in our public services, from our NHS to our schools and beyond.
Will the Minister please set out what steps are also being taken to reform our public services, working with other Cabinet colleagues?
As I have said a few times this morning, reform is important, particularly when the taxpayer is being asked to put in extra investment.
That is true in schools as well as in the NHS, because we want to ensure that teachers can do what they want to do, which is teach children in the classroom.
That is also why the best start in life is one of the targets in the Government’s plan for change, which was published in December.
During their eight months in government, what assessment have the ministerial team made of the productivity of the civil service?
What measures are they putting in place to improve it, and will the Minister report back to the House?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for the work that he did on public sector productivity.
It was probably essential given that in the eight years between 2016 and 2024 the previous Government employed   an extra 131,000 civil servants, so it is quite right that we look at the productivity for the extra employment sanctioned by the last Government.
Does the Minister have an appetite for a policy of like-for-like retaliation when a cyber-attack by a hostile state is confirmed?
I have both appetite and full faith in our excellent intelligence and security services, who protect us every day.
That completes questions—after Jim Shannon.
The best is always last.
What assessment has the Minister made of the volume of apprenticeships offered within the cyber-security industry, specifically in relation to digital software and hacking prevention online?
We want to see more apprenticeships.
The numbers have come down, compared with where they should be.
The area that the hon.
Gentleman highlights would be a very good and fruitful one for people to learn more about and get the skills they need.
Before we come to business questions I am sorry to have to pass on the sad news that a long-standing colleague, Peter Hipkins, passed away at the weekend after a short illness.
Peter devoted 52 years of service to the House of Commons, latterly working in service delivery in the Palace, ensuring the papers were always delivered correctly and on time.
He previously worked as an attendant in Norman Shaw North and 3 Dean’s Yard.
During his working life, he was known and well thought of at all levels of Parliament, from the colleagues he worked with to the thousands of Members he ensured could go about their duties and all the public and visitors to Parliament.
He will be missed.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  10 March  includes: Monday 10 March —Second Reading of the Crime and Policing Bill.
Tuesday 11 March —Remaining stages of the Employment Rights Bill, day one.
Wednesday 12 March —Remaining stages of the Employment Rights Bill, day two.
Thursday 13 March —General debate on the future of farming, followed by a general debate on mental health support in educational settings.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 14 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  17 March  will include: Monday 17 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, day one.
Tuesday 18 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, day two.
Wednesday 19 March —Consideration of Lords amendments to the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions)
Bill, followed by Opposition day, first allotted day, second part: debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 20 March —General debate on knife crime among children and young people, followed by a general debate on coastal communities.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 21 March —The House will not be sitting.
Mr Speaker, may I first associate myself very strongly with your kind remarks about Peter Hipkins and his service to this House?
We join all colleagues in celebration of International Women’s Day this Saturday.
I am sure the whole House will also share my deep concern at the latest news in relation to Ukraine and will wish to send all of our best wishes to the Prime Minister and other European leaders in doing everything they can to support that country.
It is now three months or so since I became shadow Leader of the House, and I am sad to say that these joyous Thursday morning sessions seem to have fallen into a little bit of a rut.
[Interruption.]
“No, no!”, I hear you cry, “Business questions are still as fresh, lively and engaging as they ever were, if not more so,” but sadly I fear that is not true.
It is our function on the Opposition Benches to press public concerns and raise questions about the Government—indeed, as His Majesty’s loyal Opposition, it is not only our function, but our constitutional duty to do so.
It is the Government’s job to respond to those questions and concerns and, in  so doing, to make the case publicly for the policy choices and decisions they have made and to say whether they have an underlying strategy.
Unfortunately, as you will have noticed, Mr Speaker, the Government are not doing that in our sessions.
In fact, the Leader of the House rarely, if ever, responds to the important public questions and concerns that I raise.
Instead, I am sorry to say that we get the same endlessly reheated mishmash of standard party political lines, personal jibes and irrelevant comment.
Hon.
Members will recall that I first raised this issue at business questions on  5 December , when I highlighted a series of occasions on which the Leader had been unwilling to answer or even address some obvious examples of Government economic incompetence.
As I pointed out: “Many different responses were open to her.
She could have said, ‘I agree with you.’”
—[Official Report,  5 December 2024 ; Vol. 758, c. 458.]
She could have said, “The shadow Leader is wrong for the following reasons,” or even, “I don’t know.”
If she did not want to respond at that time, she could have said, as so many other Ministers do, “I will look into it,” “I will reply to you,” or, “I will ask a colleague to investigate and respond”.
We just heard the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster say those things.
In fact, on none of those occasions did the Leader of the House bother to give any kind of proper answer at all.
Instead, her approach was to change the subject and attack the previous Government, rather than to defend the record of her own Government—which is, after all, the whole point of these exchanges.
More troubling still is that she herself has so often called for transparency from Ministers, and that a failure to be accountable is itself a breach of the rules of this House, of the Nolan principles and of the ministerial code of conduct.
I wish I could report that anything has changed since December.
If anything, however, I am afraid that matters have got worse.
A recent low point was at business questions on  13 February , when I raised five important issues relating to the Government’s approach to the rule of law, including the potential clash between domestic and international law, the level of risk that the Government sought to take and their attitude towards judicial review.
I am sorry to say that the Leader of the House did not bother to respond to any of those questions: instead, we had yet another series of irrelevant political attacks.
We need a better way to track and monitor those evasions, so, in the spirit of openness and transparency, I propose a new approach, which we can call “Leader’s bingo”.
Colleagues get a point every time the Leader of the House blames the previous Government, attacks Members of the Opposition, changes the subject or uses the words “gently remind”, “take no lectures” or similar in her response.
I would not for one second suggest that colleagues shout “Bingo!” in the Chamber, but there may be other ways in which they can indicate when they have filled their card.
That is a light-hearted suggestion, but it has a serious purpose.
I know how strongly you, Mr Speaker, feel about the importance of parliamentary accountability, transparency and the proper scrutiny of Government decisions.
I ask the Leader of the House again if she will reaffirm her commitment to those values and engage properly with the questions I ask in the future.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in passing on our condolences to the family of Peter Hipkins, who gave long service in this House.
I also wish peace and blessings to those observing Ramadan and those marking Lent.
Today is also World Book Day, a day to celebrate our favourite books and authors—and, I have to say, every working parent’s worst nightmare, because of having to find a last-minute costume.
I see that the shadow Leader of the House has come as his favourite author: himself.
For those who have not read the thrilling historical novel, “The Winding Stair”, it is still available in all good bookshops.
He can give me some royalties later.
Saturday marks International Women’s Day.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing us to come together in this Chamber and take a historic photograph to mark the most female MPs ever being elected to this House.
It is a reminder that the gender pay gap in this country is still 13.1%, and women work for free on average seven weeks a year—although perhaps the shadow Leader of the House is working for free most of the time.