Given that public sector procurement accounts for a third of all public sector spending, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that it is less siloed, more joined up, and as efficient as the private sector?
That is such an important question.
We need to deliver value for money in how we do procurement.
One change that we made in the new national procurement policy statement is ensuring that contracting authorities procure collaboratively, crack down on some of the excessive costs of private frameworks and ensure that they are transparent.
We are using AI to streamline procurement, and have set up a new commercial innovation challenge at the heart of government to ensure buying supports innovation and growth.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
Last month, I laid regulations, which, subject to parliamentary approval, will give the Infected Blood Compensation Authority the powers that it needs to pay compensation to all eligible people by all routes.
My aim is for the regulations to be in force by  31 March  to enable IBCA to begin payments to all eligible groups this year.
Last year, I was contacted by a constituent who tragically lost her husband to infected blood and I am continuing to support her.
There is an understandable lack of trust between victims and the authorities after such a long wait for justice, and my constituent is concerned about the urgency in compensating affected families.
When he spoke in the House last month, the Minister committed to producing an easy-read version of the regulations.
Can he say when that is likely to be published and will he commit to full transparency on the progress of settling claims?
I will publish a simplified version of the document explaining the infected blood compensation scheme by the end of the month.
Transparency is vital.
IBCA, although an independent body, is committed to being open with the community and publishes monthly figures showing progress on compensation claims.