Why are the Government scared of allowing the National Security Adviser to give evidence to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy?
The shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster will be aware that accountability to Parliament is through Ministers.
The Prime Minister is regularly accountable to Parliament, and I am very happy to appear before the Committee at any convenient time.
I am sure the Committee will be delighted to hear that.
However, there is a precedent in this area: David Frost, now Lord Frost, was an adviser when he gave evidence to the Committee in May 2020.
The Committee is unanimous: the new adviser must appear.
The Government’s own Osmotherly rules say that Ministers should agree to a request for evidence from any “named official, including special advisers”.
This Government promised greater transparency.
Why are they breaking another promise?
Special advisers are appointed by the Minister whom they advise, and the line of accountability is through Ministers to Parliament.
That is why the Prime Minister takes questions every week at this Dispatch Box.
The National Security Adviser is an adviser to the Prime Minister, and as I said, I am also very happy—as are other Ministers, I imagine—to appear before the Committee at a convenient time.
As parliamentary chair of the Coalition on Secure Technology, I have raised several times in this House concerns over the prevalence of Chinese manufactured internet of things cellular modules.
Will the procurement review unit carry out a risk assessment of the true risks posed by Chinese supplies of cellular modules in the UK’s critical national infrastructure, and will he meet me to discuss this important issue?
The Government take the security of critical national infrastructure extremely seriously.
The UK’s national technical authorities, including the National Protective Security Authority, the National Cyber Security  Centre and the UK National Authority for Counter-Eavesdropping, already provide expert guidance and best practice to owners and operators of UK critical national infrastructure, including on risk assessments and supply chains.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.