It has been drawn to my attention this week that there is a continuing problem in this country with a reserved matter: the supply of drugs.
A 22-year-old constituent of mine, who is an elite athlete and unfortunately has inoperable brain tumours, came to me to say that drug inhibitors that would help him are currently on open access trial in this country.
Unfortunately, the health board in my constituency is not taking part, so drugs that could save his life and allow him to continue with his ambitions are available, but he cannot access them.
Would the Leader of the House either consider having a debate on how we make access to drugs on trial universal across the UK, or set up a meeting for me with the relevant Minister to discuss this issue?
I am really sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and I am very familiar with these issues.
Unfortunately, my gorgeous cousin recently died of a brain tumour, and it is a terrible illness.
It is something that I have personally spoken to the Health Secretary about.
There are drugs that could be made more available, and there are trials.
The Health Secretary is committed to doing that, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  has been campaigning on these issues for a number of years.
I will absolutely ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I have received an email from my constituent that says: “On April 1 last year I had a fall on Highgate Golf Course which resulted in a complex break of my right leg.
Friends phoned for an ambulance but were told that an ambulance would not come for this type of emergency…On a cold spring day, I was left lying in an isolated spot on the wet ground, unable to move and in great pain, with very limited options about getting to hospital.”
Could we have a debate about the response of ambulances in such serious situations, so that my constituents do not have to go through something like that again?
I am sorry to hear of that case.
Ambulance wait times, and the availability of ambulances, are still absolutely unacceptable.
They are a symptom of an NHS that is still in crisis.
Ambulances find themselves waiting outside A&Es with patients on board, unable to get them inside, which means that they are unable to go on to the next case.
We are taking action, and I will ensure that the House is kept updated and that my hon.
Friend’s case is looked into.
This week, I received a copy of the national priority infrastructure Bill from the “Looking for Growth” campaign.
The campaign’s proposals rightly highlight the complexity in our energy and planning systems.
We urgently need more nuclear power and data centres to drive forward the artificial intelligence and robotics revolution here in Britain, but with the highest industrial energy prices in Europe, we risk falling behind.
Can we have a debate about how planning can best be reformed to provide reliable, affordable and abundant energy?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that these are very important matters.
We are speeding up our planning and infrastructure decision making so that we can get more nuclear, more data centres, and  more onshore and offshore wind, and deliver the energy security that the country so desperately needs.
I am sure that he will delight in reading the forthcoming planning and infrastructure Bill, probably in a matter of days.
Zoe Dunklin, from Thrapston in my constituency, is a former Paralympian who represented our country on the global stage.
Recently, the publicly funded Motability scheme refused her request for a six-way driver’s seat, which would have meant that she could use a car independently.
Instead, the scheme only offered a vehicle that would force her to rely on carers to get her in and out, thereby preventing her from working and volunteering, and taking away her independence.
She has even offered to pay the difference in price in order to get what she needs to live independently.
Will the Leader of the House join me in fighting for the independence that Zoe and others deserve?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend highlights how important it is to give people independence and mobility so they can go about their lives and work as well.
He will be aware that the Motability Foundation is an independent charity, but the Government continue to work with it to ensure that its policies are open and inclusive, as they should be.
As the Green party representative on the cross-party commission on social care, I was deeply disappointed at the cancellation, with only a day’s notice, of last week’s planned initial talks.
Since social care is in crisis, surely it should be a matter of urgency to get these talks rescheduled, but I have as yet had no response to my request for a new date.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to urgently prioritise setting a new date for the talks as soon as possible?
I absolutely will do so, because these talks are essential.
We are determined to take forward cross-party talks on the future of social care, which is so important.
If the comments from across the Atlantic this week have reminded us of anything, it is that we should always keep at the forefront of our minds the bravery of our service personnel, not least in recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan when serving alongside the US and other allies.
I therefore ask my right hon.
Friend to find time on the Floor of the House for us to debate the bravery and sacrifices of our service personnel.
Hear, hear.
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend can hear from the cheers across the House that this would make a very popular and important debate.
It would be a reminder that our armed services have gone to many countries around the world in support of our allies over many years and sacrificed their lives, and we should always remember their bravery and their contribution.
I assume that the Leader of the House shares my constituents’ alarm that a court found that a convicted  drug dealer who was here illegally could not be deported because he was too “Westernised”; that prolific offenders, including domestic abusers, are, as I understand it, going to be offered anger management courses, rather than being incarcerated; and, most of all, that the new sentencing guidelines suggest that judges should look at felons’ ethnicity and religion before sentencing.
Will she allow a debate on criminal justice to enable us to expose the huge gulf between the liberal bourgeoisie’s prejudices and those of our constituents, who want people caught, captured, convicted and punished, regardless of whether they are black, brown, white or any other colour?
I think the right hon.
Member is talking about deporting criminals when they should be deported.
He will be aware, or should be aware, that nearly 3,000 foreign criminals have been deported since the election, which is an increase of more than 20% compared with situation under the last Government.
However, he is right to point out that there are still gaps in that system, which is why we have brought in the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
The Bill will strengthen powers to tackle illegal migration and the small boats, and enable the Government to pick up the pace even further on returning those who have no right to be here.
In a series of hard-hitting articles in The Herald and the Evening Times recently, the current condition of my home city of Glasgow was reviewed, and issues as diverse as potholes in Partick and poverty in Drumchapel, as well as the state of the public realm, were raised.
After 14 years of the Tories in Westminster, 18 of the SNP at Holyrood and eight of an SNP-Green administration in Glasgow, the city is in need of a new vision.
Does the Leader of the House agree that joining a five-city pact, as suggested by Andy Burnham, is a sensible suggestion, and how does she think the Government could support that ambition and the ambition of all of us who have the best interests of Glaswegians and Glasgow at heart?
I am sure my hon.
Friend can appreciate that I, as a Mancunian, agree with all of Andy Burnham’s suggestions—nearly all of the time, anyway—and this sounds like a very good one.
However, she makes the bigger point that the Scottish Government, along with the previous Conservative Government here in Westminster, have failed the Scottish people.
That is why people voted overwhelmingly for a fresh start with Labour at the general election, and I am sure that will continue.
Women are being forced to face significant risk in order to be inclusive.
Men must not be allowed access to women-only spaces, regardless of whether they believe themselves to be a woman—they are not.
We must prioritise safety over inclusivity, dignity over wokery, reality over ideology.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time on protecting women-only spaces and women-only services?