We appear, regrettably, to be witnessing the start of a global trade war.
Over the past week, the United States has placed tariffs on some of its major trading partners, and they have retaliated in kind.
The President has said that he intends to place tariffs of 25% on EU goods soon.
Should that happen, it is highly likely that the EU will respond.
Even if the United Kingdom were to avoid tariffs, the consequences for Northern Ireland could be particularly complex.
What conversations has the Paymaster General had with his European counterparts to ensure that Northern Ireland is not caught in the crossfire of a trade war?
First, we have a strong and proud tradition over centuries of free trade here in the United Kingdom, and we will continue to make the case for that.
With regard to our specific trading relationship with the United States, the hon.
Gentleman will have seen that, after conversations between the Prime Minister and the President in the Oval Office last Thursday, we wish to deepen our trading relationship with the United States.
Specifically on Northern Ireland, I completely understand his point, and we will continue to monitor the impact of any such policy on Northern Ireland.
I am grateful to the Paymaster General for his response, but it sounds as though he has not yet had any conversations with his EU counterparts on the issue.
I appreciate that he has a meeting on  19 May , but I am sure he will understand that tariffs may come much sooner than that.
That being the case, will he undertake, first, to talk to his European counterparts and secondly, to come and give a statement to this House as soon as he has done so, so that we can understand that the Government are preparing for such an eventuality?
Can he also make it clear to our friends in Europe that should trade and manufacturing be disrupted in Northern Ireland, we will not hesitate to use our powers under article 16 of the Windsor framework to protect businesses there?
To reassure the hon.
Gentleman, the Windsor framework taskforce is based in the Cabinet Office and I regularly discuss issues on Northern Ireland with my European counterparts.
I can assure him that I will speak to Maroš Šefčovič on a number of occasions prior to  19 May .
I hope the hon.
Gentleman will take that reassurance.
He should also be reassured that we will, of course, always act in the best interests of the people of Northern Ireland.