The US Defence Secretary, Pete Hegseth, has this week announced the stepping back of US counter-cyber measures against Russia.
This incredibly concerning decision by the Americans threatens not only their cyber-security, but our own.
The Russian Government have been accused of orchestrating a widespread campaign of interference and disinformation that seeks to undermine the global order.
In 2020, the UK Parliament’s Intelligence and Security Committee stated that the Government had underestimated the response required to the Russian threat.
Can the Minister tell us what further measures the Government are taking to protect British democracy, and will he commit to publishing the full, unredacted Russia report?
We are fully alive to the threat posed by Russian cyber-attacks.
I mentioned in my previous answer the threat from state and non-state actors, and there is sometimes a threat from state-backed actors against our public infrastructure.
We will work as hard as possible to protect our institutions against such attacks, and our intelligence co-operation with the United States remains a very important part of our defences.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber-security.
The Government are taking action to strengthen our cyber-security and protect our digital economy.
The Home Office has launched a public consultation on proposals to tackle ransomware—one of the most malicious types of attack—to protect UK businesses, improve reporting and strike a blow against those who use this model of organised crime.
However, this is a major challenge, as I have said, and it is an ongoing battle against those who seek to us do harm, to extort money and to undermine the delivery of crucial public services.
I share some of the concerns expressed by  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) .
Last week I spoke to businesses and officials working on Ukraine’s critical national infrastructure, who are on the frontline of Russian cyber-attacks.
They told me that, since the invasion, there have been cyber-attacks on virtually every aspect of Ukrainian life, and highlighted the scope of the damage they have done to civilian and military operations.
Can my right hon.
Friend say a little more about how we are learning the lessons from this conflict and what we are doing to protect our own national infrastructure from Russian cyber-attacks?
The Government are helping Ukraine’s cyber-defenders to detect, disrupt and deter Russian cyber-attacks.
The programme is back by £16 million of UK funding, using world-leading expertise from both the private and the public sectors to protect Ukraine’s critical national infrastructure.
We understand that the protection of cyber-assets is part of modern warfare, and we are providing this help for Ukraine, just as we have supplied it with a large number of weapons over the past three years.