The Minister for Intergovernmental Relations is an extremely experienced Minister, so will he cause to be reviewed the quite extraordinary decision to cut the integrated security fund by £120 million?
Is that fund not a classic example of how development complements defence demonstrably and effectively?
Will he listen to the great concerns that Members on his own side of the House feel at the terrible decision to axe crucial development spending?
The right hon.
Gentleman has great experience in this area, and I respect his judgment very much.
He will also have seen the world rapidly change before our eyes in recent weeks.
The leadership task when the world is changing so fast is to understand the change, respond to it and explain it.
I believe that in the decisions the Prime Minister has taken in this area in recent weeks he has fulfilled those obligations in full and in a way that this House is proud of.
Following the recent announcement that the Smedley Hydro Government site in my constituency will close in the years to come, will the Minister work with me to ensure that the hundreds of jobs currently based there are relocated at a new site also in the constituency?
I know how hard my hon.
Friend works for his constituency, and I very much understand his concerns.
My understanding is that there are no changes expected at the Smedley Hydro site in the first instance.
The Government Property Agency is actively working with the Home Office and NHS Digital to understand the future workforce requirements, but I would welcome a conversation to discuss that further.
We have already heard about the cyber-attacks on public bodies across this country.
Will the Cabinet Office ensure that full guidelines are given to every Government Department about the procurement of software and the need for security software to be kept up to date?
The people who attack us are rapidly improving their capability, and we must be on top of it.
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: the people who are attacking us are trying constantly to probe our defences, and as I have said a few times in the past hour, this is therefore a constant challenge.
It is a combination of hardware, software and good practice, and that applies to central Government, local government, public bodies and—crucially—businesses.
It is a national effort to protect the business that we do and the processes that we take for granted every day.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Food wholesale and distribution company Bidfood, which has been awarded public sector  contracts and has a site in my constituency, recently unilaterally tore up union recognition agreements that have been in place for more than 30 years.
What steps are Ministers taking to ensure that trade union recognition and access is valued and considered as part of the process of awarding public sector contracts?