Mr Speaker, I thank you and your Deputies for facilitating the estimates day debates yesterday and allowing the maximum number of people to contribute.
When we come to the full estimates—in May, we believe—if we can be advised of the dates so that we can do the processing of the applications, that would be appreciated.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, if we are given  Thursday 27 March , there will be a debate on St Patrick’s day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by a debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
We now have a queue of debates for the Chamber that will last until the summer recess.
We will be grateful for every Thursday and any time that can be given, particularly if the House is going to rise early on Government business.
In addition, the business in Westminster Hall on  Tuesday 11 March  will include a debate on the governance of English rugby union.
On  Thursday 13 March , there will be a debate on educational opportunities for young carers.
On  Tuesday 18 March —with your agreement, Mr Speaker—there will be a debate on free school meals.
On  Thursday 20 March , there will be a debate on British Sign Language Week and Government support  for the tourism industry.
On  Tuesday 25 March , there will be a debate on the retrospective accountability of the construction industry.
On  Thursday 27 March , there will be a debate on the prevention of drugs deaths, followed by a debate on the first anniversary of the Hughes report on valproate and pelvic mesh.
Yesterday, the External Affairs Minister from India, Shri Jaishankar, was attacked when he was leaving a public venue where he had been addressing an audience of Indian people in this country.
He was attacked by Khalistani thugs.
That is against the Geneva convention, and it appears that the police and the security forces failed to ensure that he was made safe.
That is an affront to democracy, and an affront to our friends and allies in India.
We need to make sure that does not happen again.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that the Home Secretary or an appropriate Minister makes a statement to the House about what protection we will have to ensure that visitors to this country are safe?