I have recently been inundated with correspondence following the collapse of SSB Law, a legal firm that took thousands of defective cavity wall insulation cases to court.
It has left constituents with tens of thousands of pounds in costs that they cannot afford during an unprecedented cost of living crisis.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government  have a plan to address this scandal?
What compensation will my constituents be offered to remove faulty cavity wall insulation so that they can finally be free of its devastating consequences?
It is always awful to hear of these cases.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman on the issue.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on international supplies of military equipment and ammunition to Ukraine.
The UK has been leading international support for the armed forces of Ukraine for 10 years since Russia first invaded Crimea in 2014, training more than 60,000 new recruits since 2015 and committing almost £12 billion in economic, humanitarian and military aid since 2022.
From the UK-founded, UK-administered international fund for Ukraine, which has pledged more than £900 million, to spearheading capability coalitions, our efforts have paved the way and made a genuine difference.
Our NLAW anti-tank missiles and our Javelins helped brave Ukrainians to devastate Putin’s menacing 40-mile armoured convoy, which was headed for Kyiv.
We were the first to send main battle tanks with our Challenger squadron, plus 500 armoured vehicles and 15,000 anti-armour weapons.
Last week the Defence Secretary announced to this House a new package of 200 Brimstone anti-tank missiles, plus £245 million for artillery munitions.
The UK will also co-lead an international capability coalition, alongside Latvia, to supply cutting-edge drones to Ukraine, in addition to the UK’s co-leadership of the international maritime capability coalition.
The Defence Secretary has urged partners and allies to commit to long-term support for Ukraine.
At the NATO Defence Ministers’ meeting on  15 February , the Defence Secretary and his counterparts from 14 NATO allies and Sweden signed an agreement on two new multinational procurement initiatives focusing on munitions and missiles.
Spearheaded by the UK, these initiatives aim to increase defence industrial capacity across the Euro-Atlantic area, replenish stockpiles at pace and continue support to Ukraine.
I commend the Government for their impressive record, but does the Minister accept that the equipment pledged by NATO nations is not reaching Ukraine in anything like the amounts promised?
Does he accept, for example, that less than a third of the 1 million shells promised by EU nations have arrived, that more than 300 artillery barrels will reach the end of their productive life this year, that very few pilots are being trained and that the Ukrainians are perilously short of air defence?
This is at a time when the Russians are on a war footing, with 40% of all their Government spending geared towards the destruction of the Ukrainian state.
Specifically, may I ask whether Defence Intelligence and the Government reckon that the Ukrainians will be able to hold their current positions, and if so, for how long?
When will artillery stocks run even lower and fall off a cliff edge?
Will the Minister confirm that we have delivered on all our pledges?
I was in east Ukraine last week.
Does he understand that, after the obliteration of the frontline town of Avdiivka, the Ukrainians are now asking which of their towns will be the next to be destroyed by Russian artillery, while Ukrainian soldiers die because they lack kit?
Finally, does he accept that the situation is becoming acutely dangerous for everybody,  with the forces of fascism beginning to overpower free states and their NATO allies?
Where does he believe we might be with security throughout Europe in the next few months?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend and I pay tribute to him and all parliamentarians who have visited Ukraine and shown our solidarity and support for our ally.
I know that he has a background as an officer in the Intelligence Corps, so he speaks not only with the passion we all share but with significant expertise on these matters.
He will therefore be aware that there is a limit to what I can say on the operational situation and being drawn into trying to estimate the level of supplies.
These are all sensitive and important points.
I think we can all agree that what my hon.
Friend says about air support and training is important.
I was at RAF Valley recently
and, as I understand it, we are providing 26 Ukrainians with elementary flying training.
We are flying the F-16 and we have Typhoon F-35s, while other countries will be providing the actual platforms.
He is absolutely right to say that air defence is a critical part of the conflict and we need to supply more.
We have provided over 1,000 air defence systems but we want to do more.
On the overall position, as I have said, we cannot provide a running commentary on the exact operational situation, but we provide regular tweets sharing what intelligence we can.
Fundamentally, my hon.
Friend is right to warn all of us, and indeed our allies, of the risk, were the situation to be reversed.
We can say with some certainty that when the war started, we would all have been surprised to be in this situation with Ukraine having won back so much territory and, frankly, remained in the fight.
That is thanks in a huge part to the role of the United Kingdom, and we should be proud of that.
As the Secretary of State confirmed in his recent oral statement, we provided NLAWs before Russia invaded and have been training Ukrainians since 2014—60,000 in total—but I know there is more to do.
My hon.
Friend has a very good understanding of these matters.
These capability coalitions—one on drones and the other on maritime— are a good way to turn the support that has been provided into targeted and effective capability on the frontline.
We are clear that we need to do more, and our allies need to stay with us in the fight.