What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What steps she is taking to support households in fuel poverty during winter.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
Fuel poverty is a devolved matter.
The latest figures, published on  15 February 2024 , showed that 3.17 million households were in fuel poverty in 2023.
The Government continue to deliver financial support to low-income homes and vulnerable households through the warm home discount scheme and cost of living payments.
As I am sure you are aware, Mr Speaker, the cost of living crisis is far from over for constituents in our area.
The Government’s latest energy efficiency policy, the Great British insulation scheme, was supposed to insulate 100,000 homes a year, but so far just 3,000 families have been helped in eight months, including only 35 homes in Lancashire and just six in Blackburn.
Will the Minister explain why currently it will take 60 years to meet their three-year target?
Energy efficiency is incredibly important to this Government and we have many schemes available.
The Great British insulation scheme alone has committed £592 million.
I hear what the Minister says about the Great British insulation scheme.
It comes after the green deal and the green homes grant, but frankly it looks like another failure.
There are 1.4 million people living in South Yorkshire, but just 137 of their homes have been upgraded under the GBIS.
My constituents want their bills cut, emissions reduced and their homes insulated, but Government incompetence is standing in the way.
When will the Minister get a grip?
We are spending £6 billion in this Parliament and a further £6 billion up to 2028 to make buildings, including private rented properties, cleaner and warmer.
That is in addition to the estimated £5 billion that will be delivered for ECO4—the energy company obligation—and the Great British insulation scheme up to March 2026.
Over the past two years, my constituents in Motherwell and Wishaw, as well as the disability groups that I engage with, have told me harrowing tales of dire fuel poverty and energy debt, while the energy giants post record profits.
Even with the new price cap, National Energy Action estimates that there will be 6 million UK households in fuel poverty, with energy debt sitting at £6 billion.
After April, the only support available will be the £150 warm home discount, which has barely been increased in a decade.
When will the Government take meaningful action and finally consult on an energy social tariff?
Last winter, this Government delivered £40 billion for households and businesses.
We also have the warm home discount, the winter fuel payment and the disability cost of living payment.
We are committed to ensuring that affordability is top of our list in relation to energy security.
We have had 14 years of fiasco after fiasco with energy saving schemes from this Government.
Frankly, my constituents are fed up with it.
In Gateshead, just seven homes have been upgraded under the Government’s latest energy efficiency scheme.
Can the Minister say why this is such a disaster and why progress is so slow?
We continue to drive energy efficiency improvements for lower-income and fuel-poor households, through schemes including the energy company obligation, the social housing decarbonisation scheme and the homes upgrade grant.
A recent report from the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit exposes the Government’s record on insulation and says that the Government’s false claims about their success mostly involved taking credit for schemes that were a legacy of the last Labour Government.
A record low of around 80,000 measures were installed in total under the Government’s programmes in 2022.
Is not the truth that this Government are failing millions of people in fuel poverty?
This Government have provided unprecedented support for people in this country.
I have regular meetings with stakeholders, charities and different organisations.
Undoubtedly, we are making sure that people have support through, as I have mentioned, the warm home discount, the energy price cap and lots of other payments, such as the cost of living payment of £900 per annum.
Talking of fuel poverty, the boiler tax results in consumers paying an extra £150 when they purchase a new boiler.
Does the Minister agree that it is now time to ditch these unworkable and unaffordable net zero policies and let the British people decide how to heat their homes and what cars to drive so that they can keep more of their own money?
No decision has yet been taken on that, but we have a commitment to ensure that we get the very best deal for all our constituents.