I can confirm that I have had those conversations, and the Government are exploring the potential for reducing regulatory burdens for the consenting and licensing of new nuclear power stations without impacting safety, security or environmental protections.
We are also looking to introduce a range of other streamlining measures, including the action plan for reform, which sets out reforms to the nationally significant infrastructure projects regime.
Will the Minister confirm that Nuclear Decommissioning Authority-owned land adjacent to Sellafield will be made available for new nuclear?
More specifically, will enough land be made available to accommodate two 470 MW Rolls-Royce power stations and their ancillary buildings and spaces?
I can confirm that Moorside is indeed a candidate for new nuclear, and it is one of a number of potential sites for hosting civil nuclear projects.
Great British Nuclear is currently running a competitive process to select those small modular reactor technologies best able to facilitate operational projects in the 2030s.
That said, the project needs to run its course, and I know my hon.
Friend will understand that no decision on sites has yet been made.
The UK’s first nuclear fusion power plant is due to be built a short 45-minute drive from Lincoln.
It will increase energy generation and hopefully limit the amount of agricultural land being used to house solar farms.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on the role that institutions such as the University of Lincoln will have in providing research and training for these types of power plants and their associated advanced jobs of the future?
It is indeed a very exciting time for fusion in this country.
Our Fusion Futures programme will provide up to £55 million over five years to train more than 2,200 people, helping meet the demands of our growing fusion sector.
That will expand our existing fusion training programmes through work with universities such as the University of Lincoln, colleges and employers,  and provide a pipeline of highly skilled scientists, engineers and technicians at all career levels, from apprentice to post-doctoral fellow.
Berkeley has secured incredibly exciting investment in nuclear innovation with a consortium involving Rolls-Royce and the University of Bristol.
A low-carbon energy park with international status at Berkeley and Oldbury, next door, go hand in hand as the Severn Edge project.
The Government have a good opportunity to meet their energy security ambitions and lead the way.
Will my hon.
Friend provide assurances that he will work with Western Gateway on Severn Edge?
I heard him say that the competition has to run its course, but will the course be run ahead of the summer recess?
My hon.
Friend is tempting me.
Oldbury is a candidate for new nuclear, and one of a number of potential sites that could host civil nuclear projects.
It is exciting and encouraging to see the number of sites and projects coming forward for investment.
As I said, the competition has to run its course, and no decision on sites has been made, but it is very encouraging to see such interest across the country in our great nuclear future.
Nuclear power plants come with a huge up-front capital cost.
Even small modular reactors have a considerable price tag, so it is important that the Government get their procurement right for once.
Does the Minister agree that SMRs offer possibilities for economies of scale?
A large number could be commissioned at once, giving potential savings to the taxpayer while delivering reliable baseload supply to the national grid.
Yes, of course I agree.
That is one of the huge benefits, along with many others, of small modular reactors, which is why we are running our down selection programme, and supporting exports from this country to across the world so that other countries can join us on our nuclear journey, investing in small modular, advanced modular and gigawatt-scale projects over the next few years.
The delivery of nuclear power stations for Northern Ireland is something that I would welcome, but other parties in Northern Ireland might have concerns about it.
The one thing that we in Northern Ireland can all agree on is that, as part of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, we must be part of the manufacturing base and procurement process.
Can the Minister confirm that the people of Northern Ireland will have that opportunity?
Not only can I confirm that, but  I put on record my support to all the companies in Northern Ireland that are already integral to the supply chain for our nuclear sector.
Our nuclear revival not only will deliver a more secure, robust and clean energy baseload, but has the potential to create thousands of new manufacturing and supply chain jobs across the country, and I want that to impact positively on every corner of our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.