It is a pleasure to take my first contribution from my right hon.
Friend in the Chamber since he became Chairman of the Select Committee.
I look forward to further discussion with him later this afternoon on other matters before the Committee.
He is right to stress the importance of that contract—155 mm shells are one of the fundamental munitions we need  to see both replenished for the UK armed forces and,  where possible, provided into Ukraine, along with other key artillery classes.
I can confirm that we signed that contract with BAE last July and it should lead to an eightfold increase in 155 mm production, initially in the Washington plant, but thereafter in south Wales.
I am keen to see that get going as soon as possible.
The MOD has clearly done a decent job of supporting Ukraine, but I still doubt that the Government as a whole are seized of the urgent critical nature of this crisis.
I return to the question I asked the Secretary of State last week: why, when it was clear early in 2022 that this was going to be very much an artillery war dating back to the last century, did it take until mid-2023 to place the order for additional artillery shells?
The Minister should have the answer by now.
I refer to the previous answer I gave, where I was clear that we placed that order last July, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly said; that is for our own armed forces and it is an eightfold increase.
But we have provided 300,000 artillery shells into Ukraine.
We have procured them, Sir.
We have done that not just from this country; we have done it through rapid procurement, through Defence Equipment and Support.
All I can say is that I pay tribute to that effort.
We all know that we need to go further.
The other point is that this is not just about what we have procured; this country has played a leading role in ensuring that other nations join us and provide more munitions.
That is as much a key part of the role that we have played.
Last week, in the NATO Parliamentary Assembly joint session in Brussels, top military leaders described to us their concern that the EU ethical banking laws are going to stop investment in arms companies.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the UK will always ensure that the money needed to invest in making sure that Europe can protect itself against Russian aggression will be there and that the arms can be manufactured?