When she plans to publish the second consultation on the review of electricity market arrangements.
The Government plan to publish the second consultation imminently.
It will set out a clear direction on how the GB electricity market arrangements will evolve to keep electricity bills as low as possible for consumers of all types.
There are two questions that my constituents ask me most frequently: when will we see cheaper electricity from renewables, and when people in  areas such as mine, which host a lot of renewable production, benefit from cheaper prices, as a result of hosting that infrastructure?
The Government are moving on from our appalling inheritance in 2010 of less than 7% of our electricity coming from renewables, with that figure today up to well over 40%.
Every day we add to that, we displace gas and other fossil fuels and lower bills for people, and we plan to keep that going.
We already have solar, onshore wind and other developers providing benefits to consumers, and we will come forward with plans for those hosting— Order.
I call Sir George Howarth.
People who are considering changing their boiler struggle to find accurate information about the benefits and the costs.
Will the Minister consider issuing new guidance that makes clear both the costs and the benefits of switching to a heat pump?
It can be a complex matter.
That is why the Government have committed to looking at rebalancing the system costs across electricity and gas, as well as to ensure that people can benefit, as I do, from a heat pump, which provides a warm home and low bills.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce energy costs for households.
What steps she is taking to provide support with energy bills.
Ofgem’s new price cap means that from April, the average bill is set to drop by £238.
This shows that our plan is working: we have halved inflation and energy prices are at their lowest level in two years.
Alongside that, we have taken the number of homes that are well insulated up from 14% in 2010 to 50% now.
We have recently set out plans to help more customers access smarter energy tariffs, which could save them up to £900 a year.
I am grateful for the answer, but one thing my constituents in Stirling do not understand is electricity standing charges.
As we have heard, according to Ofgem’s figures, they have rocketed by 138% from £90.84 in 2021-22 to £216.23 in 2023-24.
Ofgem has issued a call for evidence, which is to be welcomed, but Ofgem is clearly not fit for purpose on this.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is high time the UK Government stepped in?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that Ofgem regulates standing charges and has issued a call for evidence.
I think about 40,000 people have given input, and we look forward to seeing the results.
However, if he was really worried about the cost of living for families in the country, the SNP would not have taken taxes in Scotland to the highest level in the UK.
The fall in the energy price cap is certainly welcomed by Carshalton and Wallington residents, as is the support for households, but many small and medium-sized businesses in my constituency are still struggling to absorb higher costs.
Will the Secretary of State outline in a bit more detail the support that those businesses can access to help with energy bills?