This Government’s treatment of miners, retired miners and their widows is nothing short of a national scandal.
Since 2021, the Government have been sitting on the recommendations of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee report, which recommended reviewing the mineworkers’ pension scheme’s surplus sharing arrangements in favour of miners and their widows.
During that time, thousands of miners have sadly passed away through the legacy of industrial disease, while the Government have pocketed £4.8 billion of the miners’ own money since 1994.
When are the Government going to do the right thing and return the miners’ money?
The Government are doing the right thing, have done the right thing and will continue to do the right thing in coming to a fair settlement between miners, the Government and the taxpayer.
That is what we will continue to do, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
Earlier this month, the all-party parliamentary group on infrastructure, which I chair, launched a joint report with the Institution of Civil Engineers on the public behavioural changes needed to achieve our net zero target.
I have sent my right hon.
Friend a copy of the report.
As part of its production, we carried out market research, which highlighted public uncertainty on where to go for accurate information to help people  make the choices required to decarbonise their  lives.
What is the Department doing to help fill that information gap?
Of course, my hon.
Friend has a highly distinguished history in the marketing industry.
We agree that it is important that the public get the information they need to save money on their bills, as we set out in the net zero growth plan.
That is why last autumn we relaunched the “It All Adds Up” campaign, which helped British households save an estimated £120 million last winter.
Whether it is elf on the shelf or other such routes, we will find ways to better communicate with the public, precisely to allow them to be well informed in doing their bit for net zero.
The Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, the hon.
Member for Derby North (Amanda Solloway) spoke about the Government’s approach to differential fuel prices in different towns.
Motorists in Chesterfield remain mystified as to why major supermarkets are charging them more than they charge customers just a few miles up the road in Sheffield.
It is clear that the Government’s approach is not working.
When I wrote to the major supermarkets, they admitted that they charge Chesterfield customers more.
There is no reason why customers in Chesterfield should be charged more than customers in Sheffield, so will the Minister tell us what she is doing about that?
I could not agree more that we should not be paying different prices at different petrol stations.
That is one of the reasons why we have launched a consultation on Pumpwatch, and why we have very regular meetings with the suppliers to make sure that they are not doing this.
They should not be doing it and we are very clear about that.
Offshore Energies UK’s industry manifesto highlights the once- in-a-lifetime opportunity that a home-grown energy transition provides to bring investment and jobs to communities all around the UK.
This requires close collaboration between the private and public sectors.
Can Ministers confirm that the Government are absolutely committed to such a partnership?
I can.
What the sector does not need, of course, as OEUK has itself set out, is the tens of thousands of job losses that would be driven by the ideological and climate-damaging obsession of  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  with ending new UK oil and gas licensing.
The last published Government estimate for Sizewell C is £20 billion, but Hinkley Point C, the supposed prototype for Sizewell C, is now estimated to cost £48 billion.
When will the Government admit that the actual cost of Sizewell C will be a colossal £50 billion noose around bill payers’ necks?
The SNP, blinded by a misplaced belief in its own exceptionalism, seems almost alone in the world in not recognising the benefits of new nuclear when it comes to meeting our net zero objectives, delivering our energy security and improving  our baseload.
At last year’s COP, 30 countries around the world came together to commit to increasing nuclear-generated capacity by 30%.
It would be brilliant if Scotland could be part of that change, but the SNP and its luddite partners in the Green party are holding Scotland back.
We are determined not to do that for the rest of the UK.
Plans for a new incinerator in Wisbech are strongly opposed by my constituents and those of my right hon.
Friends the Members for North West Cambridgeshire (Shailesh Vara) and for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss).
With 300 lorry trips a day and a structure bigger than Ely cathedral, there would be serious health and environmental concerns for the nearest school.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State visit the site to see for herself why the plans are wholly inappropriate?