We are committed to making sure that consumers get a fair deal.
That is why fuel retailers must remain transparent and not overcharge drivers.
The Pumpwatch consultation will require all petrol stations to report prices within 30 minutes of their changing.
That will enable tech companies to develop new ways for UK drivers to search for the cheapest fuel.
In rural communities across Devon, people feel the pressure of high fuel costs.
The cost of fuel in towns such as Honiton is almost 20p a litre higher than at petrol stations just 30 miles away.
What steps will the Government take to ensure fairness, and to introduce rural fuel duty relief of the sort that we already have in some parts of north Devon?
Pumpwatch will help with those things, but it is unacceptable for any fuel retailer to overcharge drivers.
That is why the Secretary of State held a roundtable in December with fuel retailers to make it clear that we expect them to pass on savings to consumers when prices fall.
What recent steps she has taken to help improve the energy efficiency of homes.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for her committed work to support her constituents living in rural areas.
We have a proud record of energy efficiency.
We are encouraging, rather than forcing, people to make the right choices, and we pushed back the ban on gas boilers while increasing the boiler upgrade scheme to £7,500, which is one of the most generous grants in Europe.
There are 1,858 listed properties in North Shropshire, according to the Listed Property Owners Club, and 24 conservation areas across our historical market towns and villages.
That means that there is a large number of buildings that owners find it difficult to upgrade to make them energy-efficient.
What conversations has the Minister had with her colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport on enabling people to bring those homes into the 21st century and make them energy-efficient?
The hon.
Member makes a good point.
We have those consultations across Departments, and local authorities in rural areas in England are eligible for grants.
I can give my assurance that we have those cross-government meetings.
Many off-grid homes across Cornwall cannot convert to energy-efficient heating schemes without incurring huge costs.
One option for them is to use hydro-treated vegetable oil.
Can the Minister lay out what plans the Government have to support those using renewable liquid heating fuels, and will she back the campaign by our excellent candidate for Camborne and Redruth, Connor Donnithorne, to axe the tax on HVOs?