APRIL 8 8 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold receive a closed briefing on an update on the Sentinel Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Program.
SVC-217 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bradley Hansell, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Security, Earl Matthews, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, and Dale Marks, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, and Brandon Williams, of New York, to be Under Secretary of Energy for Nuclear Security.
SD-G50 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephen Vaden, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary, and Tyler Clarkson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, both of the Department.
SR-328A Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the President's 2025 trade policy agenda.
SD-215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brian Burch, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile, and Nicole McGraw, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, all of the Department.
SD-419 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Small Business to examine prosperity on Main Street, focusing on keeping taxes low for small businesses.
HVC-210 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Freedom of Information Act, focusing on perspectives from public requesters.
SD-226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine United States Special Operations Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SVC-217.
SD-G50 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine the state of nuclear shipbuilding.
SR-222 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219