Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 558, to provide for the consideration of a definition of antisemitism set forth by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws concerning education programs or activities, S. 163, to require institutions of higher education participating in Federal student aid programs to share information about title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, including a link to the webpage of the Office for Civil Rights where an individual can submit a complaint regarding discrimination in violation of such title, S. 932, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to molecularly targeted pediatric cancer investigations, and additional pending calendar business.
SD-430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Scott Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years, and Eric Matthew Ueland, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget.
SD-342 10:15 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jared Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Olivia Trusty, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission.
SR-253 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing at 3:30 p.m. in SD-G50.
SVC-217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine personnel policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-222 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism To hold an oversight hearing to examine Meta's foreign relations and representations to the United States Congress.
SD-226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine pending calendar nominations.
SH-216 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine financial aggression, focusing on how the Chinese Communist Party exploits American retirees and undermines national security.
SD-106 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine reducing waste, fraud and abuse through innovation, focusing on how AI and data can improve government efficiency.
CHOB-210