Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and enduring legacy of Patricia Marie Farris, a caring mother, grandmother, greatgrandmother, and entrepreneur who dedicated her career to our communities.
Patricia passed away March 5, 2025, at the age of 94.
Born on April 29, 1930, in Blue Eye, Arkansas, Patricia moved west in 1941 during the Dust Bowl and was raised in the Indian Wells Valley of California.
Through the Great Depression and World War II, Patricia grew up alongside her six siblings and parents.
Together, they became one of the first families to put roots down in the area prior to the establishment of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, home of the U.S. Navy's premier weapons development program.
Following her graduation from Burroughs High School, Patricia attended college in Missouri, where she would meet her husband, Fred Stanley Farris.
They soon fell in love and were married on December 1, 1948.
In 1969, Patricia and Fred Farris returned to the Indian Wells Valley with their children, after spending years living around the country.
Patricia Farris, alongside her husband, managed a service station and cafe within the town of Inyokern, and worked many community events such as air shows and parades.
For decades, she successfully contributed to community events and productions while simultaneously managing the family-run businesses.
In 1980, Patricia was hired as publisher for the News Review, a local newspaper that informed thousands of community members on events effecting the Indian Wells Valley.
It was in this role that Patricia became a strong advocate and voice for the Indian Wells Valley.
Always seeking to keep her community and its leaders aware of important stories and events, Patricia served in this role for 44 years, until retiring in 2024.
Patricia is preceded in death by her husband Fred, with whom she shared a 52-year long marriage, her daughter, Patti Cosner, grandson, Kenny Farris, and great-grandson, Joshua Farris.
She is survived by her children, Paul, Bill, and Laura, her 32 grandchildren, and other relatives.