Mr. HERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pride to recognize and celebrate the extraordinary contributions of Dominican writers during the official observance of the Casa Dominicana Week of the Dominican Author, to be held from May 12 to May 17, 2025.
This historic celebration is made possible through the joint efforts of the Dominican Ministry of Culture, Dominican Consulate in Puerto Rico, UNESCO Dominican Republic, and PEN International Dominican Republic.
It is also thanks to the collaboration of the Senate of Puerto Rico, House of Representatives of Puerto Rico, and the Municipal Legislature of San Juan.
The written word is among the most powerful expressions of a person's soul.
Through literature, authors preserve memory, provoke thought, and illuminate the human condition.
Dominican literature in particular stands as a vibrant testament to the cultural richness, resilience, and creativity of a people whose stories transcend borders and generations.
Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic share a deep connection and culture.
Our common Spanish language reflects a historical struggle.
Literature serves as a testament to our history and the relationship we have shared between both countries for centuries.
This week, as the representative of Puerto Rico in Congress, I join the Dominican Republic to honor a distinguished group of Dominican writers, both from the homeland and the diaspora, who have made exceptional contributions to the arts and the global literary community.
In addition, the Dominican community makes essential contributions to Puerto Rican society as business owners, athletes and great citizens.
Today, I am pleased to recognize the contributions of the following Dominican honorees to the Caribbean and global literature: Carlos Roberto Gomez Beras, Miguel Angel Fornerin, Eugenio Garcia Cuevas, Doris Melo, Antonio Nelson Soto, Miguel Patino, Ramon Dario Jimenez.
Sebastian Robiou Lamarche, Ana A. Marchena Segura, Giovanni di Pietro, Israel Mercedes, Romelinda Grullon, Nelson del Castillo, Dulce Elvira de los Santos.
Grace Pena, Rosario Guzman, Pamela Bernal, Dorothy Bell Ferrer, Rafael Mendez Tejada.