As far as I am aware, not once have Foreign Office Ministers raised those needless deaths with Turkish Government officials.
Furthermore, a pitiful byline of travel advice on the gov.uk website is simply not good enough.
Will the Minister investigate an advertising suspension, in collaboration with Cabinet colleagues and regulators, for countries known for dangerous health tourism as a possible way to avoid further deaths like Shannon’s?
We raise that issue with our Turkish counterparts at many levels.
We will always look at what more we can do, but the head of mission in Ankara is seized of the urgency and importance of the issue and is working in close collaboration with the Turkish authorities.
What steps his Department is taking to help secure the release of Israeli hostages in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support efforts to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas in Gaza.
We have been working tirelessly to secure the release of all hostages, including British nationals, since  7 October .
Last week, the UN published its first report into the violence against women in Israel on  7 October  and against hostages.
It concluded that rape, gang rape and genital mutilation were systematically used against Israeli women and girls.
The fact that the victims who survived do not trust the UN enough to speak to it about their experience adds another layer of heartbreak to the situation.
What will my right hon.
Friend the Minister do to urge the UN to make it a priority to rebuild trust and tell the world that #MeToo counts for Jews too?
The world very much needs the United Nations, and I completely recognise the position that my hon.
Friend so eloquently describes.
We will do everything we can as a leading member of the United Nations—one of the P5—to try to improve that relationship.
On the appalling events of October 7, which she described, we are doing everything we can to try to help, as I set out earlier.
The hostages have been in captivity for more than 100 days.
The New York Times has reported that of the 134 hostages still in captivity, 50 may have been killed.
Given that 10 Israeli citizens have been in captivity in Gaza for more than 10 years, does my right hon.
Friend the Minister agree that there must absolutely be a commitment to return the hostages before we can move to a humanitarian ceasefire?
Yes, my hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
He sets out the position extremely well.
It is a top focus of all parts of the British Government to try to get the hostages back, as I set out earlier.
The Prime Minister and the International Court of Justice have called for their immediate release.
Although I cannot give a running commentary, we are working closely with the US, Qatar and Egypt to secure their release.
In the past five months, Israeli and Palestinian civilians have borne the brunt of this conflict.
We are getting only the slightest glimpse of the rape, torture, hostage taking and murder that is going on.
Will the Minister tell us what our  atrocity prevention team and preventing sexual violence team are doing on the ground to document and stop that?
We are very clear that we seek to document atrocities so that people can be held to account, no matter how long it takes.
I set out earlier the additional funding specifically to help women who have been the subject of appalling sexual violence.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady and the International Development Committee for their visit to the region.
On the issue that she raises, the British Government’s position is that there can be no impunity.
The utter tragedy in the middle east is that innocent civilians on both sides are paying the price for failed politics and extremism.
To take the Minister back to his answer to the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, if he accepts that Israel has the capacity to meet international law, he is saying, is he not, that Israel is in breach of it?
No, I am not saying that.
I am saying that the current judgment of the British Government is that Israel has both the capacity and the intent to abide within international humanitarian law.
It is an issue that we keep under review, as the hon.
Gentleman will understand.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On the question of Britain’s priorities in Ukraine, Gaza and across the world, the Government are delivering.
At the Munich security conference, the G20 in Brazil and the United Nations, the Foreign Secretary has argued for standing by Ukraine as the invasion enters its third year.
On Gaza, we are pressing with partners for a humanitarian pause and increased aid flows to Palestinian civilians.
We have expanded the blue belt, defended shipping in the Red sea and launched an innovative development partnership with Qatar.
The international development White Paper is being implemented across Government and has been widely welcomed around the world.
Following recent events in Ukraine, what steps have been taken to speed up the process of releasing funds from the sale of Chelsea football club to support all victims of the war in Ukraine, wherever they are in the world?
The hon.
Lady is quite right that releasing those funds is taking far too long.
There are significant complications addressing the release, which involve the European Union and Portugal, as well as Britian.
I can tell her, however, that there is renewed energy in the Foreign Office to try to bring this matter to a head as swiftly as possible.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has recently made an assessment that enough uranium has been enriched in Iran to produce three atomic warheads.
If that is true, what is the Government’s consideration regarding snapping back sanctions on Iran?
These enrichment levels have no credible civilian justification.
We are working with partners to ensure that Iran never develops a nuclear weapon, are prepared to use all diplomatic options, including triggering UN snapback if necessary, and will continue to monitor the situation very closely.