Secondly, Labour’s scheme operated in a blanket way across every prison.
Ours is targeted and calibrated.
Thirdly, and importantly, under this scheme there will be the opportunity for a gold command veto, where the governor has concerns about an individual—[Interruption.]
If the hon.
Lady could just listen for a moment.
Those concerns will be escalated to a panel of senior officials, who will make a decision based on the offender’s history, the proposed bail address and the conditions that could be imposed—not to contact, not to enter, to abide by a curfew or potentially to be tagged.
If the governor has concerns about safety, that person will not be released.
That safeguard was not available under the Labour scheme, which ran for three years.
It is critical to prioritising public safety, which is our focus.
In the hon.
Lady’s response there was the eloquent sound of silence in relation to the specific questions that this Government and every Government around the world face: should we have let out thousands of prisoners?
She has given no answer to that question, but it is important, because if she aspires to stand here, she will have to say whether that should have taken place.
Not doing so has contributed to the pressures that we face, but it would have been the wrong thing to do, because it would have prioritised prisoner safety over public safety.
We did not do it, and we were right not to do it.
Principle has a cost, and we have taken a sensible decision.
The second thing that the hon.
Lady did not address is whether we should have listened to those who clamoured for the end of jury trials.
I do not think she is suggesting that we should have, but there is an inevitable effect to that.
When we came into office, the number of cases in the Crown court was around 48,000.
Pre-covid, it was 39,000, but as it has gone up, inevitably as a result of keeping the jury trial system, a higher proportion of people have been in custody awaiting trial.
That is a matter of remorseless, arithmetic logic.
There are an additional 6,000 people now.
We made the right decision, but we have to take a sensible step.
The final point that the hon.
Lady failed to address is what she would have done in these circumstances.
She knows, as I know, that she would have taken exactly the same step.
To seek to make political capital is beneath her.