Haiti is on the edge of collapse, and only 100 nautical miles away are the Turks and Caicos islands, for whose national security the UK has responsibility.
Will the Foreign Office fulfil its role by requesting of the Ministry of Defence and the Home Office that we deploy HMS Trent with its defensive capabilities, deploy Royal Marine fast boats, provide assets monitoring in the sea lane, and increase the policing footprint in TCI?
Too often we have acted too slowly, which in the past that has resulted in threats to remove TCI from our overseas family.
Please can we act now?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I was recently in TCI
and I understand the situation there.
We have seen a rise in the number of people making the dangerous journey by sea from Haiti to TCI.
We have put in place 13 serious crime investigators and seven firearms, officers, and we are working with the Home Office and the MOD in building capability and capacity in this important situation.
I listened carefully, as I always do, to what the Minister said regarding calls for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire, but it is now time to step up.
It requires all warring parties to stop the rockets, the bombs and the bullets—exactly right—and   for the hostages to be released.
Surely it would send a very strong signal if the UK Government now called for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for what he has said.
He will have heard the five key priorities that the British Government have put on the table, and I am grateful to him for his agreement.
Cross-party support is extremely helpful in driving forward an imperative about which Britain feels very strongly.
Will His Majesty’s Government make the strongest possible diplomatic protest against the draconian new national security laws being imposed on the good people of Hong Kong, and does the Minister accept that Britain still has a moral responsibility to the people of Hong Kong, who have been loyal to this country for so many years?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and we continue to raise our concerns about breaches of the Sino-British joint declaration that we see, and about this new layer of legislation coming through.
We consider that that continues to be in breach, and we continue to ask for those laws to be removed.
Does the Minister agree that the alleged detention, beating and humiliation of 49 Palestinian medics at the Nasser Hospital last month needs to be investigated by the International Criminal Court—yes or no?
This session ends with the same question with which it started, and as I set out, we believe there must be accountability and we have made that clear to the Israeli authorities.