I commend the Secretary of State for his characteristically thoughtful and measured approach.
Does he agree that it does no one any good service to try to reduce this issue to simplistic arguments?
The truth is that dealing with prison capacity, where everyone has recognised for many years that there are real pressures, demands a careful set of checks and balances.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that those are in place?
Does he also agree that we need to be honest with the public in saying that, however much we try, prison places are expensive and finite.
Therefore, the system must make judicious and intelligent use of prison, which includes  locking up those who are dangerous and having alternative ways of dealing with and punishing those who are not dangerous to the community.
Is that not the objective?
My hon.
Friend makes an exceptional point.
We have to proceed on the basis of evidence, not emotion.
We choose to lock up the most dangerous offenders for longer, which is why those who murder in the context of sexual or sadistic behaviour should be in custody for the rest of their lives, because the threat to the population is so great.
Where people can be reformed using technology, which was not available a long time ago, we should use that, not just because that works as a matter of common sense but because the data shows that it works.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point, anyone who looks at this issue calmly and in an adult way will see that there have been pressures in moments in history.
There was one in 1997 and another in 2007, when Jack Straw had a terrible argument with Lord Falconer about the use of cells in Inner London Crown court.
Those of us who have been in the system remember that.
The key is whether to deal with that in a sensible, calibrated and proportionate way.
We will take every step to look after the safety of the public, and we will not score political points in the process.
Last week, the Prisons Minister and I visited Wormwood Scrubs, where we found doubling up in single cells, with unshielded toilets, and overcrowding affecting people’s time out of cell and access to work.
The education service was described as poor, and food budgets are £2.70 a day.
Staff told us that assaults on officers are not being prosecuted.
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to improve conditions in our Victorian prisons, as that is vital for the welfare of staff, the rehabilitation of prisoners and the protection of the public?
First, I commend the hon.
Gentleman for visiting his local prison, as doing so is extremely valuable and I am grateful for his feedback.
He raised a number of issues and I would be happy to write to him, but may I just deal with one thing in particular?
We ask prison officers to do an extremely difficult job; they need to be robust, but sometimes they have to be sensitive.
To assist them in doing so, we are ensuring, first, that they are paid properly, and so we accept every last penny of the Prison Service pay review body recommendation.
Secondly, we are rolling out body-worn video, so that they know that if a situation looks like it is escalating, the evidence will be there—that provides a powerful deterrent effect.
Thirdly, and finally, we are reducing attrition.
I hope he will agree that experienced prison officers are the ones who can make those tough decisions on when to be tough and when, metaphorically speaking, to offer that hand of support.
Clearly, there is pressure on the prison estate.
I appreciate that some of the challenge to the Justice Secretary’s statement today is about many thinking that we are not keeping in prison people who should be there, but there is also a problem of some people being sent to prison who should not be there.
He will be aware of my police officer constituent who one minute was hailed a hero for apprehending a violent criminal and the next found himself in Wandsworth prison.
There is a slight irony, given this statement, that the Government intend to put further pressure on the estate through clauses in their Criminal Justice Bill proposing the imprisonment of beggars and rough sleepers.
Given what he is saying today, will he consider supporting the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , and supported by myself, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  and many others from across this House, that would remove the intention to imprison rough sleepers and beggars?
My hon.
Friend assiduously raises matters on behalf of her constituents and is going to be such a loss to this House.
She indicates in that question why she will be.
Of course, I cannot comment on the specific circumstances relating to her constituent, because of the independent trial process.
The Criminal Justice Bill contains Home Office measures, but I will ensure that the Home Secretary is aware of the points she has raised.
The number of cases disposed of by our courts is down by 200,000 from its pre-pandemic level—a reduction of 12%.
What is the Secretary of State doing to eliminate that backlog?
What impact does he think there will be on prison numbers in the event that he is successful?
That is a fair question.
It is always worth remembering that more than 90% of cases are disposed of in the magistrates court, where we are getting through a very significant number.
He makes a fair point about the Crown court, because we are prosecuting 32% more rape offences than before, so the plea rate is lower, because—guess what?—people do not plead guilty to rape in the way that they might plead guilty to handling stolen goods, for example.
So we address that by putting additional money into the system, with £141 million going into legal aid, and by ensuring that section 28 is used, with pre-recorded video evidence and so on.
We make no apology for the fact that we have to let the system take its course on these appalling crimes and we will do everything we can to increase resources so that people—victims and witnesses—get the justice they deserve.
I very much support the carefully considered moves announced today by my right hon.
and learned Friend, which reflect the reality of the pressures on our prison estate and on our excellent prison officers, following the extraordinary impact of covid.
I especially welcome the additional steps he has announced to remove more foreign national offenders.
He spoke of a reset in probation, so will he set out in a little more detail how he hopes it will reduce reoffending and so cut crime?
What we all want to see, of course, is fewer victims of crime.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Probation is critical and I have made a point since coming into this role of speaking not only to senior probation officers, important though they are, but to probation officers on the frontline.
That has been an incredibly instructive experience.
One I spoke to in Luton and Dunstable told me that the measures we have taken to roll out 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation were the most significant steps that any Government had taken in the 30 years he had been a probation  officer.
The reset I referred to will follow evidence, not emotion.
In other words, it will allow probation officers to calibrate and prioritise their resource to those parts of the licence period where reoffending is most likely to take place.
That is common sense and it follows the evidence.
Ultimately, measures such as that are why reoffending has gone down from 31% to 25%, thus saving a number of people from being victims of crime in the first place.