I am grateful to the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
Late in the hours of yesterday evening, the Government tried to slip out quietly an announcement that they will be releasing prisoners up to two months early to deal with the lack of space in our prisons.
Let us be in no doubt that this is the most drastic form of early release for prisoners that the country has ever seen, yet in the Secretary of State’s 11-page, 10-minute statement it merited just one paragraph.
This measure will cause shockwaves and deep concern across our country and he seems to think that a quiet written ministerial statement published late last night and one paragraph today is good enough.
It is not.
Prisoners will now be released not 18 days early but up to an unprecedented 60 days early.
No other Government have ever found themselves having to do that on such a scale.
It is nearly three times the number of days on licence seen under any previous scheme.
Let me be clear that there are consequences.
This scheme will seem wrong in principle to victims and the public—that people who have done wrong and have been sentenced under due process of law can be released as much as two months before a court intended.
That means that people who have broken the law and, in many cases, pose an ongoing threat to the law-abiding public are directly benefiting from the Government’s complete incompetence.
It is small wonder that the Government have refused all requests to be transparent about the scale and the impact of the scheme.
That is no way to run the criminal justice system—or, indeed, the country—not least because when the Secretary of State announced the scheme last October, he was explicit that the power would “be used only for a limited period and only in targeted areas.”
He said that the scheme was to be “a temporary operational measure to relieve immediate pressure.”—[Official
Report,  16 October 2023 ; Vol. 738, c. 59-60.]
Last month we learned from a leak to the media that the scheme had been expanded to more prisons and, according to unpublished guidance to prison governors, activated for an “undefined period”.
He will surely acknowledge that this will strike many people as a novel definition of “temporary”.
Now we learn that the scheme is due to be expanded very significantly—an unprecedented 60 days ahead of when a prisoner would ordinarily be released.
I repeat the questions that I first raised all those months ago.
How many prisoners have been released early under the scheme to date?
Which prisons are using the early release scheme?
Which types of offenders are being  released early under the scheme?
Are domestic abusers and stalkers eligible for release under the scheme?
Why has it been expanded to early release of up to 60 days?
Why has the scheme been activated indefinitely?
Will the Secretary of State finally commit to publishing all the relevant statistics about the early releases scheme on the same basis that prison data is published—on a weekly basis, rather than the wholly inadequate commitment to publish on an annual basis, not least because there will have been a general election before then?