The Minister will know that European security continues to be underpinned by the USA, which funds the vast majority of the NATO budget.
Could I please ask him what is being done to coerce more of our NATO allies to meet their 2% commitment, and does he agree that European nations must shoulder more of the burden for our own security, for good strategic reasons?
I do agree that we must put our money where our mouth is, but as we survey the landscape of European and Atlantic security on the 75th anniversary of NATO, we see—with the accession of Finland and Sweden—that NATO is in very good order indeed.
I acknowledge what the Minister of State said about sanctioning certain west bank settlers, although four seems a very low number to me.
Has he raised the activities of those settlers with his opposite number in the Israeli Government?
The British Government have certainly raised those activities with the Israeli Government.
That is why we have asked that they should be arrested, prosecuted and punished for those activities.
On those who may or may not be subject to a sanctions regime,  we keep that fully under review, but the hon.
Member will understand why I think it is best not to discuss that across the Floor of the House.
Has any Foreign Office Minister, official or embassy member had any discussions with our American allies over the dysfunctional extradition treaty since the disgraceful end of the Sacoolas case?
My right hon.
Friend asks an extremely good question.
He and I have co-operated on this matter many times in the past.
If he would be so good as to table a question on this matter, I will make sure that he immediately gets a full answer to that question.
When Jeffrey Sachs, a UN adviser—from a Jewish American family, incidentally—says on camera: “Israel has deliberately starved the people of Gaza… I am not using an exaggeration.
I’m talking literally starving a population.
Israel is a criminal, is in non stop war crime status, now I believe in genocidal status, and it is without shame, without remorse, without truth, without insight into what it’s doing”, and adds: “This is a murderous gang in government right now.
These are zealots”, does that not give the UK Government pause to reflect on the funding of UNRWA, and to call for a ceasefire and the recognition of Palestine, which 138 of 193 UN member states have done, rather than see it wiped off the map?
I think almost nothing that the hon.
Gentleman has just said could possibly be deemed helpful in trying to bring the two sides together, achieve a pause, get the hostages out, get aid in and achieve a sustainable ceasefire.
Therefore, I am afraid I am unable to offer any reassurance on any of the points he made.
Last week, 287 children aged between five and 12 were kidnapped from their school in Nigeria.
That comes on top of 8,000 Christians who were killed for their faith last year.
What are we doing about it?
My right hon.
Friend is right about these appalling events, and the high commission in Abuja has raised these matters.
Our hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) , who is responsible for freedom of religion or belief, regularly focuses on what is happening in Nigeria and makes representations, which also ensures that the Foreign Office is kept up to the mark in pursuing it.
Canada is to resume funding for UNRWA having received UN reports.
Has the UK Government received such reports, are they being reviewed, and when will that review be concluded and decisions be made?
We are asking that we have an interim report on both the key reports as soon as possible, and we will look at those reports as soon as they arrive and make our decisions accordingly.
During the course of these questions I have adumbrated both those who are supporting the same position as the UK and those who  are restoring funding immediately.
The hon.
Gentleman will want to bear in mind that Britain has fully funded UNRWA for its share up until the next financial year.