The Minister of State was asked— What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
If he will resume funding of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East.
We are doing all we can to increase aid into Gaza.
With our allies, we will take decisions on the future of UNRWA funding after scrutinising Catherine Colonna’s interim report on UNRWA neutrality.
We have heard this morning some shocking reports about Palestinian medical staff in Gaza being blindfolded, detained, forced to strip and repeatedly beaten by Israeli troops, after a raid on Nasser Hospital last month.
There is footage from Khan Yunis showing men stripped and kneeling, and patients with their hands bound being wheeled in beds.
Do the UK Government believe that the Israeli Government are responsible for the conduct of their forces, and that this clearly appears to be torture and is in breach of international law, including the universal declaration of human rights and article 18 of the Geneva convention?
What are the UK Government going to do about this?
The hon.
Lady is right to say that Israel must comply with the Geneva convention.
We have seen these reports.
A full explanation and investigation is required, and that is what the British Government are pressing for.
I point out to her that, when it comes to   targeting operations, lawyers are embedded in the Israeli and Israel Defence Forces command, just as happens in Britain, which should ensure the acceptance and honouring of international humanitarian law.
But I agree that a full explanation is required.
For months we have seen the horrifying images of children in Gaza mutilated or killed by bombing, and now we see them starving.
Aid by air and sea is welcome, but it is insufficient and it is a diversion from Israel’s responsibility.
Yesterday, 12 Israeli human rights organisations called out their own Government for failing to comply with the International Court of Justice ruling to facilitate access for humanitarian aid.
Does the Minister agree that the Israeli Government should be told by the UK and our allies to unlock aid and end the killing, or face real consequences?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have both pressed Prime Minister Netanyahu, and indeed President Herzog, to ensure that more aid can get into Gaza.
As the hon.
Gentleman will also know, it is the policy of the British Government to do everything we can to achieve a pause so that we can get the hostages out and get more aid in, and move towards a sustainable ceasefire.
We are doing everything we can to try to achieve that.
What we are seeing in Gaza is a starvation-level event.
The United States has taken the desperate measure of air drops and flotillas, which do not direct aid like land-based aid.
The only organisation big enough to fully distribute aid in order to avoid starvation is UNRWA.
Canada reviewed the interim report of the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services and has resumed funding.
Sweden has received bilateral assurances on the same actions that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is supposedly looking for from UNRWA and has resumed funding.
It is scandalous that the UK Government’s position is still for a suspension of funds, despite the interim report and without evidence of wrongdoing being provided by Israeli in the first place.
The British public do not want to be responsible for starvation in Gaza.
When will the Minister resume the funding?
As I have told the House before, no British funding is due until April and enough funds have now come forward to ensure that adequate supplies are available.
We are awaiting the report of the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services and the interim report from Catherine Colonna, the former French Foreign Minister.
The view we take is that when we have seen those, we very much hope we will have the reassurance to recommence funding.
That is also the position of the US, Germany, Australia, Italy, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be comforted by the fact that we are very much trying to resolve this matter as speedily as we can.