The UN mission team that recently visited Israel concluded that “there are reasonable grounds to believe that conflict-related sexual violence occurred in multiple locations during the  7 October  attacks”.
In the light of that appalling and shocking conclusion, will the Government redouble their efforts to get the hostages home, because they might be suffering a similar fate to those victims on  7 October ?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
She will know that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and Lord Ahmad have all met the families of the hostages.
I had the privilege of meeting some of the families last week, the second occasion I have done so within the precincts of this House.
She is right.
We are doing everything we can to increase the flow of aid and get the hostages home.
We will continue to do so.
One of the most troubling aspects of the  7 October  massacre was the fact that many ordinary Gazans—reports indicate hundreds, or even thousands—followed the Hamas terrorists into Israel and participated in the atrocities.
Reports suggest that civilians kidnapped Israelis and sold them to Gaza-based terrorist groups, and committed further unspeakable acts of violence, including sexual violence.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware of those reports, and does he share my concerns about Hamas’s ongoing indoctrination of ordinary Gazan citizens?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I am aware of those reports.
The fact remains that the appalling events of  7 October  were, as I have said in the House before, the worst atrocity and the worst killing of Jewish people since the holocaust and the second world war.
We continue to want total accountability for the terrible events that took place on that day.
Accepting what the Minister says about there being no money due to go to UNRWA until April, can I say to him, however, that for us to continue not to fund UNRWA sends a truly dreadful signal to other countries on the world stage?
Canada and Sweden have resumed their funding.
Surely we should be attending to this now as a matter of some urgency?
I listed the countries that take the same view as us.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that there is a division, but Britain is not due to provide any funding until we reach the next financial year in April.
We will, of course, seek to do everything we can to resolve the matter by the time that funding is due.
Can the deputy Foreign Secretary confirm that Israel is co-operating with an increasing number of lorries entering Gaza carrying essential humanitarian aid?
I have been looking up the figures: 16,405 aid lorries, 203,300 tonnes of food and 26,160 tonnes of water.
Is it not correct that the Israelis have said there is no limit on the amount of aid that can come in, but that there is a delay once it has passed Israeli checks and before it gets into Gaza proper?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to say that there has been an increase in the number of trucks getting in.
In February there were, on average, only 97.
In March that figure is 162.
So there has been an improvement, but the House will recognise that there is nothing like enough getting through.
The easiest way to do so is by truck and road.
It is because that is so difficult that we have had to find other mechanisms, such as the maritime and air routes.