Our defence, security and foreign policy relationship with Germany is critical, not least in relation to our united and mutual support for Ukraine.
I will meet German counterparts about those issues in Berlin this week.
Will the Minister give us more detail on the discussions he and the Foreign Secretary have had with German counterparts on three issues: urgently speeding up and expanding the delivery of weaponry, bolstering our diplomatic coalition and, crucially, using frozen Russian state assets across Europe to pay for urgent needs to support Ukraine?
The hon.
Gentleman asks a characteristically intelligent and pertinent question.
We are working together to increase defence industrial capability.
Some new ideas have come out of the French summit about increasing domestic capability for our Ukrainian friends.
A lot of diplomatic support goes into that.
On  frozen assets, he will have seen recent thinking from the European side about using the interest payments from those funds, which we will consider.
We need to find a reliable legal route, if that is to be sustainable.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure the safety and release of Vladimir Kara-Murza.
The UK has consistently condemned Vladimir Kara-Murza’s politically motivated conviction and called for his release.
We sanctioned 11 individuals in response to his sentencing, as well as two individuals involved in his earlier poisoning.
We regularly raise his case both with the Russian authorities and at multilateral fora.
Since the death of Alexei Navalny, do the Government recognise the increased urgency of Vladimir Kara-Murza’s case?
He is now the most high-profile living political prisoner in Russia.
What more are the Government considering doing?
Are the Government working with our allies, such as the United States, on a number of issues in this field?
Our ambassador raised Mr Kara-Murza’s case in person with Russia’s Deputy Foreign Minister on  19 January , repeating our request for consular access.
The Foreign Secretary met Mrs Kara-Murza, and Mr Kara-Murza’s mother, Elena Gordon, on  1 March .
We remain in close and regular contact with his family and legal representatives, and we will continue to keep his case at the top of our agenda.
My constituent, Evan Gershkovich, was detained by the FSB—the Federal Security Service—almost exactly a year ago, on  29 March 2023 .
He is an American citizen who lives in the UK and works for The Wall Street Journal.
His continued detention is another stain on Russia.
Although Mr Gershkovich is not a British citizen, is the Minister conferring with his American colleagues to ensure that Mr Gershkovich is released?
Yes, I am happy to confirm that.
I will seek an update from our head of mission in Moscow for the hon.
Lady’s increased awareness.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the Israeli occupation of the west bank.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the Israeli occupation of the west bank.
Israel must not undermine prospects for peace and security in the west bank.
As the occupying power, Israel must protect the civilian population.