My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about this; people who come to our country and enjoy its hospitality should expect short shrift if they repay that with crime, because that is an offence against not just the individual, but our entire community.
That is why we are taking robust action to deport foreign national offenders.
I am afraid to say that this is action not shared by the Opposition; in 2020, a letter was sent to the then Prime Minister urging him not to allow a planeload of foreign national offenders to take off.
Who signed it?
It was the shadow Secretary of State.
Is the Lord Chancellor alive to a principal concern and source of frustration among Crown court judges: the frequent delisting of cases at short notice, with all the consequences that then follow for delay and increasing numbers of prisoners on remand, occasioned by a growing shortage of criminal barristers?
That, in turn, will lead to a reduction in both the quantity and quality of future judges.
I am so grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising that issue, because ensuring that there is a vibrant profession is crucial, not only in order for the machine of justice to continue, but to provide the pipeline to which he referred.
As for the specific issue of listing or delisting, as he referred to it, that is a judicial discretion—it is a matter for the judges.
However, he is right about wanting to ensure that there is a pipeline, which is why we are investing more than £140 million into legal aid, so that instead of talented young professionals thinking, “I am off to the private sector to earn a fortune at the chancery Bar,” they will be there at the legal aid Bar, following in the footsteps of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , the Chair of the Justice Committee, prosecuting and defending criminals so that we can ensure that justice is served in our country.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that under the new scheme victims will see justice prevail, while foreign national offenders will efficiently be processed to leave the country?
That contrasts with what happened under the previous Labour Government, who had people who had already served their sentence languishing in prison beyond their sentence while the deportation court caught up with the process.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a matter of basic justice.
The British people expect that those who offend against our country, as well as against victims of crime, should receive short shrift.
That is why we are absolutely clear that if violent thugs who rape, murder, steal and rob are in our country from overseas, we will put them on a plane and get them out.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Christine Jardine, supported by Wendy Chamberlain, Mrs Flick Drummond, Mr Tobias Ellwood, Richard Foord, Tim Loughton, Rachael Maskell, Jim Shannon and Munira Wilson, presented a Bill to require specified organisations and public bodies to inform children and young people of local, national and online support services available to them following a bereavement; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 April , and to be printed (Bill 176).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Emma Hardy presented a Bill to require employers to ensure that personal protective equipment provided at work to people with certain protected characteristics within the meaning of the Equality Act 2010 is suitable for the wearer; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 7 June , and to be printed (Bill 177).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require providers of electronic communications networks to allow their customers to access certain public sector websites free of charge; and for connected purposes.
It is a pleasure to present the Bill, which would make a significant difference to the financial security of so many struggling households up and down the country.
As we all know, the cost of living crisis has squeezed the household finances of millions.
The last thing our constituents need, when they are already worrying about choosing between heating their homes or putting food on the table, is to run out of data to access vital public services on the internet.
In October 2023, the digital inclusion all-party parliamentary group found that nearly 2 million households in the UK were struggling to pay for broadband—nearly double the number in the year before.
Indeed, a Citizens Advice study in May last year reported that 12% of households surveyed said they have had to cut back or stop spending on broadband entirely during the previous 12 months.
For those on universal credit, the situation is even starker.
The study found that 16% of claimants said they were behind on their broadband bill, compared with just 4% of non-claimants.
Some 14% of universal credit claimants who said they had to cut down on their internet usage due to cost, also found it difficult to manage their universal credit account as a result.
In an age when we are increasingly able to access public services via the internet, particularly via mobile browsers, we must ensure that we do not leave people behind during this digital revolution.
Our reliance on the internet became acutely clear during the pandemic: NHS Digital recorded 1.2 billion visits to NHS webpages between October 2021 and September 2022, with 131 million visits to the vaccination booking pages.
The increasing prevalence of public information and resources available online is a good thing—as a former NHS worker, I know it has the capacity to make our public services more efficient, more agile and better value for money for taxpayers—but being able to access the NHS website should not be constrained by someone’s financial situation.
Likewise, someone on universal credit should not have to worry about not being able to access their account because of their data allowance.
Simply put, we know that those with the greatest need to access online services are often the ones facing the greatest barriers to do so.
During the pandemic, operators such as Vodafone, EE, Virgin Media, O2 and Three gave their customers free online access to the NHS website, covid information, the NHS app and online education resources such as BBC Bitesize and Oak National Academy.
The operators recognised the huge surge in need and the barriers that some people would face as a result.
This procedure is known as zero-rating, whereby accessing any of those websites would not consume a user’s mobile data allowance.
Indeed, since the pandemic, Virgin Media, O2 and Three continue to offer zero-rating to their customers  for various public service websites after seeing what a vital help it can be for the least well-off during the cost of living crisis.
My Bill simply proposes that we continue the good work that some operators have already done by extending this precedent into a legal requirement for all network providers operating in the UK.
By making the gov.uk and nhs.uk sites zero-rated, we can extend universal free access to the most vital services, such as universal credit, local authority services and NHS health information, to everyone no matter their financial situation.
Zero-rating public service websites is by no means a silver bullet, but it would help to ease one of the many financial burdens that households currently face.
By giving users free access to gov.uk webpages, for instance, we could ease some of the financial pressure and stress for some of the most vulnerable in society.
Many households rely on a mobile phone for all their internet access, but they are often dependent on expensive data top-ups to stay online.
By removing costs from gov.uk and nhs.uk sites, households who visit these services will not have their data affected and will still be able to access them even when they are out of data.
In my constituency of Wakefield, we have a fantastic organisation called Wakefield Technology 4 All, which provides vital digital access support, as well as digital devices themselves, to so many households.
A young woman who came to its support hub last year needed help to rebuild her life after multiple incidents of sexual violence.
As well as having a tight budget to support herself and her children, she had to deal with having no carpets, no beds and no curtains.
What she did have was a donated laptop from Wakefield Technology 4 All, but she struggled to find money for data.
Accessing websites for Government services, the NHS and local council services would often be reactive and unplanned, and she would often find herself running out of data when she needed to access those vital services.
During unimaginably stressful circumstances, she would have to rely on seeing someone face to face at another location, or simply do without the services until she was able to purchase  more credit.
Many of the poorest and most vulnerable households have enough on their plate without the constant worry about how they will access crucial public services and information if their data allowance runs out.
My constituents should not have to worry about the lack of data preventing them from accessing the vital public services and information they need.