The situation in Gaza is truly appalling, but the situation in the west bank is also a cause for huge concern.
Since the horrific  7 October  attacks, over 400 Palestinians have been killed and thousands have been detained.
Further to the  question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton South East (Yasmin Qureshi) , last week Israel advanced plans for 3,400 new homes in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
As a two-state solution is the only path to a lasting peace, does the Minister agree that a firm position on these issues must be taken now by the United Kingdom and the international community?
I hope that I have set out my broad agreement with what the hon.
Gentleman says.
Britain wants to see steps taken against illegal settlements and settlers who have committed crimes—we want to see them arrested, tried and punished for those crimes.
We want to see the Palestinian Authority reinvigorated, with new leadership and a strong approach to taking up the roles that it will need to fulfil when the sky clears and there is a moment for the political track to begin.
What assessment he has made of the steps needed to secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
What assessment he has made of the steps needed to secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on a potential UN Security Council resolution on a ceasefire in Gaza.
We need a humanitarian pause to get aid in and hostages out, leading to a sustainable, permanent ceasefire.
We are pressing for this with Israel, regional leaders and our wider international partners, including the United States.
Given the importance of their role, the Palestinian Authority will require thoroughgoing reform, won’t they?
My right hon.
Friend is right, and that is why both the Foreign Secretary and the noble Lord Ahmad have been in discussions with the Palestinian Authority and the wider regional community—to try to ensure that when the moment comes, as I set out in my response to  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) , the Palestinian Authority are able to seize it.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that an unsustainable ceasefire that rapidly collapses would only make it more difficult to build the confidence required for peace, and that if there was a humanitarian pause now, we could get more aid in and hostages out, and it could help to bring about the conditions required for a sustainable ceasefire?
My hon.
Friend has put his finger on  a critical point.
We do not believe that calling for a general and immediate ceasefire and hoping that it would somehow become permanent will work.
A ceasefire will not last if the hostages are still being held.
We  cannot just will it if neither side wants it, and the conditions need to be in place for it not to collapse within days.
Some of these answers—“We have the toughest arms licence regime”, “We have urged Israel to follow international law”—are the same meaningless, supine nonsense week after week, month after month from this Government.
I have said many times that it sickens me that although this Government—and indeed the Labour Front Benchers—called out Putin’s war crimes in Ukraine at light speed, they prevaricate on doing the same when it comes to the Israeli bombardment and siege of Gaza.
It sickens me that this Government have abstained on UN Security Council ceasefire resolutions.
Will the Minister guarantee that the UK will work with partners to draft a resolution that reflects the will of this House, and finally vote for a ceasefire to end the suffering of so many in Gaza?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, which I think was the question, the answer is yes, but in respect of everything else he said, the answer is no.
Women in Gaza are giving birth without even having a chair to sit down on.
They are having caesareans without medication.
The Minister will know that many aid agencies have repeatedly called out the horrific suffering of the Palestinian people and Israel’s unacceptable restriction on aid flows.
We have been talking about the urgency of an immediate humanitarian ceasefire; how urgently are the Government actually pushing for this with both sides and with partners in the middle east—not just for the urgency of the ceasefire, but for a plan for what comes next?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that on both of those two points—pressing for a pause and pressing all the regional powers on what comes next—the Government are actively and continually engaged.
On her first point about the terrible plight of women in Gaza, that is why the British Government gave nearly £5 million just a week or so ago specifically to try to alleviate the desperate circumstances in Gaza that so many women find themselves in.