The best way to deal with a sustainable ceasefire is obviously to deal with the ongoing humanitarian crisis, and that is best done by UNRWA, not through individual bilateral actions.
The Minister mentions states that have suspended their funding, and the situation is evolving really fast.
The EU has just announced €50 million for UNRWA, and two further tranches of €16 million, subject to the satisfactory completion of an audit.
I take the point that no funding is due from the UK to UNRWA until April, but what further reassurance does the UK need to ensure the funding will be in place, because UNRWA is the best organisation to disburse it and the UK risks being very much on the wrong side of these developments?
I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s last point.
It is true that Canada, Sweden, Spain and the EU, with conditions, expect to be able to resume funding, but as I mentioned earlier, America, Germany, Australia,  Italy, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland take the same view as us.
To the substantive points he  makes, we are in discussions with the leader of UNRWA, Mr Lazzarini, and we are awaiting the report from the former French Foreign Minister and the report from the UN.
We hope that as a result of those reports, sufficient change will be secured, so that we can continue to fund UNRWA, but the hon.
Gentleman should be in no doubt that we have fully funded UNRWA into the next financial year.
What diplomatic steps his Department is taking to help tackle illegal migration.
We are engaging with international partners on a “whole of route” approach to addressing irregular migration.
This includes: a multi-year operational plan with France to stop small boats; developing partnerships to tackle organised immigration crime; improving returns processes; and working with partner countries through a number of international fora to address the root causes.
Small boat crossings continue to be a massive concern for my constituents, many of whom point out to me that there is some logic to the argument that if those who illegally enter our country from France, a safe European country, were returned on the same day, the problem would probably be dealt with overnight.
Has my right hon.
Friend discussed this with her French counterpart, and is her counterpart open to this undeniable logic?
If so, why does France not accept them back on the same day?
My hon.
Friend raises a point that is raised in many of our postbags.
The reality is that individuals in need of international protection should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach; that will always be the fastest route to safety.
We, of course, continue to work collaboratively with our European partners, including France, to address our shared migration challenges.
I can update the House that our partnership with France has helped to bring down small boat arrivals, and together we stopped more than 26,000 crossings last years.