Additionally, she was

tasked with several special missions directly supporting the Secretary

of the Army.
From these successes she was ultimately promoted to Chief

of the Congressional Inquiry Division in 2018.
During her tenure, Mrs.

Cromwell has guided the division and organization through numerous

major events.
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Cromwell has loyally served the Department of the

Army throughout the Cold War, Operations Just Cause, Desert Shield,

Desert Storm, Noble Eagle, the September 11, 2001 tragedy, Operations

Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom, Inherent Resolve and Freedom's

Sentinel.
For her indelible contributions to our country, Mrs. Cromwell

received the Meritorious Civilian Service Medal, Superior Civilian

Service Award, Commander's Award for Civilian Service, and the Civilian

Service Achievement Medal.
She did not serve because she wanted awards

and accolades, however.
She served because she believed in the vital

importance of her work.
Mrs. Cromwell has been an invaluable asset to our government, our men

and women in uniform, and the American people.
Although many will be

sad to see her departure, she deserves a long and happy retirement.
As

she starts this next chapter, I wish her, her husband Stewart, her two

sons, and the rest of their family and friends well.
I am certain that

all my fellow Members of the House will join me in thanking Mrs.

Michelle Cromwell for her commitment and contributions to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained due

to family obligations, I regret missing the 3 votes on December 11,

2023.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
707,

YEA on Roll Call No.
708, and YEA on Roll Call No.
709.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ABRAHAM SCHNITZER

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th birthday

of First Lieutenant Abraham ``Abe'' Schnitzer of Houston, Texas, and

his service as a navigator in the United States Army Air Corps during

the Second World War.
Mr. Schnitzer was born in Port Arthur, Texas, on August 18, 1923.
After graduating from Port Arthur High School, he went to work for

Bethlehem (previously called Pennsylvania) Shipyard in Beaumont, Texas.
In 1942, while working as a foreman overseeing shipbuilding operations,

Mr. Schnitzer felt called to quit his ``safe job'' and join the

military to defend his country.
He did so and was commissioned in the

United States Army Air Corps.
He specialized as a navigator on the B-17 Flying Fortress.
He was

first assigned to the 445th Bombardment Group of the 2nd Air Division

of the Eighth Air Force to continue training on B-17 bombers.
He was

soon designated the lead navigator of the entire group and guided many

bombing missions over Nazi-occupied France and Belgium.
As the war continued, he was eventually placed in the B-24 Liberator,

where he and his crew carried out 20 dangerous missions over Germany.
In fact, his bombardment group led the first bombing mission on Berlin.
American actor and icon Jimmy Stewart was one of the officers in that

group, and he would join Mr. Schnitzer and the other airmen in their

downtime.
During his time in the European Theater, Mr. Schnitzer flew 24 combat

missions and accumulated 165 combat flight hours.
According to his

service records, he ``navigated B-24 aircraft over land and sea by dead

reckoning, pilotage, celestial, and radio navigation.''
For his

military duty, Mr. Schnitzer was awarded the Distinguished Flying

Cross, Air Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, European-African-Middle

Eastern Campaign Medal with four Bronze Service Stars, and a

commendation from the French government.
Interestingly, two of Mr. Schnitzer's missions over Kassel, Germany,

carry personal significance, as it was the very town that his future

wife and her Jewish family fled during the early years of what would be

known as the Holocaust in 1937.