According to his

service records, he ``navigated B-24 aircraft over land and sea by dead

reckoning, pilotage, celestial, and radio navigation.''
For his

military duty, Mr. Schnitzer was awarded the Distinguished Flying

Cross, Air Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, European-African-Middle

Eastern Campaign Medal with four Bronze Service Stars, and a

commendation from the French government.
Interestingly, two of Mr. Schnitzer's missions over Kassel, Germany,

carry personal significance, as it was the very town that his future

wife and her Jewish family fled during the early years of what would be

known as the Holocaust in 1937.
He met Edith Isenberg as an Air Force

Cadet in 1942 and sent her a daily postcard from Europe until he

returned home in 1945.
They were married for 68 years and had three

children: Robert, Dinah, and Alan.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to honor Abraham ``Abe'' Schnitzer, a

centenarian and distinguished patriot of our great Nation.
May God

continue to bless Mr. Schnitzer--a proud member of the Greatest

Generation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS AND LEGACY OF JUDGE JOHN J. RUFE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the memory of

a notable constituent from my district and friend, the Honorable John

J. Rufe, who passed away on November 18.
Judge Rufe had served the Court of Common Pleas of Bucks County as a

judge since 1989, serving in a full-time capacity until 2009,

whereupon he entered into a Senior Judgeship within the County of

Bucks.
Judge Rufe was dedicated to serving the residents of Bucks

County, and during his years of service he always looked forward to a

day's work at the bench.
During his tenure as a Senior Judge presiding

over drug court, Judge Rufe fully supported and advocated for efforts

to meaningfully help the rehabilitation of those suffering from

addiction throughout Bucks County.
Judge Rufe left the Bucks County Court of Common Pleas in December

2018, leaving behind a profound legacy that touched so many lives.
Judge Rufe will be remembered for his commitment to serving the

residents of Bucks County and for his dedication to learning from the

past and to confronting the challenges that our community will face in

the future.
Judge Rufe will always be remembered as a loving Husband, Father, and

Grandfather and we are all incredibly grateful for the positive impact

he has had on our community.
Let us continue his legacy of public

service each and every day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 14, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 20

10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the future of arms control

and deterrence.