And their elected

officials are listening.
Indeed, I can personally attest, having

participated in their workshops, how effective and valuable these

sessions can be.
As it enters its seventh year, BoricuActivatEd continues to grow its

programs, developing new curricula for high school students--including

the Esperanza Academy in my district--and expanding their programs into

new cities, to empower the next generation of Americans.
By training people of all ages and securing the participation of

elected officials at all levels of government, BoricuActivatEd embodies

civic engagement and community empowerment at its finest.
I am proud to congratulate BoricuActivatEd on their 6th anniversary

and wish them every success as they embark on new accomplishments in

the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BETSY JANE FLENNER

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Mrs. Betsy Jane Flenner

for 16 years of dedicated service to our country.
As a Lead Congressional Correspondent and Security Manager in the

U.S. Navy Office of Legislative Affairs, Betsy has helped answer

thousands of questions from the American people.
In the office, she is

known for her willingness to take on any question and find an answer,

no matter how easy or how complex.
Betsy is admired and respected by her colleagues--her work ethic and

heart for service have made her an asset to her team and to the many

Virginians who have benefitted from her help.
She has built long-

lasting relationships with staff in the halls of Congress, an example

her job description.
Throughout the last eight Congresses, Betsy has been a standout team

member.
Her commitment to providing excellent service has earned her

the Superior Civilian Service Award--one of the highest honorary awards

under the Department of the Navy Civilian Awards program.
Her

enthusiasm for providing our Veterans and servicemembers with the

answers they need will be missed.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Mrs. Betsy Jane Flenner and in wishing her the best in her

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MICHELLE Y. CROMWELL ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF

DEFENSE

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the

distinguished public service and career of a hardworking, talented, and

principled Marylander from my district: Mrs. Michelle Y. Cromwell.
I

thank her for her 43 years of dedicated service with the Department of

Defense, more specifically, the Department of the Army from December

29, 1980, to December 31, 2023.
Throughout her career, Mrs. Cromwell

has served the Department of the Army faithfully and personified the

Army's values of loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor,

integrity, and personal courage.
As the Chief of the Congressional

Inquiry Division within the Office of the Chief, Legislative Liaison

(OCLL), Mrs. Cromwell worked with many Congressional offices on a wide

variety of Army issues and programs with the

highest degree of professionalism and outstanding resourcefulness.
We

all ought to recognize and celebrate her many accomplishments.
Mrs. Cromwell began her career working for OCLL's Congressional

Inquiry Division on December 29, 1980, as a Clerk Typist.
Mrs. Cromwell

has served in many positions within the Congressional Inquiry Division,

including a two-year stint in the Senate Liaison Division on Capitol

Hill.
She has worked her entire federal career in the OCLL, supporting

and responding to countless inquiries from Members of Congress and

their staffers, the Army Senior Leader, and constituents.
Mrs. Cromwell

has also helped with the release of Army contract and casualty

announcements to Congress, ensuring the needs of contractors,

civilians, soldiers, and their families were met.
Additionally, she was

tasked with several special missions directly supporting the Secretary

of the Army.
From these successes she was ultimately promoted to Chief

of the Congressional Inquiry Division in 2018.
During her tenure, Mrs.

Cromwell has guided the division and organization through numerous

major events.