Title: ALONZO MEDINA; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
205

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ALONZO MEDINA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alonzo Medina

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Alonzo has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Alonzo, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Alonzo's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Arvada K-8

School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Alonzo Medina on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ANDRE GURULE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Andre Gurule

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Andre has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Andre, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Andre's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Jefferson Jr./

Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Andre Gurule on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 6TH ANNIVERSARY OF BORICUACTIVATED

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, when most people imagine

American democracy, they picture the House, Senate, or the President

and the work that we do as lawmakers to enact critical legislation to

carry out the Nation's business.
Or maybe they imagine themselves and

their friends and neighbors in the voting booth, casting ballots that

will determine the make-up of government at the state, local, and

federal levels.
To me, however, American democracy also takes another form: the

ongoing dialogue between citizens and public servants like us they

elect to represent them.
In these conversations we learn our

constituents' hopes and dreams for the future, learn to make their

priorities our priorities, and live up to our founders' ideal that the

people should be allowed--and encouraged--to petition their government.
That is true civic engagement; and that idea is at the heart of

BoricuActivatEd, a stellar, Philadelphia-based volunteer-run

organization that is now celebrating its 6th year.
The organization was created during the tragedies of Hurricanes Maria

and Irma which struck Puerto Rico in 2017, killing an estimated 3,000

people and leading to the longest power blackout in U.S. history.
The

group was created to mobilize people across the country to advocate for

needed disaster aid and was immediately successful in marshaling the

combined voice of the Puerto Rican Diaspora.
They made their power felt

and demonstrated that civic engagement works.
Through their civic engagement workshops, BoricuActivatEd has

provided over 4,000 individuals with the tools they need to make their

voices heard.
Thanks to BoricuActivatEd's tireless efforts, countless

more high school students, former juvenile offenders, and community

members from across the country will have the opportunity and ability

to advocate for the issues important to them.
And their elected

officials are listening.
Indeed, I can personally attest, having

participated in their workshops, how effective and valuable these

sessions can be.
As it enters its seventh year, BoricuActivatEd continues to grow its

programs, developing new curricula for high school students--including

the Esperanza Academy in my district--and expanding their programs into

new cities, to empower the next generation of Americans.