After years of valiant service, Mauro transitioned out of military

life, recognizing the profound impact of his experiences in Vietnam.
Yet, his legacy endures--not only through his military contributions

but also in the example he sets for future generations about duty,

resilience, and honor.
It is with great respect and admiration that I recognize Mauro Reza

for his selfless service to our country.
His story is a testament to

the courage of those who have fought for our freedoms, and I urge my

colleagues to join me in expressing our gratitude for his dedication.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FALLEN U.S. DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION AGENT ENRIQUE

``KIKI'' CAMARENA

HON.
TROY E. NEHLS

Mr. NEHLS.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the memory of Enrique

``Kiki'' Camarena, a true American hero who gave his life fighting the

drug trafficking operations of Mexican cartels.
As a former law

enforcement officer and Army reserve officer, I am deeply moved by

Kiki's bravery and sacrifice.
Kiki's remarkable career with the U.S. Drug Enforcement

Administration took him from the

streets of Calexico to the halls of power in Mexico, where he

fearlessly worked to dismantle the Guadalajara Cartel.
His

groundbreaking work led to the discovery of massive drug plantations

and the arrest of high-ranking cartel members.
Tragically, Kiki's life was ended by the very criminals he sought to

bring to justice.
His brutal murder in 1985 shocked our Nation and

sparked a renewed commitment to the battle against the Mexican drug

cartels.
The recent capture of Rafael Caro Quintero, one of the masterminds

behind Kiki's murder, is a testament to the tireless efforts of our

great men and women in law enforcement.
It's a reminder that justice

may be delayed, but it will not be denied.
Not to the United States of

America.
As we honor Kiki's memory, we also reaffirm our commitment to

continuing his vital work.
We will not rest until our communities are

safe from the greatest drug threat our country has ever faced,

fentanyl, which is killing our young people at unprecedented rates.
I urge my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Kiki Camarena, a

true patriot who gave his life in service to our Nation.
May his

sacrifice never be forgotten, and may his legacy inspire future

generations to carry on his courageous work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF REPRESENTATIVE RAUL GRIJALVA

speech of

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

the late Congressman Raul Grijalva.
Raul was one of was one of my dear friends in Congress and someone

who I looked up to as a model for what real progressive leadership

looked like.
He was a legend for the Chicano activism of his youth, and a

trailblazer who started his career in public service as a community

organizer and activist.
From his time on the school board to the County Board of Supervisors

to the halls of Congress--Raul was always a voice for the voiceless.
He left such a profound legacy on Tucson's school board that an

elementary school was named after him years before he ever got elected

to Congress.
He was a fighter for working families his entire life and used every

ounce of grit to deliver for his beloved community every day he was in

office.
He was a fighter for working families his entire life and used every

ounce of grit to deliver for his beloved community every day he was in

office.
He was an uncompromising champion of the environment, of bilingual

education, of the rights of immigrants, and of the rights of Native

Americans.
He was also a genuine human being to the very last, committed to what

he believed in, who never let the petty politics of the day make him

cynical, or hard, or mean.