R.C. Hoskins built

a legacy that has endured for generations, one founded on integrity,

commitment, and community care.
As the years passed, the legacy of Hoskins Drug Store was carried

forward by R.C. Hoskins' daughters, Dudley Hoskins Bostic and Molly

Hoskins Scarbrough, who continue to lead the business today with the

same dedication and vision that their father demonstrated nearly a

century ago.
Their hard work and dedication have ensured that Hoskins

Drug Store remains a beloved part of the community, staying true to its

principles while adapting to the changing needs of the times.
Today, we celebrate the achievements of Hoskins Drug Store, Mr. and

Mrs. Hoskins, and the ongoing contributions of Mrs. Dudley Hoskins

Bostic and Mrs. Molly Hoskins Scarbrough.
Their enduring legacy is a

testament to the power of family, tradition, and the unwavering

commitment to serving the needs of the community.
As Hoskins Drug Store enters its 95th year, we recognize and honor

the Hoskins family for their incredible contributions to the community

and the example they set for future generations of small business

owners.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Hoskins

Drug Store on this incredible milestone and in honoring the legacy of

Mr. Rolland Carvel ``Dudley'' Hoskins.
May this wonderful meeting place

and business serve our community for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH WEEK AND THE UT SCHOOL OF PUBLIC

HEALTH SAN ANTONIO

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National

Public Health Week and the UT School of Public Health San Antonio.
It

is an honor to shed light onto a mission devoted to strengthening our

communities, improving quality of life, and ensuring that everyone has

equal access to quality health and wellness services.
Health extends beyond clinics and hospitals.
It is the cornerstone of

a strong nation.
By engaging our communities, public health workers

address health care disparities and implement competent wellness

programs that provide essential services to diverse communities.
The opening of the UT School of Public Health San Antonio--the newest

addition to the UT Health San Antonio system--underscores the

dedication to implementing tools that lead to a healthier life.
The

institution is a step forward in addressing the challenges faced by

communities in San Antonio and South Texas.
Through cutting edge-

research, the new generation of public health workers will drive our

nation forward.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and bring attention to this

special celebration.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE STEVEN ``STEVE'' DARGAN, WEST HAVEN'S 2025

IRISH PERSON OF THE YEAR

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today

to join the West Haven St. Patrick's Day Committee as well as city and

community leaders as they gather to honor our dear friend, Steven

``Steve'' Dargan, as West Haven's 2025 Irish Person of the Year.
This

special award is bestowed annually on a West Haven resident or couple

of Irish descent who personifies service in the city's close-knit Irish

community.
Steve hails from an ancestry whose legacy is woven into the tapestry

of the American story.
Like so many of us, his family's story is one of

emigration--of leaving the only home you know to search out a better

life for yourselves and family.
In the mid-1800s, Steve's paternal

great-grandparents, Pierce and Ellen Dargan, emigrated from Ireland to

the United States and settled in New Haven.
His maternal grandparents,

John Glacken and the former Margaret McGowan, who left County Donegal

and Derry, Northern Island respectively, for America at different times

in the early 1900s.
They met and married, first settling in Norwich

before making West Haven their home.