Title: COMMEMORATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY- KINGSVILLE; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
58

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY-

KINGSVILLE

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate

Texas A&M University at Kingsville on their 100-year anniversary.
As we celebrate Texas A&M University-Kingsville's 100-year legacy, we

must look back at their history and achievements and continue to build

upon the university's legacy of Care, Integrity, Pride, Innovation, and

Excellence.
On February 24, 1917, the State of Texas passed Bill No.
72, to

establish a teacher training institution in South Texas.
This

institution would go on to be called the South Texas Teachers College.
Eventually, in 1929, the school would once again change its name to the

Texas School of Art and Industries.
The Texas School of Art and Industries would later grow and expand to

provide courses in agriculture and engineering.
In 1941, the school briefly transitioned to a wartime curriculum,

teaching national defense courses to support with the war effort.
Two

decades later it would become officially known as Texas A&I University.
In March of 1972, Texas A&I was selected as one of the first schools

in the country to offer ROTC for women, to eventually be commissioned

into the U.S. Army as Second Lieutenants.
In 1975, Texas A&I would be

the first university to offer a doctoral degree in bilingual studies.
In 1989, Texas A&I University joined Texas A&M University System, one

of the largest systems of higher education in the country.
The list of achievements is endless, from the establishment of a

groundbreaking serpentarium and the National Natural Toxins Center to

the Opening of the Music Education Complex.
Throughout its entire history, one thing remains certain, since its

inception in 1917, Texas A&M-Kingsville (TAMUK) has played a vital role

in shaping the minds of some of our region's leading academics and

professionals.
Through their dedication to higher education, they have provided

South Texas with an exceptional opportunity to succeed.
Thereby, not

only nurturing academic success but also molding the minds of the next

generation of South Texans.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Texas A&M University at Kingsville for

their contributions to our region and congratulate them on this

remarkable milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MAURO REZA, BOOTS ON THE GROUND ALLIANCE'S VETERAN OF

THE YEAR

HON.
GEORGE WHITESIDES

Mr. WHITESIDES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mauro Reza, a

Vietnam War veteran from Palmdale, California, whose service and

sacrifice exemplify the highest ideals of patriotism and dedication to

our Nation.
Mr. Reza was selected as this year's Boots on the Ground

Alliance's Veteran of the Year, an honor his life and service

absolutely merit.
Born and raised in Whittier, Mauro was inspired by his uncle, a

Korean War veteran, to continue his family's proud tradition of

military service.
Answering the call of duty, he enlisted in the United

States Army in November 1966 and served with distinction as a UH-1C

helicopter gunship pilot in the 175th Assault Helicopter Unit's 3rd

Platoon Mavericks during one of the most challenging conflicts in

American history.
From August 1967 to June 1970, Mauro bravely took to

the skies, engaging in aerial combat operations where skill and courage

were paramount to mission success and the safety of his fellow

soldiers.
After years of valiant service, Mauro transitioned out of military

life, recognizing the profound impact of his experiences in Vietnam.
Yet, his legacy endures--not only through his military contributions

but also in the example he sets for future generations about duty,

resilience, and honor.
It is with great respect and admiration that I recognize Mauro Reza

for his selfless service to our country.