Locally, there is continuing concern.
Like the Father of the House, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) , I will support the   proposals.
I floated the nationalisation issue on  27 March , and I see this as a stepping-stone to that situation.
To those who will perhaps demand nationalisation today, I would say that this is a very complex issue, and what matters more than anything else is the future of the workforce and the ability to produce virgin steel.
Nationalisation legislation would not, I sincerely hope, be passed in three hours; it would involve a great deal of work.
Having got themselves into this situation, the Government are now taking the right action.
There has been disappointment locally—to put it mildly—that the Prime Minister did not, following my question to him only 10 days ago, take up the option to meet a cross-party delegation of MPs to discuss the situation, but now that we are where we are, I fully support the Government, and I hope that they accept the sunset clause amendment, which would be prudent.
I can assure them of my full support today, which they will continue to have when they act in the best interests of my constituents.
rose— Order.
Can we try to help each other by not speaking for too long?
I hope we do not have reams of paper for the next speech.
Bill Esterson will be a good example of a shorter speech.
Well, thank you, Mr Speaker—no pressure.
[Interruption.]
I will put some of my papers down.
May I start by praising the Business Secretary and his team for the way in which they have introduced the legislation?
I add to that my praise for trade unions, local management and Members of Parliament of both main parties—not least my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) , who, being a Minister, is not speaking in the debate.
I joined him on a 2023 visit to Scunthorpe, where the very concerns about Jingye that we have heard today were shared with us by local management and trade unions alike.
It is no surprise that those concerns have come to pass.
The last Government were warned, and they chose not to take the action needed.
Ministers in the last Government told me that steel needed by the Navy and by those across our economy could not be made at Scunthorpe, or at other steel plants.
Interestingly, the local management and the trade unions told me that they could make whatever their customers asked them to make by adjusting production.
Again, it is a pity that the last Government did not listen, or we might be in a rather different place now.
During the last Parliament, we were the only country in the G20 where production of primary steel, and steel overall, was falling.
If the blast furnaces were allowed to close, we would be the only country in the G20 without any primary steelmaking capacity, which underlines why today’s legislation is so important.
The steel at Scunthorpe is of strategic national importance.
Some 95% of our rail tracks are made at Scunthorpe, and the steelworks there carry out automotive, construction and defence production, all of which are critically important to this country.
In addition to what is made now, there are opportunities in energy transition  and defence.
Some 25 million tonnes of steel will be required over the next 25 years in the offshore wind sector alone, so there are great opportunities if we can secure the future of Scunthorpe.
At the Liaison Committee last Tuesday, the Prime Minister mentioned that the grid connection plan for the Scunthorpe site is only due in 2034.
Our electricity prices are 46% above the average for International Energy Agency states.
The Government have to address the challenges of slow grid connections and uncompetitive industrial energy prices if they are to enable the modernisation of industry as a whole, and steel in particular.
The Business and Trade Committee, of which I am a member, has heard evidence about the importance of the steel industry, and about the need for primary steelmaking to be retained as a key pillar of UK industrial sovereignty.
We have heard that blast furnaces still play a critical role in strategic and high-grade steel production.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that our economic security is intrinsically linked with our onshore industrial capabilities, and that our Government’s focus on both construction and defence in these uncertain times means that this Bill is very welcome news?
My hon.
Friend makes extremely well the point that our economic security and our national security are two sides of the same coin.
I am pleased to hear about the work being done by the Business and Trade Committee; in his excellent speech, the Committee’s Chair, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Hodge Hill and Solihull North (Liam Byrne) , mentioned the Sub-Committee that has been set up.
I want to talk about Port Talbot, because the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee visited it two weeks ago.
There will be a delay of several years between the closure last year of the blast furnaces there, and the opening of the new electric arc furnace, which is a massive cause for concern in south Wales and beyond.
The excellent financial support provided by this Government, and Tata’s willingness to engage, are a good example of industry and Government being partners, and an indication that the industrial strategy that the Government plan to bring forward is already being effective.
The Bill gives the Government the opportunity to secure steelmaking in this country.
I congratulate the Secretary of State and his colleagues on their decisive action.
Workers and the nation as a whole are grateful for the work of this Government, who are doing absolutely the right thing.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  and I have been calling for British Steel to be a strategic national corporation for some six years.
We said to the previous Administration that the last thing they should do is sell it to the Chinese, but they ignored our splendid advice.
The industry requires long-term investment.
The problem, as we all know, is that it has been beset by short-termism and short-term thinking, as well as by the vast electricity costs in this country, partly caused by net stupid zero and the carbon tariff.
There is now a great opportunity for the House to unify.
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we have the opportunity to take British Steel into public ownership—this weekend, we would urge, for the sum of £1.
We could do a great deal for the taxpayer.
We should invest in refurbishing and relining these blast furnaces, in the same way that the French are doing in Dunkirk.
They are spending a quarter of a billion euros in Dunkirk, and we should do the same.
We should bring in excellent global expertise to help British Steel.
There will be opportunities if we do those things and have long-term procurement contracts for raw materials, including the opportunity to use British coal from Cumbria.
That is an opportunity that the Government declined, but it would create more jobs and save on transport costs.
There is also the opportunity for long-term procurement contracts for British Steel products.
Those are opportunities to make British Steel a long-term, viable business for the taxpayer.
We can bring in long-term patient capital.
If we do those things, we can get everything that we want.
Primary steelmaking is a vital strategic asset, and Scunthorpe can be its epicentre.
We will support the Government’s Bill today, but there is an opportunity to go further, to be bold and to be courageous.
The Secretary of State should show his cajones and show some mettle.
This weekend, he and the Government have the opportunity to remove the uncertainty for 3,000 families in Scunthorpe.
Let us go for it.
Let us nationalise British Steel this weekend and make British steel great again.
Today I represent not only my constituents in Neath and Swansea East, but those of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) .
After years of under-investment and neglect by the previous Government, this Government’s commitment to steel is truly welcome.
However, it is vital that the £2.5 million steel renewal fund already announced by the Government is used to support the industry across the UK, and Wales needs to get its fair share.
Some 2,800 steelworkers lost their jobs in the region, but they recognise that the circumstances in Port Talbot were different from those in Scunthorpe.
In Port Talbot, half the steel production had already been shut down when the Labour Government came into power, despite Plaid Cymru’s desperate attempts to electioneer this as an issue.
It was impossible to reverse the deal that had already been struck between the previous Tory Government and Tata.
Although steelworkers understand the urgency of the current situation and support the Government’s action to prevent further closures and job losses, they need commitments for Wales that will attract investment and create much-needed employment opportunities, like those being offered by the floating offshore wind industry.
It was too late to save the furnaces in Port Talbot and the jobs are long gone, but investment in the area will bring new jobs—and, most importantly, new hope to all our constituents.
You  will not need reminding, Mr Deputy Speaker, but I will remind the House of quite how unusual a day this is, for  a variety of reasons.
The last time we met on a Saturday was at a time of war, and the last time we put a Bill through in one day was at the beginning of the pandemic.
That is how serious the disastrous circumstances in which we find ourselves are.
I assume that this House will accept the Bill, so I will address my comments directly to the Secretary of State.
At one level, this is a “nationalisation in all but name” Bill, because of the powers it gives the Government.
Indeed, it actually gives them more powers than a nationalisation Bill would.
It will allow the Government to do things that they could not do under a nationalisation Bill.
Frankly, I would have voted for one.
I am not a fan of nationalisation, as the Secretary of State will know, but I would have voted for nationalisation.
I will vote for this Bill, for a simple reason: it buys us time.
People have to understand that this is a reprieve, not a rescue.
I do not agree with  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice)  on his strategic nationalisation argument.
Nationalisation under these circumstances buys the Secretary of State time and leverage, and he needs to be able to use his judgment on how to use that time and leverage.
We have had just a hint of a view of how complex a game Jingye is playing.
In fact, if I were to recommend any amendment to the Bill, it would be an amendment to limit to one penny the amount of money that the Government could pay to Jingye, because then no court could challenge that amount, and Jingye would know full well that it was not in line to make money out of the British taxpayer.
We have to look at this in strategic and tactical terms.
Will the right hon.
Member give way on that point?
If the hon.
Lady will forgive me, I will not, because lots of people want to speak.
I will refer to something she said in a minute, so if she really needs to intervene, I will let her come in then.
We are trying to manage a disaster—a disaster for Scunthorpe, which is local to me, as members of my community work at Scunthorpe.
The knock-on economic effects will be felt much more widely than in one town; this will affect thousands and thousands of people all round.
This is also a disaster for our last primary steelmaker, and steelmaking has suddenly become more important.
It was always an important part of national strategy, but Mr Trump has made it a vital, unavoidable piece of national strategy.
We have to create a circumstance that allows the Secretary of State and the Government to manoeuvre us through that.
As Members have said, that means having an energy policy that makes the plant viable—not just viable when it is owned by the state, but commercially viable.
It means having an energy policy under which we do not have the highest energy costs of our competitors, which we do now.
It also means that we have to think very hard about carbon supply.
At the moment, the technology does not exist that allows us to make primary steel without carbon supply, so we have to think about that.
Primary steel is a strategic supply, so we cannot rely on another country for it.
I want to see this Bill used in a way that gives the Secretary of State the time to deliver those things, but it must also give this House the right to see what he is  doing and how the strategies are turning out.
Nobody has got this right.
If those on the Government Benches want me to, I can go back to 1997 and park blame, but I do not want to do that today.
I want to make this viable.
We have to get our energy, environmental and industrial policies all in line to make this work.
To put this in context, last year British Steel lost about £408 million—that was the September number.
This year it is about £250 million.
Neither of those are small amounts of money.
The Treasury would shut down an operation if we just left something like that running inside the Government for very long.
We need a new strategy that cuts our carbon emissions without exporting our industry to the rest of the world.
I am afraid that most of our successes in carbon reduction over the last decade or two—or three—have been by dint of exporting industries to other countries, often with much worse records than us.
In this case it would be China.
China has 50% of the world market already.
It has massive excess in steel capacity, and its steel capacity is the most carbon inefficient there is, so we would actually be worsening the circumstances.
The Business and Trade Committee has taken clear evidence that we need a carbon border adjustment mechanism, so that carbon-rich steel, such as that from China, is taxed much more heavily.
Crucially, what is needed on the table are the steel safeguards from the Trade Remedies Authority to guard our markets from a flood tide of Chinese steel right now.
I am afraid the right hon.
Member is right.
The difficulty is that we are in a new world.
The terrible thing is—the House will only ever hear me say this once—that Trump has a small point in some respects, and we have to deal with the world as it is.
Moving on to the sunset clause, I can imagine that the instinct is not to put a sunset clause in the Bill, because we are dealing with a difficult negotiator, and putting in a sunset clause would be putting in a backstop.
When we put a backstop on ourselves, we give the other side a negotiating advantage.
In his speech, the Secretary of State mentioned that the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 would be a route.
For those who have not read that legislation, we spent a year putting it in place under the Blair Government, and it has recourse to Parliament at every turn: Ministers are properly controlled, it must be transparent, and so on.
I suggest to him that at some point he might organise a transition to that, so that the House has greater control.
The Coronavirus Act 2020 did not have that—it missed all those defences—and look what happened to the policy as a result.
This is what I would like to see: recourse to Parliament over the actions the Secretary of State takes to manage the survival of Scunthorpe and the policies to ensure its viability and, in the post-Putin and Trump era, the security of supply.
We want to see all those things, and we can organise legislation to permit them.
I ask the Secretary of State to take the House into his confidence and do this properly.