We remain in close engagement with all the unions, which have been monitoring the situation closely.
Again, I reiterate that the Bill is not in itself about a change of ownership; it is about a change of control to rectify the situation.
However, I will certainly have regard to the comments my hon.
Friend has made and, of course, the role of the workforce at all stages.
We will never accept the argument that steelmaking  is a sunset industry.
Steel is vital to every bit of the modern economy.
Domestic demand for steel is set only to go up, not down.
In the past few weeks alone, we have seen Heathrow airport announce multibillion-pound expansion plans requiring 400,000 tonnes of new steel, and Universal Studios confirm it will be building Europe’s biggest theme park and, where possible, will use UK-made steel to do so.
This Government are backing the builders, not the blockers.
With the action we take today, we have the chance to feed that boom with steel made in Britain.
The legislation we are setting out today will help to end the uncertainty that has been hanging over British Steel’s Scunthorpe site for too long.
I welcome the Opposition’s support today for this recall, but this issue should have been resolved years ago.
I believe they may now view it as a mistake to have given this essential national asset to this company.
I have to address the statement made by the Leader of the Opposition yesterday, which I do as a matter of genuine regret.
She claimed that while she did my job,   she negotiated a modernisation plan with British Steel to build an electric arc furnace at Teesside, followed by one at Scunthorpe.
I wish to make it unequivocally clear to the House that the new Government inherited no such deal.
We could not renege on that deal because it did not exist.
On day one, I was told that there had been a lack of progress on this matter to date.
rose— If such a deal was negotiated, somehow in secret, I ask the Leader of the Opposition to say how much money she agreed to give Jingye for this deal and what conditions were placed on it.
To state the obvious, building two electric arc furnaces in two different locations would be more expensive than building one in one location, and, given that Jingye’s request to build two furnaces in Scunthorpe was for £1.2 billion in taxpayers’ support, what— On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like advice on how to counter the points the Secretary of State is making, given that they are factually incorrect and a complete misrepresentation of the situation that he inherited.
It has just been clarified by your good self.
I cannot make the Secretary of State give way when you want to come to the Dispatch Box, but I am sure that if he notices you doing so again, he may wish to.
This is an excellent chance to clarify that.
If the Leader of the Opposition agreed a deal with Jingye to cause massive job losses in Scunthorpe and transfer the jobs to a completely different place, and at higher cost than the request the company made to us, I think she should be able to tell us.
I am more than happy to give way.
Labour cannot negotiate.
We were negotiating a modernisation deal that would have had limited job losses, just as we had in Port Talbot.
The Labour Government inherited a functioning commercial deal in Port Talbot, and the same would have happened with British Steel had we not had a snap election.
What the Secretary of State is doing now is the union-pushed deal.
They brought that deal to me—I said no; he said yes.
This is genuinely revelatory.
I say again: if Jingye’s request was for £1.2 billion to build at lesser cost in one place, what was the sum of money agreed by the Leader of the Opposition when she was Business Secretary to build in two places?
It certainly was not in the accounts that the Chancellor had.
I will give way.
How much money was agreed to Jingye to close the jobs in Scunthorpe?
I ask her.
When you are negotiating, you do not have—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are cheering and laughing because they love this; they think that the public taking on billions of pounds in liabilities is fantastic.
We had not finished the negotiation so there was no amount, but it would have succeeded better than the terrible plan that the Secretary of State has now.
Our friends in the press will follow that up and find out exactly how much money the Leader of the Opposition secretly promised to Jingye to transfer those jobs out of Scunthorpe.
I think it might be wise, on all counts, for that statement to be withdrawn.
The situation we inherited across the board on assuming office is one where most of our foundation industries were in some substantial difficulty.
Since 2010, UK crude steel production has almost halved, and we know that rebuilding our steel industry after years of neglect will be a challenge, but it is one that this Government have grasped.
My right hon.
Friend and I were in this House in 2015 when the Conservative party sat on its hands and kissed goodbye to the Redcar blast furnace and, with it, the state-of-the-art coke ovens that could have resolved this situation today.
Before he sits down, will he say something about the Jingye activities at Lackenby and Skinningrove and how they will be impacted by today’s announcement?
I am really grateful that my hon.
Friend has been able to put that point on the record for his community, to avoid the kind of situation we have seen in lots of industrial communities, to be frank, over the years.
This is why we take this action today in the national interest: to provide that bridge and that possibility to the future.
Specifically in relation to the downstream mills, even if we were willing to accept a situation in which they were supplied from a foreign country, as in this case, the confidence of consumers and businesses would surely be put at risk and it would bring into question the entirety of British Steel’s workforce and business and a huge part of our strategic assets.
That, again, is why this decisive action today is necessary.
The right hon.
Gentleman said that steel production is strategically important, and I agree.
He said that we should be avoiding having to be reliant on imports, and I agree.
However, his Government blocked production of the raw material metallurgical coalmine in the north-west.
Will he now go back to his colleagues in Government and the company to encourage them to reapply so we can have security not just of steelmaking, but of the raw materials that are needed to make it?
The hon.
Lady will know that the company brought into question whether that coal was the right grade for blast furnace supplies.
I remember several debates in this place about that.
I should also make it clear—I think hon.
Members understand this—that we are talking about two blast furnaces that date from the 1930s and 1950s.
We must also be looking to the future, to new technology and new investments.
Crucially, having the dedicated resources that this Government have put into steel is why we have the chance to look to the future with optimism.
The UK steel industry is an outlier, in the sense that it is a much smaller proportion of our overall economy than in any major comparable economy, so of course there is potential, and we should look to the future.
I would be more than willing to work with the hon.
Lady as a local MP to do so.
rose— I will give way one last time.