The Government must turn their attention to the next steps, because the measures we are taking today are not without risk.
Unless we set a course for steel in the UK that closely aligns with our industrial strategy,  this will be only another sticking plaster for a site that has already been put through the wringer too many times over the years.
The powers that the Government seek today will protect the workers at British Steel from any retaliatory measures that Jingye may have sought to take.
That is welcomed by those workers, who have often felt at the mercy of the company’s owners and unseen by the Government.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one major way in which we could secure markets for British steel is through the “British first” strategy that the Ministry of Defence has set out for the building of future warships?
Order.
Mr Roca, has somebody texted a photograph outside this place of what is going on here this morning?
indicated dissent.
Okay, can people please not take or text photographs?
I do not know if that is the case here, but your name has just been associated with it.
I agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Luke Akehurst) ; it is imperative that we tie up all the initiatives that this Government are bringing forward, whether in defence or other critical areas of industry, to make sure we can secure the long-term future of steel.
To ensure the best chance of successfully securing a private partner or long-term commercial solution, the Government must take all actions available within their powers and do all they can to make British Steel viable.
I wonder whether now is perhaps the time for the Government to look again at the carbon border adjustment mechanism.
The EU has already brought in the adjustment mechanism to protect against international steel dumping.
By doing all we can—whether by keeping down energy costs, as I know the Minister has sought to do, investing through the national wealth fund or, indeed, bringing in the CBAM—this is our chance to secure a genuine, long-term solution for the preservation of British Steel.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) , my Member of Parliament; on this matter we are in complete harmony.
Before I talk about the local situation, which is what I want to focus on, may I thank the Secretary of State for giving me a call yesterday evening and outlining the proposals he would be bringing forward this morning?
I did say to him that I would not be entirely uncritical, so I am sure he will not mind a few jabs here and there.
The local situation is extremely critical, as has been pointed out.
The impact, not only on the workforce but on the wider economy of northern Lincolnshire, would be extensive.
I have been a resident in the Grimsby-Cleethorpes area all my life, and I have seen the impact when a town loses its core industry.
In the case of Grimsby, of course, that was the deep-sea fishing industry.
When that decline happens—it has happened to so many towns up and down the country as a result of the  decline in mining, shipbuilding and other heavy industries—it takes a generation or perhaps more for the town to fully recover.
That is the last thing I want to see happen in my neighbouring constituency of Scunthorpe, or to the hundreds of my constituents who work there.
Those Members who were here for the Easter Adjournment debate—there were a handful—might have heard me say this only four days ago, but the site extends way beyond the bounds of Scunthorpe, into my Brigg and Immingham constituency.
The site is the equivalent of 1,133 Wembley football pitches, which gives an idea  of its size and of the amount of work that would be needed were the steelworks to close.
There would be demands for vast Government investment over decades, in order to remediate the site and to provide new employment.
I said that I would not be entirely uncritical of the Secretary of State, so I refer him to my first urgent question on this matter, on  5 September  last year.
I said on that occasion: “There have been widespread media reports suggesting that coke will stop being imported from October, which would mean production would stop in Scunthorpe by Christmas.
There are rumours concerning the fact that employees will be given notice very soon.
That is obviously creating great anxiety among those directly employed by British Steel and those in the supply chain, which in northern Lincolnshire extends to many thousands of people and many businesses.”—[Official
Report,  5 September 2024 ; Vol. 753, c. 424.]
Thankfully, we have had a six-month reprieve from those threats in October, but I have to say, the Government have been a little dilatory on this.
I appreciate that negotiations have been taking place and Ministers cannot give away their negotiating position, but I made this point as long ago as September, as well as when you granted me an urgent question on  27 March , Mr Speaker—only a couple of weeks ago—and surely the Government were beginning to realise at that point that the negotiations with Jingye were going nowhere.
I am extremely grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for putting that point on the record.
It is precisely because of those concerns that we were able to have ready a legal route to intervene to directly offer support to purchase raw materials.
What we could not have anticipated or expected was for a company to act in an irrational economic manner when such a clear, distinctive and generous offer was made.