Recalling Parliament today was absolutely the right thing to do, but to be frank, it is extraordinary that we find ourselves in a situation in which our sovereign steel industry is in such peril as a result of the Conservatives’ failings and the Labour Government are now trying to give themselves unprecedented powers.
It is astounding that, even after British Steel was sold for £1, even after it entered insolvency and even after the Government’s Insolvency Service temporarily ran it, the Conservatives pressed ahead to erect more trade barriers through their botched Brexit deal, scrapped the Industrial Strategy Council and allowed the sale of the steel plant to a Chinese firm that, according to Ministers, is now refusing to negotiate in good faith at least to keep the plant going.
The Conservatives were asleep at the wheel.
They failed to tackle energy costs and business rates, and now Trump’s tariffs and contagious protectionism are the straw that has broken the camel’s back.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that the Conservatives were also in government in 2015, when the steelworks at Redcar closed and thousands of people lost their jobs?
As the hon.
Member knows, the three things that I have just outlined—British Steel being sold for a pound, British Steel entering insolvency and the Government’s Insolvency Service being left temporarily running the firm—all happened in 2019.
With Putin’s barbaric war in Europe and Donald Trump’s disastrous tariffs causing economic turmoil around the world, we must secure the future of steel production here at home.
We Liberal Democrats welcome the sense of seriousness and urgency shown by the Government  in recalling Parliament.
We must work together to rescue our steel sector and the tens of thousands of jobs that directly and indirectly rely on it.
But under the terms of the Bill, the Secretary of State is giving himself huge and unconstrained powers that could set a very dangerous precedent.
I urge him to make a commitment, in the strongest possible terms, to repeal the powers that he is giving himself as soon as possible—within six months at the latest—and to come back to this House for another vote to extend those powers if they are still required after that.
As I tried to articulate in my opening speech on Second Reading, I understand the gravity of the situation, which gives puts some context to the demands for further powers to be included in the Bill.
The limitation, as wide as it is, is the right measure, and I can give the hon.
Member my absolute assurance that I shall seek to do exactly as she says.
I am incredibly grateful to the Secretary of State for giving that assurance, which is important in the context of what the powers in the Bill actually are.
Clause 3(4)(a) gives the Secretary of State the power to break into anywhere to seize assets.
Clause 3(4)(c) gives the Secretary of State the power to take whatever steps he considers appropriate—not what a court or a reasonable person might consider to be appropriate—to seize or secure assets.
Clause 4(3), on offences, makes it a crime for anyone not to follow the instructions of the Secretary of State, or to refuse to assist the Secretary of State in taking those steps without a “reasonable excuse”.
However, a “reasonable excuse” is not defined in the Bill, no examples are given, and, quite frankly, it is hard to work out what defence of a “reasonable excuse” might be accepted given that, under clause 3(4)(c), it is whatever the Secretary of State himself considers to be okay.
Clause 6(1), on indemnities appears to give the Secretary of State and potentially any other person who is with him—a police officer, a civil servant, or a Border Force official—immunity from prosecution for using any of these wide-ranging powers.
These powers are unprecedented and they are unconstrained.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for saying that that is precisely why he intends to repeal them as soon as possible.
More broadly, the Government must now also bring forward plans to guarantee the future of this vital sector.
We know the steel industry is surrounded by crippling uncertainty.
After decades of underinvestment and shocking indifference to our sovereign economic security, the previous Conservative Government have left our sovereign national capacity on steel diminished and endangered.
Yet there is no chance that UK demand for steel will disappear.
How absurd and irresponsible is it that we have a sustainable and enduring long-term market for British steel, but that our supply could keel over in a matter of days because of the failures of the failed Conservative party?
So looking ahead, let us remember that saving Scunthorpe is necessary, but not sufficient on its own.
There have been significant discussions about the future ownership structure of this company.
Given the precarious fiscal position in which the Government find themselves, it is important that all options on ownership are put on   the table, so that this House can take an informed decision about what they mean for the public finances.
I hope the Government will make a commitment that, in the coming weeks, they will bring forward a report that sets out options for future ownership of the plant.
Looking ahead, many big questions remain unanswered.
Will the Government immediately designate UK-made steel a nationally strategic asset?
Will they be using direct reduced iron, and, if so, will that form part of the UK’s plans alongside protecting the production of virgin steel at Scunthorpe?
When will the Government bring forward a comprehensive plan to ensure that more British steel is used in vital infrastructure projects, from defence to renewable energy?
Will Ministers work shoulder to shoulder with our European and Commonwealth partners to tear down trade barriers, including by negotiating a customs union by 2030?
Will they develop initiatives to retrain and upskill workers across the country as we transition to greener methods of steel production?
How do the Government intend to respond to calls from UK Steel for the Government to achieve the lowest electricity prices in Europe, parity with competitors on network charges, and wholesale electricity market reform?
This case should also raise concerns about the role of Chinese corporate interests in the UK’s national critical infrastructure.
The decision by British Steel’s Chinese owners to turn down the Government’s offer of £500 million to support the future of the Scunthorpe plant has directly precipitated this crisis.
We must now be clear-eyed about the risks posed by Chinese involvement in our country’s vital infrastructure.
To that end, will the Minister tell the House when the Government’s promised UK-China audit will be released, and how the Government plan to strengthen protections for critical infrastructure?
Can he assure the House that the Government have assessed whether there is any risk that Jingye, on behalf of the Chinese Government, has deliberately run down the plant to jeopardise the UK’s capacity to produce steel?
We are in a precarious position, and it is not as if there were no warnings.
In 2022, the Royal United Services Institute think-tank said: “Domestically produced steel is used in defence applications, and offshoring the supply chain may have security implications—for example, in a scenario where multiple allied countries rearm simultaneously at a time of global supply disruption, such as during a major geopolitical confrontation.”
The fact that Jingye has now closed down the supply of raw materials is further evidence that the plant should not have been sold to it in the first place.
Quite frankly, the fact that some Conservative MPs are calling for nationalisation shows how far through the looking glass we really are.
Is not the Conservatives’ attitude abundantly clear?
On national security, they cut troop numbers by 10,000; on food security, they undermined our farmers with unforgiveably bad trade deals; and on economic security, they left our country with almost no sovereign steel capacity.
On security, the Conservatives left our island nation severely vulnerable, like flotsam in the sea, passively bobbing up and down or being bashed around by the tides of international events.
As for hon.
Members from the private limited company Reform Ltd, they have a bit of cheek to claim to support UK steelworkers while cheering on their pal  President Trump, whose punishing trade war is putting those steelworkers’ jobs at risk.
Perhaps the company’s directors who sit in this House will come clean about whose side they are really on.
Time and again, we have seen the failures of an ad hoc, piecemeal approach to industry across all sectors, from the failure of our water companies to the shocking state of our housing nationally and the dismal situation of our health service.
For too long, there has been no stability for these industries, which are constantly fixed on a short-term basis only, to the point where they are practically held together by string and tape and the dedicated workers who remain.
We Liberal Democrats stand ready to help constructively to bring about an outcome that delivers real change.
Today, some of us have been surprised to hear the Opposition talk about a failure to prepare.
The workers of Scunthorpe might say that they had 14 years to prepare, and failed.
British Steel’s products are essential to industry, to this country’s security, and to the delivery of major infrastructure programmes across the country, including in London.
British Steel supplies Transport for London with the power rail used on its transport network, which is not manufactured anywhere else in the country.
For railways, including the underground, power rail from British Steel is essential to the everyday operation of the service, which supports up to 4 million customer journeys each day.
The closure of British Steel would have a very serious adverse effect on Transport for London’s services, as it would on projects up and down the country—so, above all, Transport for London believes in the importance of a UK-based supply chain for steel.
Finally, everyone in this House understands that the Bill is not about bringing steel into public ownership—whatever the Opposition assert—but some of us hope that moving on to nationalisation will not be ruled out.
All of us on the Government Benches believe in what works, but privatisation certainly does not always work.
The water industry comes to mind.
Since privatisation, not a single reservoir has been built.
Instead, billions have been poured into the pockets of shareholders.
Now raw sewage floats in our waterways and rivers, and it is the consumer who will have to pay exorbitant charges for investment that should have been made all along.
This House supports the Government in moving to save British Steel and the jobs of thousands and thousands of workers.
It also supports the Government in moving so quickly and with such certainty to protect the country’s interests, including in relation to security, and in working to save the community in Scunthorpe, because one of the issues with deindustrialisation is the long-term effect on many communities up and down the country.
We all support what the Government are doing.
I have just come off the phone to Tom Smith, the trade union convenor at the blast furnaces, on behalf of my many   constituents who work next door in Scunthorpe.
My primary concern today is with the nearly 3,000 people who work in this plant.
Let us be clear: we have been making the best quality steel in the world for 135 years in Lincolnshire, and we intend to go on doing it.
We are not going to allow cheap, inferior Chinese steel to kill off our industry.
The workers of Scunthorpe are breathing a sigh of relief.
We can be party political.
I have to say that I thought the Chairman of the Business and Trade Committee made an excellent speech—he was positive and talked in strategic terms—but I do not know what the Liberal Democrat spokesman,  the hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) , achieved by constantly attacking the Conservative party on what is a very complex issue.
Of course we can be criticised because we sold this company to Jingye—yes, I agree—but how many voices on the Liberal Democrat Benches were speaking up at the time?
Were they speaking up when Greg Clark, our then Business Secretary, paid the wages of the Scunthorpe steelworkers for many months?
Were they speaking up when we saved Sheffield Forgemasters?
This is a highly complex issue and we should be working together, so I support the Bill.
I know that we can be critical of the Government.
Perhaps we should have acted sooner—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  has been raising this point; I was sitting beside him at the end of March when he raised it and called for nationalisation of the industry—but we have now got to work together to save our steelmaking capacity.
We know, though, that this Bill is a bit of a sticking plaster.
It is quite dangerous.
Quite extensive powers are being taken by the Government, so there has to be a sunset clause.
We are giving unprecedented powers to the Government.
We can criticise them for not acting sooner, but this is a sticking plaster on a gaping wound.
Let us be honest: steelmaking in this country is under extreme stress.
And why is that?
Why are we loading the most expensive energy costs on to our own steel production?
Why is Scunthorpe paying almost twice as much in energy costs as those in South Korea or in America?
High energy prices make UK steel expensive to produce and uncompetitive versus that produced by our European counterparts.
In 2024-25, the average price paid by UK steelmakers was £60 a kWh, compared with the German price of £50 and the French price of £43.
We are making our own steel industry uncompetitive.
We have to stop these green energy costs.
We have to be realistic.
The Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero has now left, but we need to get real.
We can take steel into public ownership now, but if we go on loading costs on our industry, we will have to come back month after month and year after year.
We will support the Bill, although we want a sunset clause.
But we have to get real about China, too.
Was it not obvious for weeks and, indeed, for months?
This is a so-called private company, but there is no such thing as a private company in China.
They are all under the cosh of the Government, under an autocratic regime.
What do they care about the steelworkers in Scunthorpe?
What do they care about our national interest?
Never again, colleagues, must we allow such a strategic industry to fall into the hands of the Chinese, the Russians or anybody else.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman clarify whether he was aware that the Chinese company that is now in possession of British Steel was sold it by a Conservative Government of which he was part?
Of course I am, because I just said that.
I have just admitted that it was a mistake, but I ask everybody what they were saying at the time.
Of course, there is silence.
It is easy to be wise after the event, but I am worried about my steelworkers—I am worried about their future.
rose— I give way to our former leader.
I want to make sure that my right hon.
Friend puts the record straight: some of us on the Opposition Benches warned the then Government that it was wrong.
There we are: some of us apparently warned the Government.
I do not know how many.
We now know the true nature of our Chinese friends.
We support the Bill.
Let us make our steel industry really competitive again and let us make Great Britain great again.
rose— Order.
Can I make an appeal to everybody?
A lot of people want to speak and there is going to be some disappointment.
I think those whose constituents are actually going to be affected should be allowed to speak, but let us see how we go for time.
We need to be brief to get more Members in.
Let us have a good example from Melanie Onn.
I am delighted to follow  the right hon.
Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) .
Given his Damascene conversion to socialism today, he could be termed the new “Red Ed”.