Mr Speaker, I wonder whether you will forgive me for returning the debate to the Bill, which is about saving British Steel.
That is what the debate should be focused on, and I commend the Secretary of State for bringing forward the powers to achieve that goal.
He has acted with decisiveness, speed and certainty, and I thank him for the Bill he has presented today.
He has acted in the national interest, and he has acted to safeguard our economic security.
I am delighted that he has also acted in line with the Select Committee’s advice, which was tabled with him 10 days ago—as we know, that does not always happen.
We urged him to maximise pressure on British Steel’s owners, not to do what was easy, but to do what was right.
Today he has returned to the House with a Bill asking for the powers to do exactly that.
This legislation matters not simply because it protects 3,700 jobs in Scunthorpe, not simply because it protects 37,000 jobs in the steel supply chain across our nation and not simply because it safeguards nearly £2 billion of economic output; it matters because it defends our economy, our security and, therefore, our future.
At the heart of this debate is a very simple question: can we entrust a critical national asset to a company we do not trust?
I say no, we cannot, we must not and we dare not.
We are presented with a very simple challenge in British Steel’s owners: we have a company in possession of an asset that we need, yet it is a partner that we do not trust.
In a world where threats to our economic security multiply each day, we cannot allow that risk to fester at the heart of our industrial core.
Does the right hon.
Member agree that there is a wider issue at stake: our energy security and national security?
We have seen what can go wrong with a Chinese company that we do not trust, and we see Chinese influence increasing in other vital sectors, particularly our energy industry.
Should that not underline our concern and act as a warning that we do not want the Chinese to have control of our energy supply?
We are here in the House to answer a very basic question: if we cannot trust a company, can we entrust to it a capability that we need, when that capability is so vital to our strength?
That is one reason why the Select Committee has set up a new Sub-Committee on Economic Security, Arms and Export Controls.
We will be reporting back to the House on the state of economic security in our country before the summer recess, and I look forward to the hon.
Lady’s comments on that report.
The general point I want to land is this: what we value most cannot be entrusted to those we distrust most.
The timing of the Bill is critical; we live in an age of intensifying insecurity.
President Putin’s violence is unabated, China’s military build-up is unabated and now President Trump threatens to upend the free trading system.
In such a world, to surrender our ability to make primary steel would not be a misfortune—it would be negligence.
My right hon.
Friend will know that the Select Committee has spoken to defence companies about how necessary it is not to rely on imports at a time such as this.
Does he agree that national resilience and defence rely on industrial security?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In this debate, we need to remember that 95% of our rail infrastructure is made by British Steel.
British Steel also supplies three quarters of every major construction project in this country.
Thanks to the Chancellor, we are about to invest £10 billion in the rearmament of this country; much of what we need to put in place will be made by British Steel.
How can we afford to let British Steel go out of business today?
How can we vote against the Bill?
British Steel is not simply a pillar of British industry: it is a cornerstone of our economic security.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman agree with me, as a card-carrying advocate of industrial strategy, that this argument applies to some of our other key high-growth sectors, such as fusion, quantum and space?
We have to accept that the days of easy globalisation are over and be a bit more strategic about how we support our emerging industries.
Mr Speaker, you know that I could answer that question all day, but you would rule me out of order, so I will confine my remarks to the Bill.
However, I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
He is absolutely right, and that is why we have to work harder across the House to build a consensus about the big calls that we need to get right for our future.
British Steel faces significant headwinds, not just from Chinese steelmakers flooding the market, but from the new 25% tariff from the United States, and we have to rise to the challenge of decarbonisation, yet we in this House must keep our eyes on the prize ahead of us.
The Chancellor has just committed £100 billion-worth of capital investment, we are building affordable homes at a pace not seen in decades and we are investing £10 billion in defence.
There is a market to seize, but only if we have the means to supply it.
British Steel cannot profit from Britain’s future if Chinese firms are allowed to kill it today.
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need a steel industry in Britain and that we need to invest in it.
Does he not think that we could be going a bit further today and, instead of this temporary measure, taking the whole steel industry into public ownership so it can be what it has always been—the bedrock of manufacturing industry in Britain—and give us security for the future, free from market forces?
The right hon.
Gentleman may well be right, but this is the second key point that I want to land: the truth is that Jingye is a mess.
It has failed to publish accounts since 2021.
Two auditors have resigned; one cited material concerns about the company’s ability to remain a going concern.
Inventories cannot be verified.
Cash-flow statements are missing.
The company is not acting in good faith, and that is why the Secretary of State is right to take the powers that he is asking for today.
It is clear that the escalating trade war between China and the United States created the imperative to act today.
It is clear that Jingye was about to move primary steelmaking capability from Scunthorpe back to China and merely use the downstream mills in Scunthorpe.
That may have been good for China’s economic security, but it is not good for Britain’s national security, and that is why we need to give the Secretary of State the powers that he is asking for.
The options on the table are very simple.
The Secretary of State could do nothing and watch the furnaces close; he could hope, but hope is not a strategy; or he could act, as he has done today.
He has acted with strength and made a decision in the long-term interests of our country, and the House should give him its full and unabated support.