Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Secretary Jonathan Reynolds, supported by the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Pat McFadden, Secretary John Healey, Secretary Ed Miliband, and Secretary Heidi Alexander, presented a Bill to make provision about powers to secure the continued and safe use of assets of a steel undertaking.
Bill read the first time; to be read a Second time today, and to be printed (Bill 221) with explanatory notes (Bill 158-EN).
I beg to move, That: (a) at this day’s sitting any member of the Panel of Chairs may take the Chair as Deputy Speaker when requested to do so by the Speaker, without any formal communication to the House; (b) at its rising this day this House do adjourn until  Tuesday 22 April ; and (c) the following provisions shall apply to the proceedings on the Steel Industry (Special Measures)
Bill: Timetable (1)(a) Proceedings on Second Reading and in Committee of the whole House, any proceedings on Consideration and proceedings on Third Reading shall be taken at this day’s sitting in accordance with this Order.
(b) Notices of Amendments, new Clauses or new Schedules to be moved in Committee of the whole House may be accepted by the Clerks at the Table before the Bill has been read a second time.
(c) Proceedings on Second Reading and in Committee of the whole House, any proceedings on Consideration and proceedings on Third Reading shall be brought to a conclusion, if not previously concluded, at 2 pm at this day’s sitting.
Timing of proceedings and Questions to be put (2) As soon as the proceedings on the Motion for this Order have been concluded, the Order for the Second Reading of the Bill shall be read.
(3) When the Bill has been read a second time: (a) it shall, despite  Standing Order No. 63 (Committal of bills not subject to a programme order) , stand committed to a Committee of the whole House without any Question being put; (b) proceedings on the Bill shall stand postponed while the Question is put, in accordance with  Standing Order No. 52(1) (Money resolutions and ways and means resolutions in connection with bills) , on any financial resolution relating to the Bill; (c) on the conclusion of proceedings on any financial resolution relating to the Bill, proceedings on the Bill shall be resumed and the Speaker shall leave the Chair whether or not notice of an Instruction has been given.
(4) (a) On the conclusion of proceedings in Committee of the whole House, the Chair shall report the Bill to the House without putting any Question.
(b) If the Bill is reported with amendments, the House shall proceed to consider the Bill as amended without any Question being put.
(5) For the purpose of bringing any proceedings to a conclusion in accordance with paragraph (1), the Chair or Speaker shall forthwith put the following Questions in the same order as they would fall to be put if this Order did not apply: (a) any Question already proposed from the chair; (b) any Question necessary to bring to a decision a Question so proposed; (c) the Question on any amendment, new Clause or new Schedule selected by the Chair or Speaker for separate decision; (d) the Question on any amendment moved or Motion made by a Minister of the Crown; (e) any other Question necessary for the disposal of the business to be concluded; and shall not put any other questions, other than the question on any motion described in paragraph (15)(a) of this Order.
(6) On a Motion so made for a new Clause or a new Schedule, the Chair or Speaker shall put only the Question that the Clause or Schedule be added to the Bill.
(7) If two or more Questions would fall to be put under paragraph (5)(d) on successive amendments moved or Motions made by a Minister of the Crown, the Chair or Speaker shall instead put a single Question in relation to those amendments or Motions.
(8) If two or more Questions would fall to be put under paragraph (5)(e) in relation to successive provisions of the Bill, the Chair shall instead put a single Question in relation to those provisions, except that the Question shall be put separately on any Clause of or Schedule to the Bill which a Minister of the Crown has signified an intention to leave out.
Consideration of Lords Amendments (9) (a) Any Lords Amendments to the Bill may be considered forthwith without any Question being put; and any proceedings interrupted for that purpose shall be suspended accordingly.
(b) Proceedings on consideration of Lords Amendments shall be brought to a conclusion (so far as not previously concluded) one hour after their commencement; and any proceedings suspended under sub-paragraph (a) shall thereupon be resumed.
(10) Paragraphs (2) to (7) of  Standing Order No. 83F (Programme orders: conclusion of proceedings on consideration of Lords amendments)  apply for the purposes of bringing any proceedings to a conclusion in accordance with paragraph (9) of this Order.
Subsequent stages (11) (a) Any further Message from the Lords on the Bill may be considered forthwith without any Question being put; and any proceedings interrupted for that purpose shall be suspended accordingly.
(b) Proceedings on any further Message from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion one hour after their commencement; and any proceedings suspended under sub-paragraph (a) shall thereupon be resumed.
(12) Paragraphs (2) to (5) of  Standing Order No. 83G (Programme orders: conclusion of proceedings on further messages from the Lords)  apply for the purposes of bringing any proceedings to a conclusion in accordance with paragraph (11) of this Order.
Reasons Committee (13) Paragraphs (2) to (6) of  Standing Order No. 83H (Programme orders: reasons committee)  apply in relation to any committee to be appointed to draw up reasons after proceedings have been brought to a conclusion in accordance with this Order.
Miscellaneous (14)
Standing Order No. 82 (Business Committee)  shall not apply in relation to any proceedings to which this Order applies.
(15) (a)
No Motion shall be made, except by a Minister of the Crown, to alter the order in which any proceedings on the Bill are taken, to recommit the Bill or to vary or supplement the provisions of this Order.
(b) No notice shall be required of such a Motion.
(c) Such a Motion may be considered forthwith without any Question being put; and any proceedings interrupted for that purpose shall be suspended accordingly.
(d) The Question on such a Motion shall be put forthwith; and any proceedings suspended under sub-paragraph (c) shall thereupon be resumed.
(e)  Standing Order No. 15(1) (Exempted business)  shall apply to proceedings on such a Motion.
(16) (a) No dilatory Motion shall be made in relation to proceedings to which this Order applies except by a Minister of the Crown.
(b) The Question on any such Motion shall be put forthwith.
(17) The start of any debate under  Standing Order No. 24 (Emergency debates)  to be held on a day on which the Bill has been set down to be taken as an Order of the Day shall be postponed until the conclusion of any proceedings on that day to which this Order applies.
(18) Proceedings to which this Order applies shall not be interrupted under any Standing Order relating to the sittings of the House.
(19)
At today’s sitting the Speaker shall not adjourn the House until: (a) any message from the Lords on the Bill has been received and any Committee to draw up Reasons which has been appointed at that sitting has reported; (b) the Speaker has notified the Royal Assent to any Act agreed upon by both Houses.
(20)
At the conclusion of proceedings the Speaker shall adjourn the House without putting any Question.
I do not intend to detain the House for long, as we have an important debate to follow, but may I put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, for agreeing to recall Parliament today?
As ever, you have been incredibly accommodating and understanding.
You recognise the scale and urgency of what we need to do today, and I know that these are very important matters to you personally, and to the House as a whole.
May I also thank the House staff, who have responded quickly and professionally to facilitate this extraordinary meeting of the House, and all those colleagues who are here at such short notice?
We meet in these special circumstances because the Government need to act decisively, at pace and with urgency to ensure that the steelworks blast furnaces of British Steel are maintained and kept going, saving thousands of jobs and securing our domestic production of virgin steel.
The Secretary of State for Business and  Trade will shortly set out the powers that he needs to do this, through the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Bill, published online this morning.
If the House agrees to this business of the House motion, the arrangements today provide for Second Reading, Committee, Report and Third Reading to be considered by the House until 2 pm.
The House will then wait to consider any message from the Lords today, before adjourning again until  Tuesday 22 April .
I also send our thanks to Members and staff in the House of Lords for returning today.
Members may be aware that the Lords sit from 12 pm for a “take note” debate on the Government’s proposals, before being expected to consider all stages of the Bill today.
I hope all Members can work together constructively today on the passage of the Bill, and I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for facilitating this important request.
I hope all Members will agree to this motion, and I commend it to the House.