I associate this side of the House with the remarks that the right hon.
Lady has made about staff coming in today.
We are incredibly grateful to them.
I am sure we are going to hear a lot today about urgency, moving at pace and the rest of it, but the truth is that the Government have made a total pig’s breakfast of this whole arrangement.
The fact is that anyone who has been paying any attention to this story over the past few months has known that this was coming down the track.
The House was sitting—[Interruption.]
Order.
We have come back on a Saturday; that does not mean it is “Crackerjack” day.
We are going to listen.
The House was sitting on Monday and on Tuesday, and on those days my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  raised these issues.
The fact is that the Government make bad deals for Britain when negotiating, and, as ever, they are making a bad deal.
It is a huge discourtesy to the House that we saw this Bill only 90 minutes before the start of the sitting.
Far-reaching powers are being given to the Government—powers not seen in legislation, really, in the past 40 years.
I very much hope that the Government will apologise for the way that they have done things, for having taken their eye off the ball yet again, and for having negotiated badly for the British people.
Question put and agreed to.
Second Reading I remind Members that, under the Order of the House of today, notice of amendments and new clauses to be moved in Committee of the whole House may be—[Interruption.]
This is very serious.
They may be accepted in person by the Clerks at the Table in the Chamber before the Bill has been read a Second time.
The deadline for amendments tabled in this way is 12 noon.
Any amendments tabled to the Bill will be treated as manuscript amendments, meaning that only those tabled before 12 noon and selected by the Chairman for debate at Committee stage will be distributed and published.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
We meet in exceptional circumstances to take exceptional action in what are exceptional times.
Our request to recall Parliament was not one we made lightly.
I am genuinely grateful to hon.
Members in all parts of the House for their co-operation, and for being here today as we seek to pass emergency legislation that is unequivocally in our national interest.
I thank in particular the staff in Parliament for facilitating today’s sitting, and the Prime Minister, the Chancellor and the Home Secretary for their support.
Indeed, we can take this action today only because of the restoration of economic stability and the dedicated resources for steel in the last Budget.
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) ,  the hon.
Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  and all my hon.
Friends from Teesside for their advocacy and engagement on this matter, throughout, on behalf of their constituents.
As hon, Members will know, since taking office, the Government have been negotiating in good faith with British Steel’s owner, Jingye.
We have worked tirelessly to find a way forward, making a generous offer of support to British Steel that included sensible, common-sense conditions to protect the workforce, protect taxpayers’ money, and create a commercially viable company for the future.
Despite our offer to Jingye being substantial, it wanted much more—an excessive amount, frankly.
However, we remained committed to negotiation, but over the past few days, it has become clear that the intention of Jingye was to refuse to purchase sufficient raw materials to keep the blast furnaces running.
In fact, its intention was to cancel and refuse to pay for existing orders.
The company would therefore have irrevocably and unilaterally closed down primary steelmaking at British Steel.
I want to make it absolutely clear that, separately from any conversation about a possible deal to co-invest in new infrastructure, the British Government offered to purchase the raw materials in a way that would have ensured no losses whatsoever for Jingye in maintaining the blast furnaces for a period of time.
A counter-offer was instead made by Jingye: that we transfer hundreds of millions of pounds to it, without any conditions to prevent that money, and potentially other assets, being  immediately transferred to China.
Jingye also refused the condition of keeping the blast furnaces maintained and in good working order.
Even if I had agreed to those terms, I could not guarantee that further requests for money would not then be made.
In that situation, with the clock being run down, doing nothing was not an option.
We could not, will not and never will stand idly by while the heat seeps from the UK’s remaining blast furnaces, without any planning, due process or respect for the consequences.
That is why I needed colleagues here today.
From what the Secretary of State has described, it is beginning to sound as though Jingye is trying to manoeuvre the Government into a recompensed nationalisation.
Will he make it plain that if it tries to manoeuvre us into nationalisation, we will pay not more than a penny for the business?
To be clear, where there is a transfer of ownership to the state, we would always pay the fair market value for the assets.
In this case, the market value is effectively zero, so I take the right hon.
Gentleman’s point entirely.
I would say that the intention of Jingye has not been to engineer that situation; its intention has been to keep the downstream mills, which colleagues will know are fundamental to our construction and steel industries, and supply them from China, rather than from Scunthorpe; that is the situation.
Is it now the view of the Government that primary steel production in the United Kingdom is an overriding national security issue?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know—we have had this exchange at the Dispatch Box before—I believe that the capacity for primary steel production is important.
The steel strategy looks at new ways of ensuring that, and at not just protecting the past, but at what the future may bring.
Direct reduced iron technology is of significant potential interest to us for the future.
However, this situation—involving the last remaining blast furnaces, and the proposition put to us—is exceptional and unique, and I need all colleagues to recognise that.
The legislation ahead of us today is therefore a proportionate and necessary step.
It allows us to take control of British Steel’s blast furnaces, maintaining steel production and, by extension, protecting the company’s 3,500-strong workforce.
The Bill does not transfer ownership to the Government.
We will have to deal with that matter at a later date.
I took the decision that given the exceptional nature of a recall, it would be better to limit the powers in the Bill, which are still significant, rather than introduce more complex matters of property rights and public ownership at this time.