The Secretary of State is taking extremely extensive powers for the Government, and they apply to what he describes in the Bill as “specified assets”.
As far as I can see, they are not limited to blast furnaces or assets required for making virgin steel.
Does he accept that he is leaving two hands on the tiller, when it comes to the  operation of all the steelmaking companies to which the Bill may apply?
In other words, he is saying that the Government can direct a company in relation to specified assets, but that company can do other things of its own initiative.
Does he recognise that he is creating considerable legal complexity in the operation of those companies going forward?
Why is that the right approach?
I am extremely grateful to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his thoughtful question.
The fundamental purpose of the Bill is to allow me, as Secretary of State, and this Government to take control of this situation.
The reason why this is the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Bill, and not a Bill specific to British Steel, is, as he will know, that the latter would be a hybrid Bill, and introducing that would be a far more complex procedure.
With the clock being run down, that was not an available option.
The Bill broadly replicates the situation that would apply if the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 had been triggered, but rather than seeking to meet the threshold to trigger that Act, I am seeking parliamentary permission—the consent of this House and the other place—to take control, which I think is a better way forward.
I want to make it clear to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman and to the House that I want this to be a temporary position—I do not want these powers a minute longer than is necessary—but I need the powers to rectify and save the situation.
Given that the Secretary of State has inferred that the owner, Jingye, is not and has not acted in good faith, surely the right thing to do is to seize this great opportunity now, this weekend, and nationalise British Steel?
A transfer of ownership to the state remains on the table.
It may well, at this stage, given the behaviour of the company, be the likely option.
However, our aspirations for British Steel remain a co-investment agreement with a private sector partner to secure a long-term transformation.
The action I seek to take today is not a magic wand or a panacea.
The state cannot fund the long-term transformation of British Steel, nor would it want to, but a failure to act today would prevent any more desirable outcome from even being considered, and that, again, is why we must act today.
I applaud my right hon.
Friend for his decisive action in this matter.
I have only had a chance to read the Bill for 10 minutes—[Interruption.]
That is not a criticism; it is the natural procedure of this House.
The Bill could not be laid until First Reading.
The Bill talks about compensation.
He has made the point that he is not planning to take over and run British Steel, which is not the desirable option, but has he done some sort of impact assessment on the potential range of costs to the taxpayer in these circumstances?
I think my hon.
Friend refers to clause 7, which deals with compensation.
Again, let me be clear: this is a clause that we would put in any Bill.
We are not Russia, and we do not sequester assets.
The  language in the clause—the legal definition—is something that we would use in most standard procedures.
Going back to the question from  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis) , the effective market value of Jingye is zero, so there is no inconsistency between those two points.
What is happening today is something that mining communities like Swadlincote, in my constituency of South Derbyshire, will be feeling deeply in their souls.
It is something that they could have only dreamed of back in the 1980s, when they wanted a Government who had their backs and prioritised the national interest.
Instead, they had a Conservative Government who sold them down the river.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is a pivotal moment in our history, because we have a Labour Government prioritising our people and the national interest?
This is a significant moment.
How a country handles economic transitions is not about nostalgia for the past—we have to embrace the future—but how we help our people, our industry and our nation get to that point is key.
My hon.
Friend and I come from similar places, and we have not managed these transitions particularly well in the past.
We are meeting this weekend to discuss the potential loss of thousands of jobs, which is what was on the line.
The fact that we do not accept that, and that we will do things differently, is a welcome change.
We will scrutinise this Bill today, but we want to do so in a constructive fashion.
Given the huge damage that President Trump’s tariffs have done to the British steel industry, accelerating this crisis, does the Secretary of State agree that any Member of this House who actively campaigned for President Trump’s election and cheered him on has behaved shamefully unpatriotically and should apologise to British steelworkers?
I am extremely grateful to the right hon.
Member and his party for their presence today.
He will not draw me on the other principal issue that we have been dealing with at the Department for Business and Trade over the last few days, but to be clear, the issues around British Steel are about more than the imposition of tariffs.
The tariffs are not welcome, and I do not think there is justification for them to be put in place.
I believe that it is in our interests, but also in the US’s interests, to agree a position that removes those tariffs in the interests of steelworkers.
I fully understand the nature of what the right hon.
Gentleman is bringing forward.
I also understand some of the requirements for speed in this case, and we can argue about whether this should have been done before.
Having quickly looked through the Bill, I do not see a sunset clause.
I ask about that not because I want the Government to set a particular date, but because such a clause would bring them back here to debate whether the process should be extended.
It would therefore put a reasonable limit on Government activity without debate.
Can he explain why there is no sunset clause in the Bill?
I absolutely understand and welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
I do not want these powers for a minute more than is necessary.
I cannot say at the minute, having drafted the Bill, the timeframe for which they will be required, but I will endeavour—and I commit at the Dispatch Box—to keep the House updated.
Perhaps I will ask the Business and Trade Committee for its involvement, in order to make it clear how long we believe it will be.
To be absolutely specific, where we make an order in relation to control of a steel undertaking, we can revoke the regulations once that control has been established and is no longer required.
rose— I know there is huge interest, but I will make a little more progress and that might deal with some of the matters Members want to raise.
This is what it means to be a Government unashamedly on the side of working people—one that will never hesitate to take action to protect this nation’s assets and economic security.
I understand that some have asked about precedent or referred to other troubled industrial situations.
To be clear again, this is an exceptional and unique situation.
The question for all Members is whether we as a country want to continue to possess a steel industry.
Do we want to make the construction steel and rail we need here in the UK, or do we want to be dependent on overseas imports?
As a Government, we are not passive in any way about the future of British industry.