To fail to prepare is to prepare to fail.
What a way to proceed: recalling Parliament for only the sixth occasion since the end of the second world war to debate a Bill published only 90 minutes ago.
This would be conduct unbecoming of a parish council.
Our country, our economy and this Parliament all deserve better.
That is why the amendment in my name would at least put a sunset on the Bill, and I hope the Government will accept it.
Today is not a failure by the steelworkers of Scunthorpe and elsewhere, their families or the community.
They have toiled for generations to ensure that we have the primary steel we need for our structures, our safety and our security.
This is a failure on the Government’s watch.
Let us be crystal clear what today means: we are entering a tunnel with only one exit.
This is a botched nationalisation plan, revealing that the Government have no plan.
In government, we acted to secure Port Talbot and we were negotiating a plan, including British Steel’s preferred option of an electric arc furnace on Teesside, which would have limited job losses and kept Scunthorpe running in transition.
Once again, when Labour negotiates, Britain loses—the Chagos islands, US tariffs, the train drivers and now this latest crisis.
A bad toolmaker blames his tools, but this time the Government have only themselves to blame.
Does the hon.
Gentleman not accept that, in the years between 2010 and 2023, steel production in this country fell by 50% —40% to 50%—and does that not underline the lack of strategy under the previous Government?
I will talk about the difficulties facing steel around the world, but let us just be clear what is happening today: the British people must not have lost their winter fuel allowance and their disability benefits in order that China can walk away from its liabilities, leaving British taxpayers to pick up the bills.
Steel needs energy, and energy needs steel.
No one denies that steelmaking has been difficult for some time, but Scunthorpe is the victim of a dishonesty that pretends it is better for the environment to ship coke halfway around the planet than from down the road, and of an energy policy that has driven costs higher than in any competing nation.
No one is more responsible for this than the Energy Secretary and the Prime Minister who appointed him.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
[Interruption.]
Order.
I remind Members that those who keep intervening will go down the list, so that everybody gets a fair chance.
I assume that applies after the warning, Mr Speaker.
We have a Government who, I believe, are shipping coking coal just off the Lincolnshire coast today from Japan, when it was perfectly possible to have the world’s greenest production of coking coal in Cumbria, with thousands of jobs.
Is it not a disgrace that this Government turned their back on jobs in Cumbria and, indeed, in the North sea because they put ideology ahead of practicality and even ahead of the environment?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is sad to say that Scunthorpe is the victim of exactly that policy: putting ideology before British interests.
rose— I will make some progress.
Millions of other businesses are also struggling with their energy bills, which is why the Chancellor’s tax choices have been so devastating.
Steel may be the first domino to topple, but glass, chemicals, cars and concrete are other industries at risk.
Does the Prime Minister   envisage a whole series of Saturday sittings, or will he change course today and cut energy costs now, and not in 10 years’ time when it is too late?
We are hearing about the previous Government’s efforts to save British Steel, and we have heard a somewhat confusing account of the deal that the now Leader of the Opposition negotiated.
If such a deal existed, can we see a record of it?
My right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition has made it extremely clear that the deal was being negotiated, and the point about it being negotiated is that it would have been concluded after the election.
rose— I will make some progress.
It did not need to be this way.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  has been warning of a growing threat since last September.
The Mayor of Tees Valley has been asking the Government to present their plan for steel for months.
Rob Waltham, the leader of North Lincolnshire council, has done all he can to support steelmaking in Scunthorpe.
And, on  4 April , Ed Conway of Sky News showed the world that we were just days away from the risk of the furnaces shutting down.
But the Government did not listen and they did not act.
It has been almost 10 days since Parliament last debated substantive Government business.
Rather than this rushed, one minute to midnight
Bill, we could have used that time for proper debate, proper process and proper scrutiny.
This is indefensible incompetence.
Despite years to prepare, it is clear that the Government came into office with no plan.
There is no steel strategy, there is no industrial strategy, there is no export strategy, and now we have this botched nationalisation.