The Secretary of State says that his preference is to find a commercial partner, but let us be serious.
Do the Government think that is likely, after attacking business with a £25 billion jobs tax and his Bill to create the most hostile environment for employers since the 1970s?
On the Chancellor’s watch, in case she has not noticed, all the flow is of investors leaving this country.
I am still a little confused about the deal negotiated by the last Government.
As the Leader of the Opposition did not answer, could the hon.
Gentleman please clarify the situation for the House?
I am not surprised that the hon.
Lady is a little confused; as I said, the Government have failed to lay out their plan and to afford this House the opportunity to debate it.
Everything that we have heard this morning says that the Government have not really thought this through.
Steelmaking is complex, intense and highly operational.
Iron ore has to reach thousands of degrees to become molten iron.
It is a dangerous process that poses a serious risk to health.
In Birmingham, Labour struggle to collect the bins— rose— Sit down.
From midnight, the Chancellor will be standing behind the payroll, settling every bill with every supplier, even if they are in arrears.
If these decisions no longer sit with the plant owner, where does the buck stop?
Old Admiralty Building?
The Treasury?
No. 10?
How can other steel providers have any confidence in the impartiality of the Government’s steel strategy if the umpire is now on the pitch?
What assessment have the Government made of the impact of the Bill on public finances?
There is no impact assessment.
The Government have been talking to British Steel for nine months.
They have put at least £500 million of taxpayers’ money on the table.
Surely by now, the Business Secretary and his officials have a comprehensive understanding of the cost of the actions that he is asking us to vote for.
What disrespect it shows to this House for the Government to come along today, having recalled Parliament, after nine months of failing to land a deal, and ask us for a blank cheque.
That is no way to run a corner shop, let alone the country.
Has anyone in Government asked the Office for National Statistics— rose— If they sit down, they might learn something.
You will sit down, actually.
It is the hon.
Gentleman’s choice whether he gives way, so Members should stop hanging around.
I will take an intervention if someone wants to answer this question: has anyone in Government asked the ONS whether, as a result of the powers that are being taken in this Bill, from today British Steel will be classified as publicly owned, whether it has been formally nationalised or not?
No answers.
rose— That is a bit slow.
[Interruption.]
Go on then.
That is a relevant question, given that the hon.
Gentleman was Boris Johnson’s business adviser when the Jingye deal was being negotiated.
What advice did he give Boris Johnson about whether to accept that deal?
Disappointingly, there was no answer to my important question about the ONS and whether this asset will sit on the Government’s balance sheet.
Perhaps when the Minister winds up, he will provide an answer to that important question that affects the nation’s finances.
The markets know, the world knows and we know that the Chancellor’s headroom was inadequate from the very moment that she sat down after her last emergency Budget.
Only this week, the Bank of England took the unprecedented step of cancelling the planned sale of Government bonds.
Today’s botched nationalisation will further unsettle international markets.
When will the Chancellor be presenting her next emergency Budget, and what are her plans to update the markets?
There we are: a disrespect of this House; the Government treating Parliament with disdain; nine months of dither and delay; and a botched nationalisation of steelmaking, with the British taxpayer on the hook.
It is crystal clear that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
This is not a serious Government.
It is a Government shaped by events, not in control of them.
It is government by sulky teenager—not sharing their plans, not answering the question, and when it goes wrong, it is everyone’s fault but theirs.