Title: CELEBRATING DOROTHY AMERSON-LAW'S RETIREMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
119

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DOROTHY AMERSON-LAW'S RETIREMENT

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Dorothy Amerson-

Law, who is entering a well-deserved retirement after fifty years with

M&T Bank.
With her dedication to service and passion for altruism, Ms.

Amerson-Law is a true pillar of our community.
A born and raised Buffalonian, Ms. Amerson-Law attended Kensington

High School, where she was a star athlete and discovered her passion

for banking.
She then secured a prestigious internship with M&T Bank.
Her excellence in relationship management and risk remediation earned

her a permanent position within M&T Bank's retail branches.
For five decades, Ms. Amerson-Law served as an Accounting Associate

within M&T Bank's Finance Division.
She worked in numerous departments

throughout her tenure, including Retail Banking, Auto Lending,

Installment Loans, Credit Card Processing, and Financial Controls.
In

recognition of her exceptional client service, Ms. Amerson-Law received

multiple ``High Five'' awards.
Beyond her professional work, Ms. Amerson-Law is deeply committed to

giving back to her community.
She serves as the National Vice President

of the African American Resource Group and organized M&T Bank's Annual

Juneteenth Festival.
Further, Ms. Amerson-Law dedicates her time as a

volunteer to numerous organizations, including Erie County's ``Day of

Caring,'' the Salvation Army, Edward Saunders Community Center,

Delavan-Grider Community Center, and United Way of Buffalo.
Ms.

Amerson-Law's compassion and community spirit shone through in the

aftermath of the May 14 shooting, as she played a crucial role in

distributing food and resources to all those affected.
Ms. Amerson-Law has earned numerous accolades in recognition of her

outstanding contributions to our community.
In February 2024, she

received the inaugural Dorothy Amerson-Law Legacy Award.
This award,

named in Ms. Amerson-Law's honor, was a testament to her embodiment of

M&T's core values of Candor, Ownership, Curiosity, Integrity, and

Collaboration.
Additionally, Ms. Amerson-Law received the esteemed

Black Achievers Award for commitment to overcoming barriers and

embracing inclusivity.
Ms. Amerson-Law is a loving wife of forty years

to her husband, James, and a proud mother to her two sons, James and

Jalen.
She credits much of her success to the steadfast support of her

family.
Today, Ms. Amerson-Law enters a well-deserved retirement after fifty

years of dedicated service.
Please join me in congratulating Dorothy

Amerson-Law on this incredible achievement and thanking her for all she

has done for our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GILBERT GARCIA ON HIS EXCEPTIONAL CAREER IN JOURNALISM

HON.
TONY GONZALES

Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Gilbert Garcia, a distinguished journalist with more than 30 years of

dedicated service to the San Antonio community and beyond.
A native of Brownsville and a Harvard University graduate, Mr. Garcia

has made significant contributions to journalism, earning numerous

awards for his insightful reporting on politics, sports, religion,

music, and much more.
He authored ``Reagan's Comeback: Four Weeks in

Texas That Changed American Politics Forever,'' and his work has been

featured in the national anthology ``Da Capo Best Music Writing 2001.''
Throughout his illustrious career, Mr. Garcia has written for

esteemed publications such as the Dallas Observer, Phoenix New Times,

San Antonio Express-News, and Plaza de Armas--earning six Press Club

Awards.
Most recently, as an Editorial Writer and Columnist for the San

Antonio Express-News, Mr. Garcia has provided readers with in-depth

analysis and commentary on local politics, economics, and social

issues, greatly enriching the community's understanding of important

local, state, and federal matters.
Mr. Garcia's exceptional contributions to journalism have profoundly

shaped Texas and our Nation for the better.
We thank him and wish him

all the best in his well-deserved transition.
Undoubtedly, his legacy

will continue to inspire future generations of journalists, and we are

immensely proud of him as he begins to write the next chapter of his

life.