Mr. Garcia's exceptional contributions to journalism have profoundly

shaped Texas and our Nation for the better.
We thank him and wish him

all the best in his well-deserved transition.
Undoubtedly, his legacy

will continue to inspire future generations of journalists, and we are

immensely proud of him as he begins to write the next chapter of his

life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF JOHN HEMMINGS, III

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of John

Hemmings, III, who is retiring as Executive Director of the Ohio Valley

Regional Development Commission, what we in Southern Ohio know as the

OVRDC, after committing 33 years of life and work to the Commission.
Starting as a Regional Planner in 1991, John has held almost every

position within the Commission, serving as Executive Director since

2008.
During his time at the OVRDC, John lent his skills and talents to

countless programs that helped revolutionize the Ohio River Valley,

including a regional commission that coordinates a cross-governmental

approach to improve the local community through infrastructure and

economic development.
As a Scioto County native, John's commitment to the region has led to

critical improvements in the lives of so many Ohioans.
Working with him

to advance the dreams and lives of so many has truly been an honor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JAMES R. BAIRD

Mr. BAIRD.
Mr. Speaker, due to technical difficulties, I was unable

to cast my vote on July 22, 2024.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
358.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING THE SIGMA PI PHI FRATERNITY, GAMMA EPSILON

BOULE ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
AMI BERA

Mr. BERA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity, Gamma Epsilon Boule on the occasion of its

40th anniversary, acknowledging its significant contributions to the

Sacramento community and its dedication to the principles of

leadership, service, and scholarship.
Whereas, Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity, also known as the Boule, was

founded on May 15, 1904, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by a group of

professionals as the first African American Greek-lettered

organization, dedicated to fostering a spirit of brotherhood,

professional excellence, and community service; and

Whereas, the Gamma Epsilon Boule of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity was

established 40 years ago in the Sacramento region, when its first Sire

Archon John Wesley Hudson MD wrote a letter on July 27, 1984 stating

that Gamma Epsilon Boule had completed its chartering ceremony with a

list of members including fourteen distinguished professionals in the

Sacramento metropolitan area of which two are still living today

including Archon Dr. Eugene Spencer and Archon Judge Gary E. Ransom;

and

Whereas, the members of the Gamma Epsilon Boule continues to include

an impressive list of local and national leaders representing a variety

of professions, including the following: medicine, dentistry, health

care, law, politics, architecture, engineering, real estate

development, education, the entertainment industry and business; and

Whereas, the members of the Gamma Epsilon Boule have contributed to

the Sacramento community through its dedication to leadership, academic

excellence, and civic engagement, and demonstrated exceptional

commitment to mentoring youth, supporting educational initiatives, and

fostering economic development, thereby enhancing the quality of life

in Sacramento; and

Whereas, this 40th anniversary provides an opportunity to honor the

Boule's remarkable achievements and the positive impact it has had on

the Sacramento community fostering a more inclusive and equitable

society.
Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, That the United States Congress extends its congratulations

to the Gamma Epsilon Boule, celebrating its legacy of excellence and

wishing its members continued success in their future endeavors.