Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the

Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity, Gamma Epsilon Boule on the occasion of its

40th anniversary, acknowledging its significant contributions to the

Sacramento community and its dedication to the principles of

leadership, service, and scholarship.
Whereas, Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity, also known as the Boule, was

founded on May 15, 1904, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by a group of

professionals as the first African American Greek-lettered

organization, dedicated to fostering a spirit of brotherhood,

professional excellence, and community service; and

Whereas, the Gamma Epsilon Boule of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity was

established 40 years ago in the Sacramento region, when its first Sire

Archon John Wesley Hudson MD wrote a letter on July 27, 1984 stating

that Gamma Epsilon Boule had completed its chartering ceremony with a

list of members including fourteen distinguished professionals in the

Sacramento metropolitan area of which two are still living today

including Archon Dr. Eugene Spencer and Archon Judge Gary E. Ransom;

and

Whereas, the members of the Gamma Epsilon Boule continues to include

an impressive list of local and national leaders representing a variety

of professions, including the following: medicine, dentistry, health

care, law, politics, architecture, engineering, real estate

development, education, the entertainment industry and business; and

Whereas, the members of the Gamma Epsilon Boule have contributed to

the Sacramento community through its dedication to leadership, academic

excellence, and civic engagement, and demonstrated exceptional

commitment to mentoring youth, supporting educational initiatives, and

fostering economic development, thereby enhancing the quality of life

in Sacramento; and

Whereas, this 40th anniversary provides an opportunity to honor the

Boule's remarkable achievements and the positive impact it has had on

the Sacramento community fostering a more inclusive and equitable

society.
Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, That the United States Congress extends its congratulations

to the Gamma Epsilon Boule, celebrating its legacy of excellence and

wishing its members continued success in their future endeavors.
I ask that my colleagues join me in commending Gamma Epsilon Boule's

40th anniversary and wish them the best on their continued work and

dedication towards improving the Sacramento region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AN OUTSTANDING EDUCATOR AND THE HISTORICAL CAREER OF

VERANIECE WILLIAMS

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable and resilient individual, Veraniece ``Nanny Vera'' Williams,

for recently completing 50 years as an educator in Congressional

District in Louisiana.
Ms. Williams graduated from Southern High School (Baton Rouge,

Louisiana) in 1967.
She attended Southern University and Agriculture &

Mechanical College, graduating with a degree in Business Education in

1971.
She also earned an English Minor from Nicholls State University--

1973--Thibodaux, LA.
She later earned a Master in English Ed.,
Administration and Supervision from Southern University--in 1981;

Nicholls State University--1982 Plus 30 Guidance Counseling-Thibodaux,

LA; National Beauty School--1983 Cosmetology-New Orleans, LA, and was

an Insurance Agent.
Ms. Williams's first teaching job was at Montague Elementary School,

where she taught English and Social Studies to 4th-grade students.
She

later moved to Henry Louis Bourgeois High School (HLB), where she

taught Business and English.
At HLB, Ms. Williams sponsored the Key

Club of America, educating young students on the importance of school

and social organizations.
After 22 years at HLB, Ms. Veraniece moved to John McDonogh High in

New Orleans, teaching Business and Marketing Education with an emphasis

on Entrepreneurship Studies.
In collaboration with Tulane University,

Ms. Williams taught entrepreneurship to high school students in a real-

life setting.
During this time, Ms. Veraniece Williams went on to be

recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneur Teacher of the Year at Tulane

University.
Her dedication to educating young students included consistently

managing and seeking the challenge of teaching and inspiring lower-

track high school students to succeed in strengthening business skills

and writing abilities, including building life skills and motivating

students to consider job career goals and higher education.