In collaboration with Tulane University,

Ms. Williams taught entrepreneurship to high school students in a real-

life setting.
During this time, Ms. Veraniece Williams went on to be

recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneur Teacher of the Year at Tulane

University.
Her dedication to educating young students included consistently

managing and seeking the challenge of teaching and inspiring lower-

track high school students to succeed in strengthening business skills

and writing abilities, including building life skills and motivating

students to consider job career goals and higher education.
She

effectively used town meetings, group learning, role switching, college

mentoring programs, field trips, and classroom business operations to

motivate students to learn.
She also developed student-run businesses

inside the classroom.
She worked to build interview skills in

preparation for work experience, providing job shadowing programs for

students, and supervised several clubs in which students participated

to introduce reading strategies in teaching literature.
Her experience included CEO/Owner of Vocational/Career School;

developing a marketing/entrepreneurship program for high school

students; assessment teacher/mentor teacher for the State of Louisiana;

Outstanding Entrepreneurship Teacher for Academies of Entrepreneurship

Teacher (High School); High School Programs Teacher (Tulane University)

Developed Curriculum program for Failing High Schools (Chair); State

Team: Improving Best Practices for teachers at High School Level;

sponsor of (Key Club, Marketing Club, Future Business Leaders of

America and Yearbook); and Teacher of the High School Yearbook Program.
She is the founder of PI 3.14 Inc. (Through which ``The Turn-Around

Kids Club was created'') and CEO of Act Too Travel Inc., Serving as the

CEO of a Cosmetology School and Mortgage Loan Originator (State of

Louisiana), as well as a Supervisor Federal Credit Union and CEO/La Rue

Esplanade Bed & Breakfast--New Orleans, LA Over All Business, and Co-

Chair ``The Celebration of Women.''
Her professional associations include the National Education

Association and the National Collation of Black Women membership.
I am so honored to have witnessed her courageous efforts during my

career over the years.
So many people's lives are forever changed

because of the fight she endured during her lifetime.
I thank Ms.

Williams for all that she has done in her 50-year career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL ZOOKEEPER WEEK

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Zookeeper

Week, which is celebrated from July 21st to July 27th, as we honor the

dedicated men and women who care for our Nation's diverse and

magnificent wildlife while educating the public.
As a proud representative of Northwest Ohio, home to the renowned

Toledo Zoo, I have seen firsthand the passion and commitment zookeepers

bring to their vital work.
These unsung heroes play a crucial role in

wildlife conservation, education, and the preservation of endangered

species.
Zookeepers work tirelessly behind the scenes, ensuring that

animals receive the highest standard of care, from nutrition and

enrichment to veterinary support.
Their efforts not only enhance the

well-being of the animals but also foster a greater understanding and

appreciation of wildlife among the public.
No one exemplifies this more

than Laurie Dixon, Lead Zookeeper in the Aquarium at the Toledo Zoo who

has dedicated her life to this work for the past 41 years.
She shared

with me that ``Zookeepers are passionate about their animals.
So, we

provide the best care that our animals need to thrive.''
I have loved my Toledo Zoo since I was a little kid.
The Toledo Zoo

is a great place to make memories with family and friends.''
Their work

is essential to preserving biodiversity and educating future

generations about the importance of protecting our planet's natural

treasures.
Let us take this week to acknowledge and celebrate the

extraordinary contributions of zookeepers across our country.
They

truly are the guardians of our wildlife and stewards of our natural

heritage.