Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Bobby Beagles diligently served the agriculture community throughout his career.
Agricultural issues were always better served with Bobby as an advocate at the county, state, and national levels.
As a cattle rancher, Bobby early on recognized that ``what was good for all agriculture was good for his farm.''
in effect, he embraced the idea that ``all boats rise with the tide.''
As such, he embarked on a path of agricultural advocacy.
Whether it be at a local community meeting or hundreds of county board meetings, Bobby was a voice to be reckoned with.
He was unrelenting and tireless in representing agriculture.
His legislative advocacy at all levels of government was neverending.
It was no surprise when Bobby was asked to be then-Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives Tom Feeney's agricultural liaison.
He carried that privilege and honor to Washington, D.C., when Speaker Feeney became Congressman Feeney.
Bobby's heart was always about the youth--from the earliest days of buying animals at the county fair to timelessly encouraging auto dealerships and any number of businesses to purchase the kids' market livestock project.
On a not-to-be-ignored side note, at the request of then-Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs, Bobby was asked to rewrite the livestock section of the zoning laws.
These laws today allow FFA and 4H to house some of their agriculture projects at home.
His work with the youth led to numerous awards from the local FFA chapters as well as the state and national associations.
He was honored to be awarded the Honorary Florida State FFA Degree and the American FFA Degree.
In addition to those accolades, he was inducted into the Florida 4-H Hall.
Bobby served as Orange County Farm Bureau executive director for 13 years.
Prior to that, he was a board member for 17 years.
His work in this capacity has made him ``
Mr. Agriculture'' in our area of the state.
In 2007, Bobby received the prestigious Jefferson Award.
This award is given to an individual who has devoted their life to exceptional public service in any arena.
He was nominated for this award by thenOrange County Mayor Rich Crotty and Orange County Extension.
This represented a body of work that included procuring $12 million for the construction of a new extension office in Orange County.
This refrain is consistent with Bobby Beagles' character.
In 2002, Bobby was awarded the Friend of Extension Award from Epsilon Sigma Phi State.
This award traditionally recognizes individuals who have been true Friends.
A year after receiving the Jefferson Award, Bobby received the Florida Farm Bureau's Distinguished Service Award.
The award honors Florida agriculturalists for their overall contributions to farming at the local or state level.
Bobby Beagles was married to Vickie Beagles and had a son, Thomas Beagles, a daughter, Rachel Kelly, and five grandchildren.