William Gosch was an exemplary soldier.
His unit was awarded a

presidential citation for their heroism in capturing the Okinawa

Prefecture, Japan.
During his time as a Marine, he participated in

action in Bougainville, Emirau Island, the St. Matthias Islands, Guam,

and Okinawa.
Following the Allied victory in World War II, William

Gosch worked as a general manager in the Richardson Boat Company before

spending time working in the costume jewelry business in Honolulu.
After returning to Buffalo and settling down, his opportunity to

dedicate more to the Buffalo community came in 2020 when he was

instated as the temporary replacement for the 2nd Ward Alderwoman.
Following this, William received the rare opportunity to collaborate

with YouTube documentarian Rishi Sharma, where he promoted awareness of

the remaining World War II veterans to an audience of over one million

people.
Today, I want to congratulate William on his 100th birthday and

express my deep gratitude to William Paul Gosch for his service to our

country and the Buffalo community.
As William said in 2020, ``Buffalo

is the greatest city in the world.''
it is a great city because of

dedicated individuals such as William Paul Gosch.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MICHAEL BUDNEY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize

Mike Budney, Manager of the Department of Energy's Savannah River Site,

on receiving a 2023 Presidential Rank Award (PRA).
The PRA is one of the highest awards bestowed upon career senior

executives by the President of the United States for making

extraordinary and lasting achievements for their respective agencies.
During his service at the Savannah River Site, Mike has overseen

completion of the tank waste treatment system with the startup of the

Salt Waste Processing Facility, spearheaded the Accelerated Basin De-

inventory project, saving taxpayers billions of dollars, and broken

ground on the Advanced Manufacturing Collaborative, a facility that

will bring government, industry, and academia together to develop and

share advanced manufacturing technologies.
Leading a workforce of over 12,000 government and contractor

personnel to successfully accomplish these critical tasks demonstrates

his commitment and service to this nation.
This is in addition to his

29 years of service in the U.S. Navy, including commanding officer of

the USS Emory S. Land and the USS Pennsylvania.
I am grateful to Mike for his service in helping to keep America

strong and safe.
Congratulations on receiving the Presidential Rank

Award, an inspiration for what we can achieve as public servants.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AUGUST ``AUGIE'' COSENTINO FOR HIS SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY AND

COMMUNITY

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to honor 94-year-

old Korean War

veteran August V. Cosentino for his community accomplishments and life-

long dedication to America's values.
In 1951, young August Cosentino enlisted in the United States Air

Force and was assigned to attend radio and radar school at Keesler Air

Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi, for one year of intensive training.
Following his training, he was assigned to a forward operations outpost

on the 38th parallel of the Korean peninsula, where he aided in

directing advanced bombing missions in North Korea.
After the Korean War, August Cosentino married the love of his life,

Martha, and together they raised three children: Cindy, Ralph, and

David, before Martha passed away on their 59th anniversary in 2012.
To

support his family through a growing America, August worked in the

sales business before forming his own company--August Cosentino

Enterprises, where they supplied the automotive industry with custom

made parts.
The Buffalo community played a large part in Mr. Cosentino's life.
August served as the president of Kenmore Rotary, where he tirelessly

exemplified their motto of ``Service Above Self.''
As a talented

musician, August can play the piano, accordion, and stand-up bass.