Gina was a healer through and through.
From saving

lives as a nurse to helping rebuild her community to taking care of her

family, she always worked to heal those around her.
In the words of

Gina's only Granddaughter Ralina, she left behind a legacy of family

and love, not in words but in her deeds.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF CASEY HATCHER

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service

of Butte County resident, Casey Corin Hatcher, who passed away in the

early morning of November 5, 2023, at the young age of 43.
She was

surrounded by her sister, mother, and two lifelong friends.
Casey was born on February 26, 1980, in Auburn, California to her

parents Michelle and Tom Hatcher.
When she arrived, she was welcomed by

her big sister Kelci Hatcher who became her lifelong treasure.
She was

inquisitive and had a head for planning, directing and problem-solving

early in her development.
She moved to Chico to attend college in 1999,

graduating, from California State University (CSU), Chico with a

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with an emphasis in

marketing.
Casey began her professional career with a management consulting firm

focused on assisting small businesses.
She assisted over 60 in total

during her tenure.
The hands-on work with these businesses provided her

with a solid foundation for continuing her work in economic

development.
In 2011, Casey joined Butte County Administration as a member of its

economic and community development unit, where she began her enduring

advocacy for the Butte County community that she served with dedication

for the remainder of her life.
Casey worked on a variety of community development projects early in

her career with the County including implementation of disaster

recovery assistance for homeowners affected by the 2008 wildfires in

Butte County.
Due to her stellar work, she was promoted to Economic

Development Manager in 2016.
She returned to CSU, Chico and received

her Master's Degree in Public Administration in 2017.
Casey served in the County's Emergency Operation Center during many

activations including the Oroville Dam Spillway Incident, the Wall,

Ponderosa, and La Porte/Cherokee fires in 2017, the Camp Fire, the 2020

North Complex Fire, and the 2021 Dixie Fire.
She worked countless hours

supporting the response and recovery to these tragedies in Butte

County.
She never wavered, faltered.
or tired of her dedication to

serving the people of Butte County.
Ultimately.
she was promoted to Deputy Chief Administrative Officer

and assigned to ``lead'' disaster recovery organizing County staff,

advocating with state and federal agencies, and helping rebuild the

community for which she cared so deeply.
Additionally, in October 2021, Casey was asked to testify before a

congressional committee on disaster recovery where she was provided a

national platform to advocate for disaster recovery.
The systems Casey

put into place are used today as a model by communities experiencing

catastrophic disasters, including most recently by the State of Hawaii

in their response to the Lahaina Wildfire in Maui.
Casey was a rock; she was a role model; she was a moral compass.
She

was encouraging, challenging, motivating, but supportive.
Her family,

friends, colleagues, and beloved community will cherish her for the

rest of the days of their lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO DESIGNATE THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AS AN

EMPOWERMENT ZONE

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today.
I introduce a bill that would

designate certain areas of the District of Columbia as empowerment

zones.
This bill would effectively reauthorize many of the unique

federal tax incentives for business investment in D.C. that expired in

2011.
D.C.'s downtown, which has been the economic engine of the city,

has been particularly hard hit by the increase in remote and hybrid

work since the COVID-19 pandemic.