Still an active

member of his current and former community, Michael is a member of St.

Aloysius-Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Royaltown, IL, the American

Legion Post 975 in Dowell, IL, and the Knights of Columbus Council Post

3965 in Southgate, MI.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

100th birthday of Michael Mitroka.
A veteran who served our country

with honor and bravery during our darkest hours eighty years ago, he

spent the last eight decades continuing that service within his local

community and uplifting those around him.
As we celebrate the milestone

of a centennial, Michael should know that he is appreciated and valued

by his family, friends, community, and nation.
We thank him for his

service, and wish him a 101st year filled with laughter, love, and many

blessings.
I thank Michael.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MEGHAN CROTTY QUINN

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to recognize

this year's

Catherine McAuley Distinguished Alumnae Honoree at Mount Mercy Academy,

Meghan Crotty Quinn.
For over a century, Mount Mercy Academy has been a

beacon of light and an indispensable institution within our community.
With a unique focus on academic excellence, women's leadership, and a

commitment to building a just society, it is only proper to commend the

alumni who have contributed to this much-deserved reputation.
A proud South Buffalo resident, Meghan and her husband Kevin Quinn

are the proud parents of Kiera (Mount Mercy Academy, Class of 2027),

son Rory and daughter Colleen.
Meghan is the daughter of Anita Durkin

Crotty (Mount Mercy Academy Class of 1963) and Patrick Crotty.
Meghan

is a business and community leader.
She graduated from John Carroll

University in 2007 and earned the title of Certified Public Accountant

shortly thereafter.
Meghan's rise in the banking industry has been

rapid; after a stint with M&T Bank, she now serves as a Senior Vice

President in the Commercial Banking division at HSBC Bank.
She has

twice been recognized by her peers as a top 100 performer in United

States commercial banking and is a recipient of the Irish Echo's 40

Under 40 Award in 2021.
Meanwhile, her professional success has been

coupled with a steadfast commitment of paying it forward.
Meghan is the

Treasurer of South Buffalo Roots, a rising community organization

responsible for organizing the very successful South Buffalo Porchfest,

Music in the Park series and South Buffalo Irish Festival.
This

dedicated group of volunteers in turn supports an array of neighborhood

organizations using a creative model of giving back to other charitable

organizations including, the South Buffalo Community Table, Buffalo

Irish Center, Buffalo Refuse, local sports and school organizations,

11-Day Powerplay, Kids Escaping Drugs, and Feed the Front Line.
Citizens like Meghan--those who are consumed with doing right by their

neighbors are what makes Buffalo so special.
Her commitment to

professional excellence and bettering the Western New York community

make for an incredible endorsement of Mount Mercy Academy and its

principles.
The award recipients and honorees tonight for Mount Mercy Academy's

22nd Annual Dinner have exceeded the already rigorous standard for the

members within this community.
Mount Mercy's values and commitment to

service are steeped in decades of tradition, and Meghan Crotty Quinn

continues to live these values in her career and relationships.