The Buffalo community played a large part in Mr. Cosentino's life.
August served as the president of Kenmore Rotary, where he tirelessly

exemplified their motto of ``Service Above Self.''
As a talented

musician, August can play the piano, accordion, and stand-up bass.
He

has played in several military bands since 1951 and is well known in

the Western New York music community.
Mr. Cosentino still plays stand-

up bass weekly in the choir at the Newman Center mass.
I am excited to thank the guest of honor, veteran August V.

Cosentino, for his service.
Mr. Cosentino served our country 70 years

ago and our grateful community since then, and I hope for many more

bright years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GEORGINA ``GINA'' CARDONA

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, Georgina Cardona, affectionately

known as Gina, was a woman of extraordinary kindness and caring, and

left this world at the young age of 95.
Her constant commitment to

community and family formed the pillars for who she was in life.
Gina

moved into our community in the winter of 1952 from The Island of

Puerto Rico with her husband Eliseo and only son Aureo.
The three lived

in a rooming house owned by the Rivera family, this is where she came

to love the South Bronx and all those who lived there with her,

including her beloved ``Bronx Bombers''.
After settling in, Gina continued her dedication to service of others

by graduating with honors from the Helena Fuld School of Nursing.
She

started her career at Hunts Point Hospital as a surgical nurse, then

worked at the Hospital for Joint Diseases until her retirement 40 years

later.
During her years in healthcare, she was instrumental in

groundbreaking medical procedures and became a highly respected leader

in the industry.
While tirelessly working to improve the health of her fellow

community members, she also fought for the Bronx we see today.
Her

political activism was integral in rebuilding the South Bronx.
Gina

always found the time and energy to campaign, mobilize, and organize

her fellow community members to make lasting, positive changes for the

South Bronx.
Her passion for service and change was instilled in her

family, especially her son and granddaughter who continue her legacy of

love and community.
She was as proud of her civic engagement as I am

inspired by it.
A beacon of strength, Gina was the Matriarch of her beloved family.
Like many in her generation, she sent much of her hard-earned money to

help her mother and sisters in Puerto Rico.
Ultimately, she helped to

settle them in the South Bronx.
Gina continued to bring her family

together by helping to move her aunt and younger cousins to Brooklyn.
Gina's commitment to her family is exemplified by these acts of

selflessness.
While the Bronx became Gina's new home she never forgot where she

came from.
She would go back to Puerto Rico annually to see her aunt,

uncle, and cousins.
She would celebrate Puerto Rican heritage month

with her brother and his family every year in Connecticut.
She also

made sure to teach her family in New York to appreciate and learn their

history and culture.
She did this through language, tradition, food.
music, and celebrations.
She embraced and loved her family with her

entire heart.
She will be sorely missed.
I want to recognize her truly amazing impact on our community and

anyone who knew her.
Gina was a healer through and through.
From saving

lives as a nurse to helping rebuild her community to taking care of her

family, she always worked to heal those around her.
In the words of

Gina's only Granddaughter Ralina, she left behind a legacy of family

and love, not in words but in her deeds.