I introduce a bill that would

designate certain areas of the District of Columbia as empowerment

zones.
This bill would effectively reauthorize many of the unique

federal tax incentives for business investment in D.C. that expired in

2011.
D.C.'s downtown, which has been the economic engine of the city,

has been particularly hard hit by the increase in remote and hybrid

work since the COVID-19 pandemic.
making this bill especially

important.
In 1993, Congress created the national empowerment zone program to

encourage investment in low-income communities and delegated to federal

agencies the authority to designate communities as empowerment zones.
D.C. was not among those so designated.
However.
in 1997.
working

primarily with Republicans in Congress, I created federal tax

incentives for investment in D.C. by businesses and individuals.
The

business incentives were similar to, but more generous than, those

available under the national empowerment zone program.
I got the D.C.

incentives reauthorized regularly until 2011, when Congress refused to

extend the D.C. incentives.
At the same time, Congress extended the

national empowerment zone program, and the program was last extended

through 2025.
Under my bill, low-income neighborhoods in D.C. would be

treated as empowerment zones as long as the national empowerment zone

program remains in effect.
Congress has recognized that the benefits of tax incentives for

investment in economically distressed communities outweigh the costs,

as it has continuously extended the national empowerment zone program.
The tax incentives for D.C. were the only tax incentives for a big city

that were not extended, even though they were initially created by

Republicans, with the help of several Democrats.
The expiration of the tax incentives for D.C. was tragically timed,

as the low-income parts of D.C., which needed the incentives most, were

ready for revitalization.
As we work to revitalize downtown D.C. and

Wards 5, 7 and 8, the need for these incentives for D.C. is of

paramount importance.
The tax incentives for D.C. were effective and

their costs were de minimis.
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

KESLEY WHITE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kesley White of

Leadville, Colorado for receiving the United States Department of State

Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship.
As part of this

prestigious honor, Kesley traveled to Nepal to study abroad.
U.S. Study Abroad programs are an important component of the federal

government's efforts to ensure Americans of all backgrounds have the

opportunity to gain global experiences and work across our borders to

help address our world's greatest challenges.
The Benjamin A. Gilman

Scholarship provides exceptional undergraduate students with the

opportunity to expand their cultural proficiencies, study critical need

languages, and conduct STEM research.
The scholarship has empowered

over 41,000 individuals with financial need to engage in people-to-

people diplomacy and prepare for distinguished careers in public

service.
I commend Kesley for pursuing an exemplary international education

and representing America abroad as a citizen ambassador.
This

scholarship rightly recognizes a commitment to academic excellence.
Mr.

Speaker, it is a privilege to recognize Kesley's many accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LUIS MOLINA-BARRAZA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Luis Molina-

Barraza of Westminster, Colorado for receiving the United States

Department of State Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship.
As

part of this prestigious honor, Luis traveled to Morocco to study

abroad.
U.S. Study Abroad programs are an important component of the federal

government's efforts to ensure Americans of all backgrounds have the

opportunity to gain global experiences and work across our borders to

help address our world's greatest challenges.
The Benjamin A. Gilman

Scholarship provides exceptional undergraduate students with the

opportunity to expand their cultural proficiencies, study critical need

languages, and conduct STEM research.