Title: CELEBRATING DR.
HANK HINE FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE ARTS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
195

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DR.
HANK HINE FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE ARTS

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Dr.

Hank Hine, his remarkable achievements and the well-deserved

recognition from Spain's King, Felipe VI of the Order of Isabel la

Catolica.
As the Executive Director of The Dali Museum in St.

Petersburg.
Florida, Dr. Hine has not only enriched our community and

cultural landscape, but also has forged international connections that

highlight the artistic and cultural treasures we hold dear.
Dr. Hine's lifelong commitment to the arts and his exceptional

stewardship of The Dali Museum have left an indelible mark on the

cultural life of our community.
The Dali Museum holds the largest

collection of Salvador Dali's artworks outside of Dali's home country

of Spain.
Under his visionary leadership, the museum has become a

beacon of creativity and inspiration, welcoming visitors from all

corners of the globe to experience the masterpieces of Dali and other

renowned artists.
The recent honor bestowed upon Dr. Hine, the Order of Isabel la

Catolica, is a testament to his dedication and tireless efforts in

fostering cultural exchange and promoting the legacy of Salvador Dali,

one of the most celebrated artists of all times.
This recognition is

one of the highest civilian honors Spain bestows, and it reflects the

deep respect and admiration with which he is regarded not only in our

local community but also on the international stage.
Dr. Hine expressed

his gratitude to the entire community in his acceptance address,

recognizing all those who welcomed The Dali to St. Petersburg--the

founders, staff, trustees, and volunteers whose embrace of the power of

art propelled all the Museum's achievements.
Dr. Hine's work transcends borders, enriching our understanding of

art, culture and the human experience.
His tireless commitment to

fostering collaboration and understanding among different cultures and

nations deserves our highest praise and gratitude.
As we congratulate Dr. Hine on this prestigious recognition, we also

express our gratitude for his continued contributions to the vibrant

cultural tapestry of our community.
His passion and leadership at The

Dali Museum have made Tampa Bay a cultural hub and a destination for

art enthusiasts worldwide.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and

applauding Dr. Hank Hine for his outstanding achievements and for

bringing the world of art and culture closet to our hearts and our

community.
Dr. Hine's unwavering commitment to the arts has enhanced

the lives of my community and his work will be celebrated by many

generations.
May his work continue to inspire and enrich us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF WWII USMC VETERAN WILLIAM PAUL GOSCH

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor World War

II Marine Corps veteran William P. Gosch as he celebrates his 100th

birthday which is December 8th.
William P. Gosch was born in North Tonawanda, New York, on December

8th, 1923.
While attending North Tonawanda High School, he showed

academic prowess, earning a football scholarship to attend Niagara

University.
After graduating from high school in the Fall of 1941,

William chose to forgo his scholarship and joined the Marine Corps.
For

two years, he served as a rifleman and military policeman in the

infamous ``Carlson's Raiders'' in the Eastern Pacific Theatre of World

War II.
William Gosch was an exemplary soldier.
His unit was awarded a

presidential citation for their heroism in capturing the Okinawa

Prefecture, Japan.
During his time as a Marine, he participated in

action in Bougainville, Emirau Island, the St. Matthias Islands, Guam,

and Okinawa.