JACQUELINE SAUNDERS ______ HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
of georgia in the house of representatives Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding musician, dedicated educator, committed community servant, and dear friend of longstanding, Ms. Jacqueline Saunders.
She will be honored at the Chancel Choir's 60th Anniversary Gospel Concert at First Missionary Baptist Church of Thomasville, Georgia on Sunday, August 6, 2023.
Jacqueline Saunders has used her life's work to help others to reach their full potential through music, theatre, and education.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Ms. Saunders has paid her rent, and she has paid it well.
Ms. Saunders graduated from Morris Brown College in 1973 with a B.A. Degree in English.
During her matriculation at Morris Brown, she was initiated into the sisterhood of Alpha Kappa Kappa Sorority Inc., which makes her a Golden Soror.
She was also a member of the Morris Brown College Wolverine Marching Band.
Her love of knowledge and learning took her academic pursuits to the University of Georgia, Valdosta State College (Now University), Walden University, and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she received her M.S. in Counseling Education in 1988.
Ms. Saunders has had a long and storied career as an educator that began in 1973.
She has served in many roles during her professional career to include, Instructor of English and Social Studies, English Language and Literature Instructor, Instructor of English Communications, Career Advisor Coordinator/Career Adviser, Counselor/ Teacher, Upward Bound Counselor, Student Support Team and 504 Coordinator, 9th and 10th Grade Counselor and PK-5 Counselor.
Her professional stops during her educational journey have included Brooks County Junior High School, Thomas County, Turn Around School, The University of Wisconsin, Thomas County Central High School, Thomas University, Thomasville High School, and J.K. Harper Elementary School.
Ms. Saunders had a brief respite from her educational career from 1984 to 86 where she served in several roles at National Savings and Trust Bank in Washington, D.C. but she quickly returned to her first love of education.
A wonderful woman of God, Ms. Saunders served as Church Musician for Ochlocknee and Piney Grove Missionary Baptist Churches from 1959-69.
From 1959 through the present, she has served as a Church musician for Mercy Seat Christian and First Missionary Baptist Churches.
She also has been a member of the acclaimed Georgia Mass Choir since 1981.
In addition, she has expanded her horizons in the performing arts by appearing in the 1996 movie, ``The Preacher's Wife,'' which starred Denzel Washington and Whitney Houston, and she also appeared in the Broadway play ``Why Do Good Girls Like Bad Boys?''
She has also broadened her horizons by traveling and participating in an international tour of France, England, Spain,

and Italy.
Amidst all her other activities, she has always found time to give back to her community.
``It has been said that service is the rent we pay for the space we occupy on this earth.''
Jacqueline Saunders has paid her rent, and she has paid it well!
Through her beloved Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc., she has given her time, treasure, and talent to many community initiatives.
Ms. Saunders founded the Lambda Xi Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority and served as its Basileus from 1977 to 79 and 1992 to 93.
She is an example of what can happen when 1 carries out God's purpose for her life.
Jacqueline Saunders has exemplified a life of service to God using her many talents to touch the lives of countless souls fortunate enough to cross paths with her.
She has done so much for so many for so long.