His first fruits of education came as a student at the Hazard Laboratory School for Primary Education and St. Teresa's Catholic School in Albany.
Tommy was also a product of the Dougherty County School System, graduating from Albany High School in 1972.
Tommy made history while at Albany High School, becoming the marching band's first African American drum major.
His love of music continued, and he delayed college after graduating with honors to travel with a band called Eden from 1968 to 1974.
In 1974, Tommy followed in his father's footsteps by attending our Alma Mater, Morehouse College.
He graduated from Morehouse in 1979 with a bachelor's degree in political science.
One of Tommy's proudest moments at Morehouse was when he was selected to serve as a U.S. Congressional Intern, in the office of United States Congresswoman Cardiss Hortense Collins.
After graduating from Morehouse, Tommy returned to his hometown roots in Albany to operate a family-owned business, Chatmon's Beauty Supply, Inc. He was a great strategic entrepreneur and as Chief Operating Officer for 17 years, he helped grow the family business to 10 retail locations in 4 different states.
Tommy's professional career also took him to work as the District Manager for the Georgia Census Bureau in 1980.
In 1984, he was the Campaign Manager for Standup Strain's bid for Dougherty County Sheriff.
Tommy cemented his bonafides during this time as a deeply respected political figure and social activist, once again following in the footsteps of his father; who had been active in the Albany Civil Rights Movement.
In 1998, when leaders in Albany decided to revitalize the city's downtown area by forming Albany Tomorrow, Inc., Tommy was selected to serve as its Executive Director.
Forever a visionary and forward thinker, he was able to bring people and projects together for downtown to include the Hilton Garden Inn, The Flint River Aquarium, The Ray Charles Plaza, Turtle Grove Park, SKATE Park, The Albany

Law Enforcement Center and Police Headquarters, Department of Human Resources Administrative Building, The Central Square, The Science Discovery Children's Museum, parking garages for the downtown business district, and The Dougherty County School Board Administrative Building.
Tommy's proudest moment as the Executive Director was the groundbreaking of the Albany Civil Rights Institute, which tells the story of Albany's prominent role in the modern-day Civil Rights Movement.
As his good friend Glenn Singfield put it, ``There wouldn't be an Albany today without Albany Tomorrow, and there wouldn't have been an Albany Tomorrow without Tommy Chatmon.''
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ``Faith is sometimes taking the first step without seeing the full staircase.''
In 2007, Thomas took a step on faith with the lessons he learned in his stint with Albany Tomorrow carrying his creative talents to Orlando, Florida, where the mayor appointed him as Executive Director of the Downtown Development Board/Community Redevelopment Agency.
In this role, Tommy oversaw economic development for the Community Redevelopment Agency.
He played a crucial role in achieving some of downtown Orlando's premier development in retail and business recruitment, marketing and special events programming, and housing development within the Community Redevelopment Area to include: The Amway Center, The Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts, Sun Rail, Chase,' Plaza, Church Street Plaza, Citi Tower, Creative Village, 55 West, and many more.
It has been said that ``service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Tommy Chatmon paid his rent, and he paid it well.
He gave his time, talent, and treasure to numerous social and civil organizations, serving as Chair of Homeless Service Network of Central Florida Board, and the Starter Studio Board, The International Downtown Association (IDA), Nap Ford Community School, MyRegion.
ORG, WMFW Community Advisory Board, and the Central Florida Urban League Board.