Catherine McAuley Distinguished Alumnae Honoree at Mount Mercy Academy, Meghan Crotty Quinn.
For over a century, Mount Mercy Academy has been a beacon of light and an indispensable institution within our community.
With a unique focus on academic excellence, women's leadership, and a commitment to building a just society, it is only proper to commend the alumni who have contributed to this much-deserved reputation.
A proud South Buffalo resident, Meghan and her husband Kevin Quinn are the proud parents of Kiera (Mount Mercy Academy, Class of 2027), son Rory and daughter Colleen.
Meghan is the daughter of Anita Durkin Crotty (Mount Mercy Academy Class of 1963) and Patrick Crotty.
Meghan is a business and community leader.
She graduated from John Carroll University in 2007 and earned the title of Certified Public Accountant shortly thereafter.
Meghan's rise in the banking industry has been rapid; after a stint with M&T Bank, she now serves as a Senior Vice President in the Commercial Banking division at HSBC Bank.
She has twice been recognized by her peers as a top 100 performer in United States commercial banking and is a recipient of the Irish Echo's 40 Under 40 Award in 2021.
Meanwhile, her professional success has been coupled with a steadfast commitment of paying it forward.
Meghan is the Treasurer of South Buffalo Roots, a rising community organization responsible for organizing the very successful South Buffalo Porchfest, Music in the Park series and South Buffalo Irish Festival.
This dedicated group of volunteers in turn supports an array of neighborhood organizations using a creative model of giving back to other charitable organizations including, the South Buffalo Community Table, Buffalo Irish Center, Buffalo Refuse, local sports and school organizations, 11-Day Powerplay, Kids Escaping Drugs, and Feed the Front Line.
Citizens like Meghan--those who are consumed with doing right by their neighbors are what makes Buffalo so special.
Her commitment to professional excellence and bettering the Western New York community make for an incredible endorsement of Mount Mercy Academy and its principles.
The award recipients and honorees tonight for Mount Mercy Academy's 22nd Annual Dinner have exceeded the already rigorous standard for the members within this community.
Mount Mercy's values and commitment to service are steeped in decades of tradition, and Meghan Crotty Quinn continues to live these values in her career and relationships.