Mr. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, Georgina Cardona, affectionately known as Gina, was a woman of extraordinary kindness and caring, and left this world at the young age of 95.
Her constant commitment to community and family formed the pillars for who she was in life.
Gina moved into our community in the winter of 1952 from The Island of Puerto Rico with her husband Eliseo and only son Aureo.
The three lived in a rooming house owned by the Rivera family, this is where she came to love the South Bronx and all those who lived there with her, including her beloved ``Bronx Bombers''.
After settling in, Gina continued her dedication to service of others by graduating with honors from the Helena Fuld School.
She started her career at Hunts Point Hospital as a surgical nurse, then worked at the Hospital for Joint Diseases until her retirement 40 years later.
During her years in healthcare, she was instrumental in groundbreaking medical procedures and became a highly respected leader in the industry.
While tirelessly working to improve the health of her fellow community members, she also fought for the Bronx we see today.
Her political activism was integral in rebuilding the South Bronx.
Gina always found the time and energy to campaign, mobilize, and organize her fellow community members to make lasting, positive changes for the South Bronx.
Her passion for service and change was instilled in her family, especially her son and granddaughter who continue her legacy of love and community.
She was as proud of her civic engagement as I am inspired by it.
A beacon of strength, Gina was the Matriarch of her beloved family.
Like many in her generation, she sent much of her hard-earned money to help her mother and sisters in Puerto Rico.
Ultimately, she helped to settle them in the South Bronx.
Gina continued to bring her family together by helping to move her aunt and younger cousins to Brooklyn.
Gina's commitment to her family is exemplified by these acts of selflessness.
While the Bronx became Gina's new home she never forgot where she came from.
She would go back to Puerto Rico annually to see her aunt, uncle, and cousins.
She would celebrate Puerto Rican heritage month with her brother and his family every year in Connecticut.
She also made sure to teach her family in New York to appreciate and learn their history and culture.
She did this through language, tradition, food.
music, and celebrations.
She embraced and loved her family with her entire heart.
She will be sorely missed.
I want to recognize her truly amazing impact on our community and anyone who knew her.
Gina was a healer through and through.
From saving lives as a nurse to helping rebuild her community to taking care of her family, she always worked to heal those around her.
In the words of Gina's only Granddaughter Ralina, she left behind a legacy of family and love, not in words but in her deeds.