Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Dr. Hank Hine, his remarkable achievements and the well-deserved recognition from Spain's King, Felipe VI of the Order of Isabel la Catolica.
As the Executive Director of The Dali Museum in St. Petersburg.
Florida, Dr. Hine has not only enriched our community and cultural landscape, but also has forged international connections that highlight the artistic and cultural treasures we hold dear.
Dr. Hine's lifelong commitment to the arts and his exceptional stewardship of The Dali Museum have left an indelible mark on the cultural life of our community.
The Dali Museum holds the largest collection of Salvador Dali's artworks outside of Dali's home country.
Under his visionary leadership, the museum has become a beacon of creativity and inspiration, welcoming visitors from all corners of the globe to experience the masterpieces of Dali and other renowned artists.
The recent honor bestowed upon Dr. Hine, the Order of Isabel la Catolica, is a testament to his dedication and tireless efforts in fostering cultural exchange and promoting the legacy of Salvador Dali, one of the most celebrated artists of all times.
This recognition is one of the highest civilian honors Spain bestows, and it reflects the deep respect and admiration with which he is regarded not only in our local community but also on the international stage.
Dr. Hine expressed his gratitude to the entire community in his acceptance address, recognizing all those who welcomed The Dali to St. Petersburg--the founders, staff, trustees, and volunteers whose embrace of the power of art propelled all the Museum's achievements.
Dr. Hine's work transcends borders, enriching our understanding of art, culture and the human experience.
His tireless commitment to fostering collaboration and understanding among different cultures and nations deserves our highest praise and gratitude.
As we congratulate Dr. Hine on this prestigious recognition, we also express our gratitude for his continued contributions to the vibrant cultural tapestry of our community.
His passion and leadership at The Dali Museum have made Tampa Bay a cultural hub and a destination for art enthusiasts worldwide.