From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL L. TESTA, SR.
HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the accomplishments of

Michael L. Testa, Sr.,
a respected attorney and leader from South

Jersey, who was recently awarded the

CEO Group's Lifetime Achievement Award.
Michael is a Managing Partner

at Testa Heck Testa & White, P.A., and has spent more than five decades

building a legacy of legal excellence and public service.
A certified

civil and criminal trial attorney, he has been named to the lists of

New Jersey Super Lawyers and Top Ten Lawyers more than ten times each--

an extraordinary testament to his professional reputation and courtroom

skill.
But Michael's impact goes far beyond the courtroom.
He has

dedicated his life to serving the people of South Jersey through

various municipal and educational roles, including as solicitor for

Buena Municipal Authorities Association, Deerfield Township, and Rowan

College of South Jersey.
His service on the boards of the

Rehabilitation Hospital of South Jersey, Sun National Bank, and the

Landis Theatre Foundation reflects a deep commitment to strengthening

local institutions and opportunities.
Michael's legacy is not only

defined by his distinguished legal career but also by his selfless

dedication to civic leadership, education, and charitable causes

throughout Cumberland County.
I congratulate Michael on this well-

earned Lifetime Achievement Award, and thank him for his decades of

service and commitment to South Jersey.
May God bless Michael Testa,

Sr.,
and may God bless the United States of America, the greatest

country on the face of the Earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROBERT CORCORAN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, one of the most commendable milestones a

young man can reach is earning the rank of Eagle Scout.
This past

weekend, I had the distinct honor of congratulating Robert Corcoran on

achieving this prestigious award.
Robert's journey began in 2012 when

he earned his first Cub Scout rank of Bobcat.
Over the past decade,

through dedication, perseverance, and strong character, he climbed the

ranks and ultimately attained the highest honor of Eagle Scout.
Along

the way, Robert earned 34 merit badges, including the Light of Christ

Award, a testament to his deep and abiding faith in our Lord and

Savior, Jesus Christ.
For his Eagle Scout project, Robert demonstrated

compassion and creativity by upcycling 31 insulated coolers into feral

cat shelters.
These shelters were distributed through the Homeward

Bound Pet Adoption Center, providing warmth and protection to South

Jersey's stray cat population during the harsh winter months.
I

congratulate Robert on this remarkable achievement.
With his unwavering

faith, tireless work ethic, and heart for service, there is no doubt in

my mind, he will thrive in all his future endeavors.
God bless Robert

and God bless our United States of America, the greatest country on the

face of the Earth.