He then worked at the International Paper Company in Corinth

until his retirement in 1988.
Outside of his professional life, John was deeply engaged in his

community.
He was a member and past Commander of the Hudson-Sacandaga

VFW Post No.
5836, a member of the William J. Varney American Legion

Post 862, and the Roosevelt Rod and Gun Club.
His commitment to

veterans' organizations and community activities reflected his lifelong

dedication to service.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize World War II Veteran and Motor Mechanics Mate John T. Golden,

Sr.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NOAH SARNOFF

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Noah Sarnoff, an

exceptional student-athlete from my district who has been awarded the

Olympiad Student Athlete by the Jewish War Veterans.
Established in

1972, this award honors the memory of the 11 Israeli athletes

tragically killed during the Munich Olympics and celebrates the

academic and athletic excellence of remarkable high school students.
Noah exemplifies those values.
A proud representative of Vineland High

School, he has consistently excelled both in the classroom and in

athletics, balancing a demanding academic schedule with a standout

athletic career.
On the soccer field, Noah is a four-year varsity

player and two-year team captain.
He leads with talent, integrity, and

a spirit of sportsmanship that sets him apart.
He treats teammates and

opponents with respect, leads by example, and represents his school and

community with pride.
His lasting impact comes not only from his

performance, but from the way he uplifts and inspires those around him.
Noah truly embodies the spirit and values that the Olympiad Award was

created to honor.
I congratulate Noah, and thank him for making South

Jersey proud.
God bless Noah and God bless our United States of

America, the greatest country on the face of the Earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately missed one Roll Call vote due

to travel delays.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
191.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DANIEL McCLAVE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Daniel McClave,

whose extraordinary commitment and character have earned him the

highest honor in the Boy Scouts of America, the Eagle Scout.
Daniel

began his Scouting journey twelve years ago, steadily advancing through

the Cub Scout ranks, achieving the rank of Scout in 2019, before his

resilience, dedication, and selfless service led to the achievement of

Eagle Scout this past December.
Throughout his time in Scouting, Daniel

earned an impressive 41 merit badges and was awarded four Eagle Palms--

a clear reflection of his extraordinary determination to exceed

expectations and lead by example.
For his Eagle Scout project, Daniel

transformed a storage room at Clayton High School into a fully

functional and accessible food bank, ensuring that students and

families in need had a reliable source of support and nourishment.
Even

after achieving the rank of Eagle, Daniel's service did not stop.
He

has continued to give back by serving as an Assistant Scoutmaster and

Merit Badge Counselor, guiding and mentoring the next generation of

Scouts with the same wisdom, integrity, and leadership that defined his

own journey.
I congratulate Daniel on this outstanding achievement.
His

leadership, generosity, and commitment to his community are inspiring.
My district and the Boy Scouts of America are better because of young

men like him.
God bless Daniel and God bless our United States of

America, the greatest country on the face of the Earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL L. TESTA, SR.
HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.