Title: CELEBRATING FULTON UNITED SOCCER CLUB'S FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
121

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING FULTON UNITED SOCCER CLUB'S FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Fulton

United Soccer Club in Gloversville, New York and congratulate them on

their fifty-year anniversary.
The Fulton United Soccer Club is a nonprofit soccer league that has

given students from Pre-K to 7th grade an opportunity to play soccer

since 1975 and currently has 544 children signed up to participate in

the club's spring season.
Students are coached in a wide range of

soccer skills from teamwork to advanced ball coordination by parent

volunteers, many of whom were players themselves.
The legacy of this recreational soccer league is truly admirable and

contributes to our district through its commitment to providing

athletic opportunities to our youth, which is made possible by the

enthusiasm and generosity of members of our community.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I would like to

acknowledge and appreciate the Fulton United Soccer Club for its

tremendous positive impact on so many children in our communities for

so many years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMBROSIO GUILLEN TEXAS STATE

VETERANS HOME

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

20th Anniversary of the Ambrosio Guillen Texas State Veterans Home

located in El Paso, Texas.
The Ambrosio Guillen Texas State Veterans Home opened its doors to

veterans, their spouses, and Gold Star parents in 2005 to provide long-

term care for those in need of specialty care.
Ambrosio Guillen Home has provided quality and outstanding care to

thousands of distinguished veterans, ensuring that a welcoming, safe,

and enjoyable stay is provided.
The care center focuses on medical and

social needs, along with treatment plans that prioritize creativity and

expression.
I am incredibly thankful to the medical professionals and staff of

the Ambrosio Guillen Texas State Home for their dedication and tireless

work to provide care and attention to our veterans and their families.
The long-term care facility would not be what it is today without them.
I ask all Members to join me today in honoring the Ambrosio Guillen

Texas State Veterans Home for their 20 years of service and their

profound support to our Texas Veterans and families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE MINNESOTA FRISBEE ASSOCIATION'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and recognize the

Minnesota Frisbee Association (MFA) on their 50th anniversary.
Since

their founding on July 19, 1975, the Minnesota Frisbee Association has

been recognized nationally and internationally as one of the most

innovative and successful flying disc clubs.
The Minnesota Frisbee Association has been a trailblazer in

Minnesota, building a foundation on the principles of education,

communication, community, and competition.
They created the MFA Sport

Development Grant Program to educate, expand, and increase

accessibility to the sport across Minnesota.
As a result, the grants

have created a boom in frisbee infrastructure, programing, and

organizational support across the state.
The Minnesota Frisbee Association has also partnered with sports

teams such as the Minnesota Twins, Minnesota Vikings, and Minnesota's

ultimate frisbee team, Wind Chill.
They have leveraged these

relationships to engage enthusiasts across the state, host local,

national, and international competitions, and create a lasting and

dedicated community among neighbors and athletes.
Members of the Association can be found competing with their friends

and neighbors, or in the Hall of Fame for their contributions to the

sport.
This dedication to the flying disc community is seen off the

field--they engage and uplift their neighbors by donating and

fundraising for various local and national charitable causes.