They have leveraged these

relationships to engage enthusiasts across the state, host local,

national, and international competitions, and create a lasting and

dedicated community among neighbors and athletes.
Members of the Association can be found competing with their friends

and neighbors, or in the Hall of Fame for their contributions to the

sport.
This dedication to the flying disc community is seen off the

field--they engage and uplift their neighbors by donating and

fundraising for various local and national charitable causes.
Minnesota Frisbee Association is an example of dedication and passion

not only to the sport, but also to their community.
Please join me in

celebrating the enduring achievements of Minnesota Frisbee Association

throughout their 50 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AND COMMENDING CAPTAIN MICHAEL TIBALDO, FIRST OFFICER JAMES

KIM, DONNELL MITCHELL, AND JACLYN CURRY

HON.
DONALD NORCROSS

Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record, the

following proclamation honoring and commending Captain Michael Tibaldo,

First Officer James Kim, Donnell Mitchell, and Jaclyn Curry on the

emergency landing at the University of North Carolina Rex Hospital.
Whereas, on Sunday April 6, 2025, the crew members of

Republic Flight 4711, Captain Michael Tibaldo, First Officer

James Kim, Donnell Mitchell, and Jaclyn Curry saved the life

of Congressman Donald Norcross; and,

Whereas, during Republic Flight 4711 the Honorable

Congressman Norcross endured a sudden medical emergency that

required immediate medical attention, and the crew members of

the Republic Flight 4711 acted swiftly to orchestrate an

emergency plane landing, and the Honorable Congressman

Norcross's transportation to the University of North Carolina

Rex Hospital; and,

Whereas, had it not been for the professional, capable, and

flawless work of the crew members of Republic Flight 4711,

Congressman Donald Norcross would have died that day; and,

Whereas, Captain Michael Tibaldo, First Officer James Kim,

Donnell Mitchell, and Jaclyn Curry are continuing to keep

passengers safe, and representing the International

Brotherhood of Teamsters honorably; therefore,

Be it known to all that the undersigned hereby honors

Captain Michael Tibaldo, First Officer James Kim, Donnell

Mitchell, and Jaclyn Curry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN T. GOLDEN, SR.
HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Navy

veteran John T. Golden, Sr.
John T. Golden.
Sr.
was born in the Bronx, New York, on April 11,

1926.
He graduated from Long Beach High School and attended CW Post

College before enlisting in the U.S. Navy on February 5, 1943.
John was

trained in Diesel Mechanics, Demolitions, and was submarine qualified.
After beginning his military career as a Fireman, he went on to serve

as a Motor Mechanics Mate.
During World War II, John was stationed at forward Naval Amphibious

Assault bases in England and served aboard an LST ship during the D-Day

Invasion and subsequent transport operations.
Later, he was assigned to

the transport ship USS General Leroy Eltinge for Operation Magic

Carpet, which took him to China before being transferred to the USS

General W.F. Hase, which brought him back to the United States.
Upon

being honorably discharged on March 18, 1946, John was awarded the Good

Conduct Medal, the Asiatic-Pacific Theater Medal, the European Theater

Medal, and the WWII Victory Medal.
Returning to civilian life, John built a family and a distinguished

career.
He married Geraldine K. Wood on September 1, 1951, and together

they raised five children.
John served 20 years with the Nassau County

Police Department's 4th Precinct, working as a Detective in the

Narcotics and Homicide Divisions.
After retiring from the police

department in 1972, John and Geraldine relocated to the Town of Day,

New York.
He then worked at the International Paper Company in Corinth

until his retirement in 1988.
Outside of his professional life, John was deeply engaged in his

community.
He was a member and past Commander of the Hudson-Sacandaga

VFW Post No.