In 1978, Beverly saw Barbara Walters' interview with Betty Friedan, the founder of the National Organization for Women.
While watching, Beverly was convicted that she must speak on behalf of millions of women who were not being represented by the feminist philosophy.
Friedan's purpose, according to LaHaye, was to promote homosexuality, abortion on demand, and thoroughly ``undermine the core of American culture: the family.''
God led Beverly to begin an organization that would provide a platform to advance conservative values in politics and policy.
Concerned Women for America was launched at a rally hosted by LaHaye in a local San Diego theatre.
CWA began as a local interest, but within two years, it had grown to become a national organization aimed at protecting and promoting Biblical and constitutional principles through prayer, education, and advocacy.
Believing that prayer was vital to the success of every endeavor, Beverly founded CWA on the principles of prayer and action.
CWA became a fast-growing grassroots organization of conservative women and men who were challenged and educated to pray for their country and its leaders, as well as to take action in their communities, states, and even at the national level.
In 1985, Beverly moved CWA headquarters from San Diego to Washington, D.C. Both she and Tim believed this move was vital in order for CWA to have its greatest impact on the culture as the organization continued to expand.
Beverly's growing influence in the conservative movement, as well as Republicans holding a majority place in office, led to LaHaye's prominence during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.
She regularly testified in congressional hearings, including Supreme Court nomination hearings for Antonin Scalia, Robert Bork, and Clarence Thomas.
Initially, Mrs. LaHaye jumped into the debate over the Equal Rights Amendment, helping lead the opposition to it as well as advocating for the life of the unborn.
As time went on, other vital family-oriented issues arose that demanded attention.
She led CWA to speak out on the protection of marriage, support for Israel, and more.
Additionally, God led Beverly to add a legal defense department to CWA's growing list of involvement as opportunities arose to be a voice on behalf of women and men embattled in the court in the areas of life, marriage, education, and freedom of religion.
During the 1980s, Beverly's heart of compassion led her to reach out to Nicaraguan families who were displaced by the communist regime in their country.
On numerous occasions, Mrs. LaHaye led teams of volunteers to the jungles of Costa Rica, where they provided much-needed aid to

refugees fleeing from their own country.
CWA established a refuge station in the jungle which provided clothes, food, education, medical assistance, and, most importantly, hope to these struggling people.
The influence of CWA has spread throughout the country, with chapters in almost every state.
As chair and founder, Beverly hosted an award-winning radio talk show and appeared in numerous media interviews.
Beverly would not hesitate to accept the opportunity to be the voice of Christian women on national television, often in direct debate against some of the leading feminist and pro-choice voices of the day.
She always conducted herself with grace and dignity and spoke truth with strength and clarity.
Throughout her years in leadership, Beverly has received many awards, including Christian Woman of the Year, the Southern Baptist Convention's ``Religious Freedom Award,'' as well as ``Talk Show of the Year'' in 1993 or the Beverly LaHaye Live radio program.
In 1994, she was honored by the U.S. House of Representatives for service to her country, and in 2016, she was recognized by the Faith and Freedom Coalition with the ``Winston Churchill Lifetime Achievement Award.''
Most recently, in 2023 Beverly was named one of the 50 greatest pro-life leaders in the past 50 years.
Mrs. LaHaye retired from her role as President of CWA in 2006.
She and Tim returned to Southern California, where they were closer to family.