His love for his family and

his desire to be there for others left a lasting impact on all who

crossed his path.
Mr. Owens was also a passionate sports fan.
His favorite teams were

the Buffalo Sabres and the Baltimore Ravens.
He also had a great

appreciation for music, especially the timeless songs of The Beatles,

which brought him much joy throughout his life.
Whether cheering for

his teams or sharing his love for music, Mr. Owens brought joy to those

around him.
Mr. Owens was predeceased by several loved ones, including his wife

Clara, son Jamar, grandson Derrick, and several siblings.
He is

survived by his children John (Voncille), Clarice, Michael (Marie),

Terrance, Desiree, Rodney (Nan), and Anthony Owens; his sister Eunice

(Lester) Hubbard; 18 grandchildren, 26 great-grandchildren, and 5

great-great-grandchildren, along with a host of nieces, nephews,

cousins, and friends.
Mr. John Bernard Owens lived a life of devotion to his family, his

community, and his faith.
His unwavering commitment to those he loved

and his generosity towards others made a profound impact on all who

knew him.
Mr. Owens was a man who believed in the importance of family

above all else and worked tirelessly to provide for and support those

around him.
His kindness, loyalty, and the warmth of his heart will

forever be remembered, and his legacy will continue to inspire all

those whose lives he touched.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW BOWER

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Matthew Bower

on the occasion of his retirement from Federal service.
Over the past

22 years, Matt has honorably served the United States in both the

executive and legislative branches.
His service to our Nation

culminates in an exemplary and dedicated fashion as a professional

staff member for the United States House of Representatives, Committee

on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense.
Matt's road to Federal service began with completion of his

undergraduate degree at St. John Fisher University in Rochester, New

York, where he majored in Economics with a minor in Finance.
Matt

worked for three years as a private sector accountant and financial

analyst before joining the Department of Homeland Security in 2003

where, as a section chief and preparedness officer, Matt was charged

with interpreting complex program policies and associated congressional

language, identifying problem areas, and developing effective

solutions.
Little did Matt know that one day he would be on the other

side of the coin, drafting impactful provisions and making

recommendations that directly affect departmental policies.
Matt would

continue to rise through the ranks at the Department of Homeland

Security, achieving the duties of branch chief of risk analysis and

strategic initiatives, with impact on over $3 billion dollars in

preparedness grant funding.
It was at this point, in 2015, that Matt's career would intersect

with the Committee on Appropriations.
As a well-respected analyst, Matt

earned an opportunity to detail onto the staff of the Subcommittee for

Homeland Security, chaired at the time by my good friend Judge Carter.
Matt's accounts included the United States Secret Service, the United

States Coast Guard, and the Office of Intelligence and Analysis.
These

are some of the most critical agencies overseen by the Homeland

Subcommittee, and it is no surprise that Matt stood out for his ability

to perform expert oversight and provide the chairman and clerk with

sage advice and recommendations.
Matt's abilities caught the eye of the Defense Subcommittee chairman

Rodney Frelinghuysen, and Matt's return to the Department of Homeland

Security was short-lived.
In 2016, Matt brought his discerning eye and

unflappable demeanor to the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, where

he would stay until the end of his service to our Nation.