Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

of Darrell Rowser, a man whose strength, dedication, and unwavering

love for his family left a lasting impact on everyone who had the

privilege of knowing him.
Mr. Rowser's commitment to his work, faith,

and most importantly, his family, defined the essence of his character.
Born on September 14, 1958, in Buffalo, New York, to his late father

Bertin Rowser, and his mother, Marlene Rowser, Mr. Rowser was the third

of five children.
He received his formal education through the Buffalo

Public School system and graduated from Kensington High School in 1976.
He then went on to receive his Associate's Degree at Medaille College.
Mr. Rowser was a dedicated athlete, excelling in basketball, track,

and Taekwondo.
He won All-High championships in the 400-meter and 800-

meter races at Kensington High School and later continued playing

basketball, winning championships with the North Buffalo Community

Center league.
After 30 years of training, he earned a Black Belt 2nd

Dan in Taekwondo.
Mr. Rowser also had a love for music, playing bass

guitar with his brothers in a band, and filling his home with his

favorite songs.
After college, Mr. Rowser began his career at General Motors for 10

years, later working at Ford Motor Company Stamping Plant where he

retired in 2024 after 33 years.
While at Ford, Mr. Rowser rose to the

role of Team Leader, earning him a Six Sigma Lean Belt certification

which represented his commitment to knowledge, efficiency, and

excellence.
Mr. Rowser was known to be fair but firm at work, and with

his recognizable voice that commanded attention, he was greatly

respected by his team.
What truly defined Mr. Rowser was his deep love for his family.
His

greatest joy was spending time with his wife Jacqueline and their

children Brandon and Brianna.
Mr. and Mrs. Rowser shared a 37-year

marriage built on love, faith, and cherished memories.
He is survived

by his wife and children, his mother Marlene Rowser, mother-in-law

Violet Lewis, brother-in-law Darryl Prude, and many other loving family

members and friends.
Mr. Darrell Rowser lived a life devoted to his family, his work, and

his faith.
His unwavering

love for his family and his commitment to those around him left a

lasting impact on all who knew him.
Mr. Rowser believed deeply in the

importance of family, and he worked tirelessly to create a life full of

love, faith, and cherished moments.
His strength, kindness, and

dedication will always be remembered, and his legacy will continue to

inspire all those whose lives he touched.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING MR.
JOHN BERNARD OWENS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

of Mr. John Bernard Owens, affectionately known as ``Gadget,'' a

beloved father, grandfather, and community member whose legacy of love,

generosity, and devotion to his family will continue to inspire all who

knew him.
Born on January 15, 1938, in Buffalo, New York, to the late John and

Mary (Blount) Owens, Mr. Owens was one of eight children.
He graduated

from the Lackawanna School District, after which he spent over 30 years

in the industrial industry, eventually retiring from the Buffalo Brake

Beam Steel Company.
Mr. Owens was an active member of the Greater Love Fellowship of

Buffalo under the leadership of Elder George Herring.
His deep faith

and commitment to his community were always evident.
Anyone who knew

Mr. Owens knew he had many passions.
He was a devoted family man, and

to him, ``family was everything.''
He was known for his generosity,

always giving and helping others in need.
His love for his family and

his desire to be there for others left a lasting impact on all who

crossed his path.
Mr. Owens was also a passionate sports fan.
His favorite teams were

the Buffalo Sabres and the Baltimore Ravens.