Title: CELEBRATING GURUDEV SRI SRI RAVI SHANKAR; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
60

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GURUDEV SRI SRI RAVI SHANKAR

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gurudev

Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, a globally revered spiritual and humanitarian

leader who has spearheaded an unprecedented worldwide movement for a

stress-free, violence-free society.
Through his organizations,

including the Art of Living and the International Association for Human

Values, Gurudev Shankar has impacted an estimated 800 million people

across 180 countries.
His programs have empowered individuals to tackle

challenges at the global, national, community, and individual levels.
Gurudev Shankar was born in 1956 in Southern India, where he

demonstrated his spiritual and intellectual gifts at an early age.
By

the age of four, Gurudev Shankar was reciting the Bhagavad Gita and

meditating.
In 1982, during a ten-day period of silence, Gurudev

Shankar developed Sudarshan Kriya, a powerful breathing technique that

became central to the Art of Living courses, offering stress relief and

well-being to millions.
Gurudev Shankar founded The Art of Living as an international non-

profit organization dedicated to fostering peace and human values.
He

also established the International Association for Human Values to

support sustainable development and conflict resolution worldwide.
His

programs have made significant impacts in conflict zones such as

Kashmir, Colombia, and Iraq, and have provided trauma relief for war

veterans and communities affected by violence.
In addition to his global peace efforts, Gurudev Shankar is committed

to education and environmental conservation.
His initiatives have led

to the creation of over 1,300 schools providing free education to

underserved children in India, and his organization has planted over

100 million trees across the globe.
Furthermore, The Art of Living's

prison program has reached over 800,000 prisoners, helping to

rehabilitate and reintegrate them into society.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar

as he visits Western New York to lead ''The Journey Within,'' an

evening of meditation and wisdom offering a unique opportunity for

attendees to experience his transformative teachings firsthand.
His

lifelong commitment to peace, education, and humanitarian work

continues to inspire millions worldwide, and we are all the better for

it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OMEGA PSI PHI FRATERNITY, INCORPORATED'S 77TH SECOND

DISTRICT CONFERENCE

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

Phi Omega Chapter in Buffalo, which is proudly hosting the District

Conference for the Second District of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.,

in Western New York.
Founded in 1911 at Howard University, Omega Psi

Phi is a national, not-for-profit civic fraternal organization

dedicated to serving communities both locally and globally.
With over

700 chapters across the United States and internationally, Omega Psi

Phi Fraternity, Inc. works together to create a lasting impact on

society.
The Second District of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. proudly

includes 2,700 members across 84 chapters, with 62 graduate chapters

and 22 undergraduate chapters.
Over 3,000 attendees are expected at the

conference, including state and local dignitaries, community leaders,

families, friends, and the general public.
This gathering provides a

valuable opportunity to strengthen connections and further the mission

of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.--dedicated to promoting brotherhood,

scholarship, and service, while enhancing the mental, social,

spiritual, and physical well-being of its members and the communities

they serve.
Since its establishment in 1947, the Second District has worked

tirelessly to fulfill the mission of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.,

further enriching the communities it serves.
Over the past seven years,

the district has awarded scholarships to more than 700 students,

totaling over $1 million annually.
Additionally, the District continues

to implement impactful programs such as mentoring and tutoring,

fatherhood initiatives, Stop the Violence campaigns, and Habitat for

Humanity.