On January 9, 2025.
the school marked its 160th

anniversary.
The school will celebrate that historic milestone with a

gala later this month.
The oldest historically Black university in Maryland, Bowie State

University (BSU) has been a beacon of opportunity, innovation, and

academic excellence in our state and country ever since it was founded

as the Baltimore Normal School for Colored Teachers in 1865.
Many of

its first students were recently emancipated Marylanders.
The school

offered Black Americans a pathway to educational--and economic--

advancement at a time when they were largely barred from such

opportunities.
Back in 1865, the school had only a few small rooms and a handful of

students.
Today, BSU boasts a 339-acre campus and over 6,350

undergraduate and graduate students.
It offers more than 65 bachelor's,

master's, doctoral, and certificate programs.
From quantum computing

and artificial intelligence to biotech and pharmaceutical development,

BSU students are producing cutting-edge research in the fields that

will define the global 21st-century economy.
Indeed, just this year,

BSU received the distinguished 2025 Carnegie Research Activity

Classification in recognition of its trailblazing research.
Mr. Speaker, I've worked with many BSU students, faculty, and staff

over the decades, and I can personally attest to how impressive they

are.
They are leaders not only in their fields but also in our

community.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating them on this

milestone.
I have no doubt that BSU's next 160 years will be just as

successful as its first 160 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CAPT E. ROYCE WILLIAMS' 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate my constituent,

Escondido resident, the secret soldier of the Korean War, and America's

true Top Gun hero.
I'm talking about the one and only Captain Royce

Williams, who turns 100 tomorrow, on April 4th.
It is difficult to describe what Royce did for more than 30 harrowing

minutes more than 70 years ago in the skies over the North Pacific and

the coast of North Korea.
On that day in 1952, Capt.
Williams faced seven Soviet MiG-15s.
Alone.
Royce shot down four.
Alone.
He survived dozens of bullet holes to his plane, and a 37-millimeter

round to his fuselage.
Six inches to the right or left would have meant

certain death.
This was indomitable courage and the demonstration of the highest

skill under incalculable duress.
And it was kept secret for 40 years.
We won't stop until Royce Williams receives the recognition he

doesn't seek but richly deserves.
I wish a Happy Birthday to Royce.
Next stop: The Congressional Medal

of Honor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RABBI DAVID STEINHARDT

HON.
LOIS FRANKEL

Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rabbi

David Steinhardt, a distinguished spiritual leader and educator, as he

prepares to retire after more than three decades of dedicated service

to B'nai Torah Congregation in Boca Raton, Florida.
Rabbi Steinhardt's

journey to the rabbinate was shaped by his early experiences as the

child of refugees from Nazi Germany and his deep connection to the

Conservative Jewish movement, cultivated at Camp Ramah and Congregation

Rodeph Sholom in Connecticut.
Ordained in 1982 at the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York,

Rabbi Steinhardt began his rabbinical career in Ohio before joining

B'nai Torah in 1994, where he has since become a transformative figure.
His proudest accomplishments include revitalizing the synagogue's

religious after-school program, which saw attendance soar from under 40

percent to over 85 percent, and overseeing over 1,000 bar and bat

mitzvahs.
His congregants noted that in his congregation of 1,300

families, Rabbi Steinhardt has made it a point to connect deeply with

them, even knowing them all by name.
Under his leadership, the

synagogue grew significantly, expanding both its staff and its reach in

the Boca Raton community.