She served in the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2012

and 2018 to 2022.
She was elected to the Florida Senate in 2012 and

served until 2016, and she was serving as the senator of Senate

District 15 in Orlando at the time of her death.
Significant

legislation that she initiated and passed included bills to exonerate

the Groveland Four, provide compensation to James Joseph Richardson,

who was wrongfully incarcerated for 22 years, outlaw discrimination

against pregnant women in the workplace, and a Specialty License Plate

to benefit organizations that comprise the Divine Nine with 85 percent

organizations to support scholarships.
Career highlights, honors, and awards include: Having roads

designated for Bob Billingslea, July Perry, Edna Hargrett, and Bessie

Coleman; Resolution for George Starke and exoneration of the Groveland

Four; Recipient of the 2022-2023 Humanitarian Award from the Orlando

International Film Festival; 2021 Civil Rights Hall of Fame from City

of Orlando 2022; Outstanding Public Official Award from Healthy Start

Coalition of Orange County; 2019 MLK Humanitarian Award from Central

Florida Steppers; 2022 Warrior for Democracy Award from The League of

Women's Voters: 2022 Mountain Top Trailblazer Award from Cultured

Pearls of Alpha Kappa Alpha; 2018 Drum Major Social Justice Award from

Alpha Pi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.; 2016 Legislative Advocacy Award from

Democratic Women's Club of Florida Inc.; 2013 Mary Hatwood Human and

Civil Rights Award from the National Education Association; 2012 Martin

Luther King Jr. Achievement Award from Inter-Civic Council of the

Southern Christian Leadership Council; 1996 Commitment to Excellence

Award from Mid-Florida Chapter of NFBPA; 1992 Summit Award from the

Women's Source Center; and Life Time Achievement Award from the

Metropolitan Orlando Urban League.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PHYLLIS FULTON

HON.
DEBORAH K. ROSS

Ms. ROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Phyllis B.

Fulton, who sadly passed away last week.
A native of Elizabeth City, North Carolina, Phyllis dedicated her

life to serving her community through her work as a social worker.
After graduating from North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State

University in 1969, she began her career with the Wayne County

Department of Social Services.
While accompanying her husband on his

assignments as a U.S. Air Force officer, Phyllis continued her work as

a social worker around the world, helping foster kids, victims of child

abuse, and families with adoption.
After returning to North Carolina, Phyllis first worked at the Wake

County Department of Social Services before moving to the North

Carolina Department of Health and Human Services, where she was

promoted to Program Coordinator of Community Child Protection Teams

across the state.
In this role, she traveled to all 100 of our state's

counties.
In 2013, North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory awarded Phyllis with The

Order of the Long Leaf Pine, North Carolina's highest honor--an

accolade acknowledging her exemplary service to our state.
She was

recognized for her contributions to making North Carolina a better

place for all of our people over the course of her more than 50-year

career in social work.
Phyllis was a beloved wife, mother, sister, grandmother, and friend.
She embodied the true meaning of public service and made a lasting

impact on her community and state.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

recognizing the inspiring life and service of Phyllis Fulton.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SEPI SAIDI

HON.
DEBORAH K. ROSS

Ms. ROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

my dear friend, Sepi Saidi, who passed away on March 24, 2025.
Sepi was

a trailblazer and beloved member of the Wake County community who

nurtured her company from the ground-up in a male-dominated field.
Her

contributions to our community will live on for years to come in her

children, friends.