These

are some of the most critical agencies overseen by the Homeland

Subcommittee, and it is no surprise that Matt stood out for his ability

to perform expert oversight and provide the chairman and clerk with

sage advice and recommendations.
Matt's abilities caught the eye of the Defense Subcommittee chairman

Rodney Frelinghuysen, and Matt's return to the Department of Homeland

Security was short-lived.
In 2016, Matt brought his discerning eye and

unflappable demeanor to the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, where

he would stay until the end of his service to our Nation.
In his decade

of service to the Committee, Matt has personally overseen some of the

most significant and complex parts of the defense appropriations bill,

including: the Department of Defense's military personnel and operation

and maintenance accounts, which alone comprised nearly half of the

bill, or more during the Global War on Terror years; the Defense Health

Program, which provides critical funds to care for servicemembers and

their families; and several other accounts where funds are executed for

everything from demilitarizing chemical weapons to addressing

unexploded ordnance at current and former military sites.
However, Matt's last legacy on the Defense Subcommittee will be his

years of oversight of the United States Army procurement and research,

development, test and evaluations accounts.
As the lead staffer on Army

issues, Matt had a direct hand in the Army's transformation from a

counterterrorism-focused force, to one fielding capabilities to support

the Joint force in a new era of strategic competition with near peer

adversaries.
This included the development and procurement of systems

such as the Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor, the Joint Light

Tactical Vehicle, the Next Generation Squad Weapon, the Long-Range

Hypersonic Weapon, and numerous upgrades to existing systems such as

the Abrams tank system enhancement packages.
I personally appreciated

his recommendations on how the Subcommittee should proceed with the

development and acquisition of the Integrated Visual Augmentation

System or IVAS, an augmented reality headset.
Matt's assessment ensured

that the Congress retained its power of the purse and held the Army

accountable for fielding a capable system.
Over the last 10 years, Matt has consistently proved to be a

tremendous source of knowledge to the chairs of the Subcommittee on

both sides of the aisle, the numerous defense clerks, and his staff

colleagues alike.
I am grateful for his counsel as the Subcommittee

navigated a challenging period for the defense and security of our

Nation.
On behalf of a grateful Nation, I join my colleagues today in

recognizing and commending Matt for his service to our country and wish

him the best in his future endeavors.