His proudest accomplishments include revitalizing the synagogue's

religious after-school program, which saw attendance soar from under 40

percent to over 85 percent, and overseeing over 1,000 bar and bat

mitzvahs.
His congregants noted that in his congregation of 1,300

families, Rabbi Steinhardt has made it a point to connect deeply with

them, even knowing them all by name.
Under his leadership, the

synagogue grew significantly, expanding both its staff and its reach in

the Boca Raton community.
Rabbi Steinhardt's commitment to Jewish education and community

service has left a lasting legacy.
As he transitions to ``rabbi

emeritus,'' he will continue to contribute to his congregation and

community, while embracing a busy retirement filled with teaching,

writing, meditation, and time spent with his family.
It is a privilege to recognize Rabbi Steinhardt today, and I wish him

a fulfilling and rewarding retirement, and continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GERALDINE F. THOMPSON'S SERVICE TO THE GREAT STATE OF

FLORIDA

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Geraldine F. Thompson was born in New Orleans,

Louisiana, and grew up in the South Dade town of Perrine, Florida,

where members of her family worked in agriculture and construction.
She

was married to the Honorable Emerson R. Thompson, Jr. She was the

mother of three children--Laurise, Emerson III, and Elizabeth--and the

proud grandmother of six granddaughters and one great-grandson.
She

enjoyed reading, writing, volunteering, and traveling.
She attended Miami Dade Community College.
After receiving a

scholarship to the University of Miami, she received an undergraduate

degree in 1970 and a Master of Science from Florida State University in

1973.
Geraldine F. Thompson served for six years as an Orange County

Public Schools teacher.
She later served for 24 years as an

administrator at Valencia Community College, where she established the

College Reach Out Program, which enabled thousands of low-income and

disadvantaged students to fulfill their dream of going to college.
Senator Thompson developed a reputation as a respected local

historian for compiling the history of African Americans in Central

Florida and authoring the book ``Black America: Orlando, Florida.''
She

developed a passion for the history of African Americans in Central

Florida.
She wrote a play based on her book called ``A Vote a Voice.''
Her passion led her to preserve one of Orlando's unique landmarks,

the Wells'Built Hotel.
During the days of segregation, it provided

lodging to some of America's most prominent citizens, including Justice

Thurgood Marshall, Ray Charles, and performers on the chitlin circuit.
Today, that landmark is known as the Wells'Built Museum of African

American History and Culture.
She served in the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2012

and 2018 to 2022.
She was elected to the Florida Senate in 2012 and

served until 2016, and she was serving as the senator of Senate

District 15 in Orlando at the time of her death.
Significant

legislation that she initiated and passed included bills to exonerate

the Groveland Four, provide compensation to James Joseph Richardson,

who was wrongfully incarcerated for 22 years, outlaw discrimination

against pregnant women in the workplace, and a Specialty License Plate

to benefit organizations that comprise the Divine Nine with 85 percent

organizations to support scholarships.