Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable constituent from my district, Bertha Mazon, to celebrate her 100th birthday.
On April 5, 1925, Bertha Martinez was born in Guadalajara, Mexico.
She immigrated to Arizona when she was just 11 months old.
After graduating from Phoenix Union High School in 1943, she went on to work for the Department of Economic Security, starting as an employment office manager where she helped countless Arizonans acquire jobs.
She then went on to be a legislative liaison within the Department for over 45 years.
Bertha's guiding mission in this role was to give back to the community, which she did through obtaining lost employment checks, food stamps, veteran claims, and other benefits.
Legislators and constituents alike came to know her as ``the Angel of DES''.
Since the 1970's, Bertha provided countless resources for the Valley through her involvement in Las Damas del Valle, the oldest Latina volunteer organization in Arizona for which Bertha was one of the first members.
Through this organization, Bertha did door-to-door education to eradicate Tuberculosis, supported the local South Phoenix Boy Scout troop with supplies, and acted as an auxiliary volunteer for the County Hospital before it opened in 1970.
Bertha devoted her life to creating opportunities for the people of Arizona and continues to empower the Latino community through education and service.
Beyond her career, she is also a skilled painter, once earning a recognition that resulted in her work being displayed in the U.S. Capitol building.
She is also a life-long-learner, an amazing cook, and secret comedian with a knack for bilingual jokes.
As we celebrate this incredible 100 years Bertha has lived, we reflect on the many achievements that have shaped her life.
Through it all, her love for her family has been a constant source of strength and joy.
Married for over 60 years, she raised 4 children--Mark, Sonja, Frankie, and Linda, and her family continues to grow.
Bertha has also faced profound loss, including the loss of her son Frankie when he was just 17.
His spirit lives on through the generations of the Mazon family.
Her deep love for her family and support for her community is a constant source of inspiration to all who know her.