APRIL 9 9:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to consider pending calendar nominations.
SD-419 9:45 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean Donahue, of Florida, and Jessica Kramer, of Wisconsin, both to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and Brian Nesvik, of Wyoming, to be Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine improving future management of the Superfund Program.
SD-406 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nomination of Arielle Roth, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information.
SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize the Colorado River System conservation pilot program, S. 362, to allow certain Federal minerals to be mined consistent with the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 544, to provide for the location of multiple hardrock mining mill sites, to establish the Abandoned Hardrock Mine Fund, S. 714, to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to include critical materials in the definition of critical mineral, and the nominations of Katharine MacGregor, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior, and James Danly, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary.
SD-366 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Scott Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years, and Eric Matthew Ueland, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget.
SD-342 10:15 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jared Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Olivia Trusty, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission.
SR-253 11:30 a.m.
Committee on Veterans' Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Samuel Brown, of Nevada, to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, James Baehr, of Louisiana, to be General Counsel, and Richard Topping, of Ohio, to be Chief Financial Officer, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
SR-418 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing at 3:30 p.m. in SD-G50.
SVC-217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine personnel policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-222 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar nominations.
S-116 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism To hold an oversight hearing to examine Meta's foreign relations and representations to the United States Congress.
SD-226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine pending calendar nominations.
SH-216 Special Committee on Aging To hold joint hearings with the House Select Committee on the Strategic Competition to examine financial aggression, focusing on how the Chinese Communist Party exploits American retirees and undermines national security.
SD-106 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine reducing waste, fraud and abuse through innovation, focusing on how AI and data can improve government efficiency.
210-CHOB