Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
180

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 30, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 4

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Austin

Dahmer, of Arizona, and Robert Kadlec, of New York,

both to be an Assistant Secretary, and Michael Borders,

of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air

Force, all of the Department of Defense.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

Closed business meeting to consider pending calendar

business.
S-128

NOVEMBER 5

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine registered apprenticeship,

focusing on scaling the workforce for the future.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Edward

Forst, of Florida, to be Administrator of General

Services, Charles Arrington, of Illinois, to be a

Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, and

John Cuong Truong, Elana S. Suttenberg, and Stephen F.

Rickard, each of the District of Columbia, all to be an

Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District

of Columbia.
2:15 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ryan

McCormack, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for

Policy, Daniel Edwards, of North Carolina, to be an

Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of

Transportation, and Trent Morse, of Florida, to be a

Member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan

Washington Airports Authority for a term expiring May

30, 2030.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 107, to amend the Lumbee

Act of 1956.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine Trump's regulatory rollback.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Glen Smith,

of Iowa, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural

Development.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine how the Older Americans Act

uplifts families living with aging-related diseases.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine a grateful nation, focusing

on maximizing veteran's success after service.
NOVEMBER 6

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael

Payne, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment

and Program Evaluation, Alexander Velez-Green, of

Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Timothy

Dill, of Ohio, and Maurice Todd, of Florida, both to be

an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of

Defense.