JUNE 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the United States Central Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
SD-G50 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1829, to combat the sexual exploitation of children by supporting victims and promoting accountability and transparency by the tech industry, and the nominations of Stanley Woodward, Jr., of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney General, Thomas Gaiser, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Joseph Edlow, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, John Squires, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Ronald A. Parsons, Jr., of South Dakota, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota for the term SH-216 10 a.m.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Benjamin DeMarzo, of Virginia, and Craig Trainor, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Jovan Jovanovic, of Pennsylvania, to be President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2029, Francis Brooke, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and David Peters, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary.
SD-538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Coast Guard, Maritime, and Fisheries To hold hearings to examine conflicts over ocean resources.
SR-253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department SD-215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be National Cyber Director, Robert Law, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, James Percival, of Florida, to be General Counsel, and Sean Plankey, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, all of the Department of Homeland Security, Kevin Rhodes, of Florida, to be Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, Office of Management and Budget, and James Woodruff II, of Florida, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
SD-342 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Luigi Rinaldi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic.
SD-419