Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, from a young age, Helena Nicole Rodriguez displayed leadership and charisma.
She lived a life of service in her church and helping the less fortunate in her community.
Growing up, Nicole was a leader and mentor to the youth congregation in her church.
While in high school at Gateway High School, she received awards and commendations for her academics.
She was also a member of the Gateway High School Osceola County District Champion Swim team in 2015.
Following high school, Nicole majored in marketing at the University.
While in college, she joined her father, Juan Jose Rodriguez, in the marketing department at Michael T. Gibson, P.A.
There, she founded the firm's social media efforts and served as the director for social media marketing.
While at UCF, Nicole was very active in politics.
leading voter registration drives and organizing UCF students to vote.
During this time, she also participated with her father on several charitable missions, including trips to Honduras, Ecuador, the Dominican Republic, and Mexico.
After graduation, Nicole was hired and worked for Marriott and Oracle, two Fortune 500 companies.
These positions took her to Hawaii and Austin, Texas.
While with Oracle, Nicole was instrumental in having the company engage in charitable endeavors to help the less fortunate in her community.
Prior to her passing, she left her position in management to dedicate more time to helping the less fortunate and volunteering at a homeless assistance program.
Nicole leaves a legacy of service and commitment to helping spread her faith and to helping the less fortunate.
Although she left us at a young age, the impact of her efforts will last a lifetime.
Many were touched by her kind spirit, her warm and affectionate smile, her deep faith in God, and her commitment to serving others.
She was loved and cherished by her family and friends.
While her life was short, her impact on this world was substantial.
Nicole's memory will live on through her friends and family.
Her contagious smile, her charisma, her personality, and her charitable heart will live on in our memories forever.