The boom and bust of this fiasco will inevitably have knock-ons for the supply chain.
How concerned is the Minister about that?
Also, how concerned is he about projects that were built on CfD securities but have not invoked the contracts and are now literally raking in the windfall of that act?
I do not quite follow the second part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, but I am happy to write to him on that topic.
West Somerset, as the Minister knows, is ideal for offshore wind.
I am interested to know why people did not bid in this round.
What were their reasons?
What can the Government do to learn the lessons of this round so that people like my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  can make sure that people are bidding in the next round?
We typically set out the key auction parameters in November, and those include the ceiling of what we will pay for particular technologies.
We do that based on our analysis of supply chain costs, and we also commission external analysis.
The most important data of all comes from individual auction rounds, and it is on that basis that we set the price parameters.
The industry warned us, as it does every year, that it wants us to pay more.
We always have to make a judgment call between making sure that we minimise—[Interruption.]
It would be so much easier to give my answer, Mr Speaker, if  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  would stop— Order.
I think that, as a man who was always happy to heckle from the Back Benches, the Minister deserves a little bit himself.
We set the prices, and we immediately learn from each auction.
One of the reasons for having an annual auction is that we can quickly adjust and, as I said, projects can then come into the next round with minimal delay.
The wind farm off Brighton has probably become as iconic as the pier itself, but the reality is that the Government’s failure will delay the construction of more of these beautiful installations around our coast.
Is this failure not also a failure of the market-based private investment system that this Government are determined to pursue, rather than a publicly owned and co-ordinated building programme that can work alongside private investment so that we no longer have this failure where nobody bids?