As  the hon.
Member for Waveney (Peter Aldous)  pointed out, chaos in our courts continues.
Now, 500 security guards have voted for strike action after a pay offer worth just 38p an hour above the minimum wage.
Peter Slator, chairman of OCS, which employs the guards, says in his annual review: “This was an exceptional year where our colleagues went above and beyond to deliver reliable, high-quality services for our customers around the world in the most challenging circumstances.
The reliability and resilience of our frontline colleagues during the pandemic has been exceptional.”
I am sure the Minister will agree that the Government should pay Mr Slator’s company enough for him to deliver fair pay.
Will he intervene to stop further chaos in our courts?
Our courts are not in chaos.
[Interruption.]
I am sure that if the hon.
Gentleman took the time to talk to all partners across the criminal justice system, they would bear that out.
All elements of the criminal justice system, in whatever role they play, continue to ensure that it works smoothly.
The pay award is a matter for the private sector employer; I will not intervene.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on justice.
I am pleased to say that the inaugural meeting of the inter-ministerial group on justice is taking place this afternoon, chaired by Lord Bellamy and attended by the Scottish Government Cabinet Secretary for Justice, Angela Constance MSP, as well the Counsel General for Wales, Mick Antoniw MS.
That new forum has been established by an agreement between the four nations of the UK.
It has discussed justice issues of mutual interest.
I rise as a convinced devolutionist.
In fact, I think I am the only Member of this place whose signature is on the Claim of Right for Scotland.
As and when a new law is agreed in Edinburgh or Cardiff, say, what mechanism is in place to ensure that any such new law will not disrupt either England or other parts of the United Kingdom?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
We have more recently seen the Scottish Government attempt to railroad the rest of the UK on gender recognition.
It is better when our legislatures work in tandem for the benefit of all parties, not when Scotland tries to disrupt other parts of the United Kingdom with ill-thought out legislation.