It is a pleasure to speak during what I hope are the final stages of the Bill.
Given that nearly all the Bills on which I have spoken up to now have been money Bills, this business of “coming back from the Lords” and scrutinising Lords amendments has not been part of my experience, so if I get anything wrong, I apologise.
Like other Members, I want to begin by thanking a number of people and organisations, including the Mental Health Foundation, Carnegie UK, the Internet Watch Foundation, the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children and two researchers for the SNP, Aaron Lucas and Josh Simmonds-Upton, for all their work, advice, knowledge and wisdom.
I also join the hon.
Members for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) and for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage) in thanking the families involved for the huge amount of time and energy—and the huge amount of themselves—that they have had to pour into the process in order to secure  these changes.
This is the beginning of the culmination of all their hard work.
It will make a difference today, and it will make a difference when the Bill is enacted.
Members in all parts of the House will do what we can to continue to scrutinise its operation to ensure that it works as intended, to ensure that children are kept as safe as possible online, and to ensure that Ofcom uses these powers to persuade platforms to provide the information that they will be required to provide following the death of a child about that child’s use of social media.
The Bill is about keeping people safe.
It is a different Bill from the one that began its parliamentary journey, I think, more than two years ago.
I have seen various Ministers leading from the Dispatch Box during that time, but the voices around the Chamber have been consistent, from the Conservative, Labour and SNP Benches.
All the Members who have spoken have agreed that we want the internet to be a safer place.
I am extremely glad that the Government have made so many concessions that the Opposition parties called for.
I congratulate the hon.
Member for Pontypridd on the inclusion of violence against women and girls in the Bill.
She championed that in Committee, and I am glad that the Government have made the change.
Another change that the Government have made relates to small high-risk platforms.
Back in May or June last year I tabled amendments 80, 81 and 82, which called for that categorisation to be changed so that it was not based just on the number of users.
I think it was the hon.
Member for Gosport who mentioned 4chan, and I have mentioned Kiwi Farms a number of times in the Chamber.
Such organisations cannot be allowed to get away with horrific, vile content that encourages violence.
They cannot be allowed a lower bar just because they have a smaller number of users.
The National Risk Register produced by the Cabinet Office—great bedtime reading which I thoroughly recommend—states that both the risk and the likelihood of harm and the number of people on whom it will have an impact should be taken into account before a decision is made.
It is therefore entirely sensible for the Government to take into account both the number of users, when it is a significant number, and the extremely high risk of harm caused by some of these providers.
It is a pleasure to follow the first three speeches—yours, Mr Speaker, and those of the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House.
One distinguished Under Clerk of the Parliaments—otherwise known as the Clerk of the Commons—was John Hatsell.
In Orlo Williams’s great book, “The Clerical Organisation of the House of Commons 1661-1850”, Hatsell is described as attracting the confidence of leading politicians “by his sympathetic understanding, though he was no sycophant of those in power.”
I think that is the right role for the Clerk and for those they lead in the Clerks department.
Sir John drew the attention of a commentator in the Press Gallery three years ago.
A Member of a particular party complained that, if everyone had to stay six feet —or two metres—apart, there would not possibly be room for all SNP Members to perch in their usual seats.
The commentator wrote: “The clerk, with the smallest flash of weariness, said most problems could be resolved by ‘common sense and everyone behaving in a grown-up way’.
Common sense and grown-up behaviour?
We may need to keep an eye on Clerk Benger.”
They added that Sir John was “a model clerk: circumspect, bookish, fair…in the best sense, a modest public servant.”
I think that that is the kind of reputation that each person joining the Clerks department would wish to have, whether or not they achieve the highest office.
Sir John was, in his academic life, an expert on Martin Marprelate’s tracts, which basically mocked the Church of England.
The style is described as “a heady mixture of nonsense, satire, protest, irony and gossip, combined with pungent wit, full of the language of the street”— or unparliamentary language.
Were Sir John’s predecessor, Sir David Natzler, here, he would say that the tracts were good preparation for the intrigue, deception and vituperation a member of the House of Commons Commission had to get used to in the old days.
Mr Speaker, let me use the words of your predecessor, John Bercow, who said that the Clerk’s department was “unstinting, selfless, formidable and…quite exceptional.”
He went on to say that a good Clerk is “Blessed with a brilliant brain, an understated manner, unfailing courtesy, and an absolute and undiluted passion for Parliament”.—[Official Report,  13 February 2019 ; Vol. 654, c. 921.]
Following his retirement as Clerk, Sir Thomas Erskine May—who, like Sir John, spent time in the Library as well as in the Clerks’ department—went on to become Baron Farnborough of Hampshire, and he held that role for six days before he died, making it the second shortest peerage.
I hope that Sir John’s time at St Catharine’s is longer and that, when he gets to Cambridge, he will understand what it is like to be a member of the Denis Thatcher society, married to a person more important than you are.
His wife, Professor Susan, is an expert Anglo-Saxonist.
I refer those who are interested to her Chadwick memorial lecture in 2017 on uncertain beginnings.
I think the Clerk arriving in Cambridge will not be uncertain.
As the 40th master of St Catharine’s, I hope he has as good a time as we hope he has had with us, and we thank him for his service.