I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend
and again I express my sincere condolences to the families of Zara Aleena, Terri Harris, Connie Gent and John and Lacey Bennett.
We have increased probation staff in the London area by 4.5% over the last year, and that includes 270 trainee probation officers in post.
The service has accepted all the chief inspector’s recommendations in respect of the two appalling cases that my right hon.
Friend mentioned, and it is implementing robust action plans, especially with regard to improving risk assessments.
Whether he has held recent discussions with the Welsh Government on developing community-based alternatives to imprisonment for female offenders serving short sentences.
Ministers engage regularly with colleagues in the Welsh Government, including discussions on female offenders and alternatives to custody.
Both Governments work closely on delivering the “Women’s justice blueprint for Wales” on female offending.
Short sentences for women often do more harm than good, reinforcing trauma and leading to further reoffending.
In 2022, two thirds of sentences for immediate custody for women were for less than 12 months.
It is anticipated that 1,000 more women will be in prison by 2026.
How does the Secretary of State  justify the growing female prison population and the use of short sentences, given Wales’s ambition to divert as many women as possible away from prison?
The women’s population in prison has come down, and sentencing is a matter for the judiciary and not something in which the Government intervene.
It is important that suitable alternatives to custody are available, and I join the right hon.
Lady in paying tribute to the people running women’s centres, for example, which do a fantastic job specifically for women, as well as to the broader set of alternative and community sentence options.
It is important that we make sure we continue to work on those, including working together with the Welsh Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I have been asked to reply on behalf of the Lord Chancellor, who has been in Riga attending a Council of Europe meeting, where a political declaration was signed on support for the Ukrainian justice system.
He is sorry not to be here for these oral questions, and he has asked me to convey to the House his thanks to the Metropolitan police for their quick work in finding and returning Daniel Khalife to custody.
The independent investigation that the Lord Chancellor commissioned must now get to the bottom of this serious breach.
Since the last oral questions, the Government have also announced that we will make whole life orders the expectation in sentencing where they can be applied.
We have also outlined plans to order the worst offenders to attend court for their sentencing hearings.
We want to ensure that the worst offenders receive their sentences in the full glare of the courtroom, and that victims have the opportunity to set out the impact the crime has had on them.
With Government spending for housing legal aid falling in the past decade from £44 million to £20 million and the spending for disrepair cases falling from nearly £4 million to just over £1 million, it is not a moment too soon that the Government have begun to restore some legal aid with the housing loss prevention advice service.
Due to the Government’s disastrous Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, many housing legal aid providers shut up shop, leaving 42% of the population of England and Wales without a single provider in their local authority area and 84% with no access to welfare legal aid.
What recent analysis has the Minister made of legal aid deserts, and what steps is he taking to remedy the situation?
We are putting more money into legal aid and criminal legal aid following the independent review.
Specifically on housing, which the hon.
Lady mentioned, we are injecting an additional £10 million from  1 August .
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had across government to make sure that the  sentencing for those convicted of dangerous cycling is equalised with the sentencing guidelines for those convicted of dangerous driving?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who I know takes a keen interest in this issue.
The safety of our roads is a key objective for the Government, and protecting all road users is a priority.
Like all road users, cyclists have a duty to behave in a safe and responsible manner.
While laws are in place for cyclists, they are old and it can be difficult to successfully prosecute offences.
That is why Department for Transport colleagues are considering bringing forward legislation to introduce new offences concerning dangerous cycling to tackle those rare instances where victims have been killed or seriously injured by irresponsible cycling behaviour.