As ever, my hon.
Friend is well-informed.
We are working on all those fronts.
FLOWMIS applications closed just two weeks ago, and we are working flat out to analyse them.
I hope that by the end of the year we will have shortlisted to the primary list and those schemes will move forward to due diligence, as we take forward not only our floating wind deployment, but the supply chain in the south-west, Wales, Scotland and around the rest of the UK.
We are working on all those fronts and are determined to do that.
As she rightly highlights, seeing our first geothermal projects come through the CfD is fantastic, as are the 11 tidal projects.
I pay tribute to all colleagues who have worked so hard to promote tidal energy and make sure that we continue to be a world leader in that as well.
This is an embarrassment for the Government and shows that we are falling further and further behind in the race for green jobs internationally.
We have the lowest growth in these industries among the eight biggest economies.
Should the Government not be focusing much more on broadening and increasing the capacity of offshore wind, rather than not listening to industry and making fatal errors?
If the Labour party is not nationalising or creating some state-owned behemoth, it wants just to hurl money in the direction of business.
Our judgment is to balance those things and I am pleased to say that we have been successful; we have the largest offshore wind sector in Europe.
This country and this Government, through the CfDs, transformed the economics from the situation we inherited after the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North and his colleagues had been in power.
Delivering on the floating offshore wind project in the Celtic sea is vital for our energy security and decarbonisation.
Does the Minister agree that we now need to bolster confidence in this emerging industry?
There are two things he can do.
Does he agree that a successful allocation of FLOWMIS money to the south Wales ports in order to get this industry moving is vital?
Does he also agree that we need to ensure that the Crown Estate’s leasing round at the end of the year is done successfully, but with more than 4 GW of visibility, in order to send a strong market signal to the industry to invest?
My right hon.
Friend is also someone who, through thick and thin, promotes that industry and sees the opportunity it offers Wales.
He makes a special bid for the Welsh ports, as I would expect him to do, but he will understand that I can make no comment on that.
I entirely agree with him on the importance of the Crown Estate round.
Suffice it to say that across Government we have been working flat out, with his and other colleagues’ support, to support the Crown Estate to ensure that we maximise the opportunity in the Celtic sea.
The Government’s obsession with oil and gas has left us in this mess.
The Department has prioritised new oil and gas licences over support for wind power, which flies in the face of our climate change commitments and our responsibilities to UK citizens—our constituents—to keep energy prices  low.
Oil and gas will always be more expensive than wind energy.
When will the Minister fill the gap of 5 GW of offshore wind that we have now missed out on, which would have saved consumers £2 billion a year?
I am not talking about the sixth auction round—I am talking about the fifth one, where we have missed out now.
The hon.
Lady is completely mistaken.
We are working flat out both to reduce demand for fossil fuels in this country and to build up our renewables.
I would hope she would celebrate the fact that we have the largest offshore wind sector in Europe.
The Government have long been warned that their focus on CfDs as the primary mechanism for financing new renewables risks undermining investor confidence in infrastructure assets with long lifespans but significant up-front capital costs, such as nuclear and tidal range generation.
Following the Government’s decision to employ a regulated asset base model to support the development of new nuclear, will the Minister now commit to looking urgently at the optimum financial model for new tidal range projects, which could make a crucial contribution to the future UK energy mix?
The CfD scheme is among the most successful, if not the most successful, of its sort in the world.
We always look at ways in which we can improve it.
We are looking at bringing in non-price factors as we finesse it, but the Opposition party’s idea of some state-run enterprise, squeezing out private investment, would destroy the opportunities going forward.
We need at least another £100 billion to be invested by 2030 and if the Labour party ever did threaten to come into power, it would put all that at risk.
On Teesside, we have been promised thousands of jobs in the offshore wind industry, but investors are getting a little nervous as a direct result of Government failures to provide the right business environment.
What will the Minister do to get the business environment right to deliver the jobs we have been promised, which are being put in jeopardy by Government failures?
We are getting that balance right and we will continue to do so.
Making sure that we look after the consumer is always my guiding light, and we balance that with getting the generation we need.
We have seen companies such as SeAH investing in Teesside and Sumitomo looking at investing in Scotland— They are getting nervous— As the hon.
Gentleman decries this and talks both the area and the nation down, he then tells me that investors are getting nervous.
If he were to champion all the successes we have had instead of decrying them, he might find that he would give investors even more confidence still.
I do not agree with the policy that the Minister pursues.
His net zero policy is disastrous and has been costly in terms of electricity prices and future planning.
However, I feel  some sympathy for him today.
He is being criticised by those who have highlighted high energy prices for not offering inflated prices to the wind industry, which claims that producing wind energy is getting cheaper but of course wants higher prices.
As it was not offered that, it would not bid in the auction.
Is the real reason for this not that for the first time he has refused to allow those who bid to walk away from their CfD agreements, to price electricity at whatever price they want and therefore to have inflated profits?
Does that not indicate to him that the wind industry knows it cannot produce electricity cheaply and wants the system balanced in its favour?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I do not see eye to eye on net zero or on the economic benefits of the wind industry.
It does offer cost-effectiveness.
It has been amazing to see how as it is scaled, it has been able to bring the price down.
It was not obvious when we went out into the North sea that we would be able to bring the price crashing down, yet this country led the world in doing that.
If he looks at the numbers, I hope he will find that the whole of this House can agree on one thing: offshore wind is an economic way of producing energy, and one that all of us should support.
Last week, the think-tank Common Wealth made the critical point: “Reliance on market coordination leaves the transition vulnerable to the demands of private capital”.
It is abundantly clear that private capital cannot deliver what is urgently required to stem the climate crisis.
In Wales, the Welsh Government know that, which is why, over the summer, they launched the community-owned renewable energy company, Ynni Cymru.
Does the Minister agree that that is what is required, and what action is he taking to address this?