Prison leavers in employment training are less likely to reoffend.
That means that education and training for young offenders in prison is crucial.
Will the Minister say why the Government have failed so far to implement a new prison education service?
It was promised in their party’s manifesto in 2019.
Implementing it in 2025 is too little, too late.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in welcoming the hon.
Lady to her place and similarly look forward to working with her.
I can bring her good news.
First, there is an education service operating in every prison, with four contracted providers.
We also have additional provision that governors can put in place, but for the new service that she mentions—it was indeed a manifesto commitment—the process is well under way.
I look forward to being able to make further announcements before long.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
The crimes associated with VAWG are abhorrent, which is why we have already taken significant action to strengthen the criminal justice system’s response to it, including for example through our end-to-end rape review, driving up prosecutions, and the introduction of new protections for victims through the landmark Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
Much has been done, but we are ambitious in wanting to go further.
I understand what the Minister is saying, but it takes two years or more for rape cases to come to court, and 69% of victims withdraw from the cases before they come to trial.
Has the Minister had the chance to look at our proposal for specialist rape courts in every Crown court in the country?
I crave your indulgence, Mr Speaker.
May I take this opportunity to pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) , who shadowed me for some time, and to  the hon.
Member for Lewisham West and Penge (Ellie Reeves) , who also did so?
I wish them both well, although given the latter’s election co-ordination role, hopefully not too well.
It remains our priority to deliver swifter access to justice for victims of rape.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, the experience of attending court is incredibly difficult for them.
That is why we have committed to increasing the number of independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers to more than  1,000 over the next three years.
In June 2022, we announced our ambitious specialist sexual violence support project in three Crown courts, aimed at improving facilities and technology.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s specific question, I would urge a degree of caution on those proposals.
Listing is a judicial prerogative, and it is important we retain flexibility in the use of the court estate to maximise the use of courts and judges’ time for a range of offences and to meet the needs of the courts.
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse recognised the issues with the criminal justice system and said: “The length of time taken to investigate and prosecute child sexual abuse cases was…a matter of significant concern.
Delay within the criminal justice system can add to the harm caused by sexual abuse”.
The experience of a constituent I am helping suggests that is still the case.
What mandatory training for court, judicial and other criminal justice is available to ensure that they appropriately support people who have been subject to this abuse?
It is nice to see the hon.
Lady in her place and it is always a pleasure to answer questions from her.
She highlights an important issue raised by IICSA and historic and current child sexual abuse.
It is worth remembering that the investigation of such crimes can be lengthy because of the complexities of the crimes and of obtaining evidence.
While training for the judiciary and courts is a matter for the judiciary and the Judicial College rather than for the Government, we have been investing in training, as have police forces, across a range of specialisms, including handling child sexual abuse cases.
It is important that they are handled with sensitivity and with an understanding of the impact that the trauma has had on those who are victims, and indeed also those who are witnesses.
She touched on a specific case and I am happy to engage with her outwith the Chamber if that would be helpful.
According to the latest research, rape charges are taking longer to be brought forward; the average time a victim has to wait for their attacker to be charged—just charged—is now 400 days, over a year.
That is disgraceful, and the situation is getting worse.
When will Ministers speed up the process and give women, girls and all victims of rape across England and Wales the justice they deserve?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the importance of timeliness.
One of the key aims of Operation Soteria—the new model for investigating rape and serious sexual offences that is being rolled out to all police forces in the coming months—is to improve timeliness.
Investigations in this space are, of necessity, often complex and can take a long time.
The number of rape convictions is at or around the level it was in 2010.
Now, the number of cases passed by the police to the Crown Prosecution Service for charge is up 130%.
The number of cases charged is up more than 90%, and the number of cases received in the Crown court is up by more than 120%.
Much has been achieved, but she is right to highlight that there is always more that we can and should do in this important space.
To tackle violence against women and girls, we need a criminal justice system that works.
Part of that is having laws that are up to date to deal with the issues that women face today.
I had the pleasure of working with my right hon.
Friend the Minister on amendments to the Online Safety Bill that will make it a criminal offence to post intimate images online without consent, but he, I and others know that there are still gaps in the law when it comes to the making of those images.
Will he give us an indication of when the Government intend to bring forward further legislation, not only to deal with that, but to keep online safety under constant review?
It has been a pleasure to work with my right hon.
Friend on those amendments to the Online Safety Bill, which returns to the Commons today.
She is right to highlight the rapidly changing environment that we are legislating for and the need therefore to keep things under constant review.
Although she tempts me, I shall resist the temptation to speculate on a forthcoming King’s Speech or any future legislative announcements.
What I will say, which I hope will give her some reassurance, is that we have been clear that, as soon as legislative time can be found, the Government are committed to implementing the full package of measures in the Law Commission report.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the performance of prisons in Wakefield constituency.
The most recent annual prison performance ratings for 2022-23 were published in July.
His Majesty’s Prison and Young Offender Institution New Hall was rated a 2, which is a matter of concern.
HMP Wakefield was rated a 4, or outstanding.
His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons inspected HMP Wakefield last year and had several concerns, including many that remained unaddressed since its previous visit.
Those concerns included infrastructure that is in such a poor condition that it needs investment, insufficient healthcare staff, a lack of mental health interventions and too few activity places.
The prison leadership and staff continue to do the right thing and should be praised, but when will the Minister play his part and get our prisons back on track?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about the inspectorate of prisons reports, which are a very important part of our system and help to hold the Prison Service and us to account.
In the case of Wakefield, as he mentions, it was judged a 3, which is reasonably good, for safety, for respect and for rehabilitation and release planning.
There was more to do on purposeful activity, which I readily accept is a theme we have seen in a number of reports from different prisons over time, particularly since covid.
The inspector also mentioned the strong leadership at the prison and that the prison was settled.
We need to continue to make progress, but I join the hon.
Gentleman in playing tribute to the leadership at that prison and throughout our Prison Service, and to all the brilliant staff who make it what it is.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog of criminal court cases.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and we remain committed to working with our partners across the criminal justice system to try to ensure that court processes are as efficient as possible.
We have introduced a raft of measures to achieve that aim, including allowing courts for a third year in a row to sit for an unlimited number of days, with extended use of 24 Nightingale courtrooms.
In addition, we have opened two permanent super-courtrooms in Manchester and Loughborough and are recruiting an additional 1,000 judges across all jurisdictions.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that reply.
In Suffolk, the backlog of criminal court cases remains stubbornly high, which is not only denying victims justice, but placing a huge burden on the police and costing the local taxpayer a fortune.
Working with Suffolk’s police and crime commissioner Tim Passmore, can my hon.
Friend produce a comprehensive and bespoke plan that first clears the backlog, and then sets out a long-term strategy for the efficient functioning of the courts in the county?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that in Suffolk the disposals to March 2023 were up by 23% on the previous quarter, while the outstanding case loads slightly reduced in the same period.
That reflects the hard work that is done with our partners to ensure that we get through the case load as fast as possible.
We continue to work with the judiciary to identify how we can get the high workload moving more smoothly.
Across the Department, and working with our partners, the Crown court improvement group continues to look at best practice and the local criminal justice board will always look at best practice across the country to see what we can do to ensure that his area continues to perform.
Is the Minister aware that the criminal courts are full of cases relating to joint enterprise, a terrible miscarriage of justice?
Will he and the Justice team promise to meet me and the campaigning group JENGbA—Joint Enterprise Not Guilty by Association—to see whether we can clear the justice system of the many people who should never have been in the courts?
The hon.
Gentleman has campaigned on that issue for some time, and I have met his colleague,  the hon.
Member for Edmonton (Kate Osamor) , to discuss it.
The data collection does not support the identification of cases relating to joint enterprise, but I understand that the Crown Prosecution is now doing an exercise on better data collection to see whether the issue that he continues to raise, quite rightly, is borne out by the data, and we can see what action we might take to address any injustices.