Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I suspect the Minister might anticipate what I am going to ask him because I am beginning to think the Department should be renamed the Department for Justice Delayed.
Labour proposed that we change the law on attending sentencing back in 2022, and just last month the Leader of the Opposition said that we were prepared to amend the relevant legislation if there  was no action, so why is it taking so long for the Government to intervene on behalf of victims and their families?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman and may I take the opportunity to welcome him to his place?
I suspect there will occasionally be to-and-fros across this Chamber, but I hope there will also be opportunities, where we are in agreement, to work constructively together.
We have been clear on our intention to bring forward appropriate legislation to reinforce the existing powers the judiciary has in this respect, but it is important that we get this right and that it builds in that degree of judicial discretion, because there may be some circumstances where victims would not wish to see the offender in court for sentencing because it would be deeply distressing or deeply disruptive.
So it is important that we get this right.
We are determined to do that, but we will work through the detail to make sure it is robust and effective.
How many staff vacancies there are in prisons in England and Wales.
We have recently seen indications of an improving national staffing picture in prisons, with an increase of 700 full-time equivalent bands 3 to 5 prison officers and youth justice workers in the year to June 2023.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer, but the damning report into HMP Woodhill, just adjacent to my constituency, was clear that staff shortages were a huge factor in the serious issues that prison faces.
It is equally well known that HMP Spring Hill and HMP Grendon in my constituency have faced recruitment challenges.
In that light, if we cannot staff the prisons that we do have, surely it is unworkable to carry on with my right hon.
Friend’s totally unwanted plans to build a new mega-prison in my constituency and that planning appeal should be withdrawn.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who takes a close interest in these matters, and rightly so, particularly on behalf of his constituents who are prison officers and other staff in and around his constituency.
I can assure him we are working urgently to address the findings and the urgent notification at Woodhill.
I think we will come on to that a little later in questions from hon.
Friends.
The Lord Chancellor will, as ever, be publishing an action plan by the end of the month.
We also have active recruitment campaigns in place for Grendon and Spring Hill and are seeking to increase numbers by incentivised recruitment.
What recent assessment he has made of conditions at magistrates courts.
I recognise that there continues to be work to be done to improve conditions in some magistrates courts for the users, and that is why we have boosted the capital investment programme to £220 million over the   next two years to March 2025 to improve the quality and enhance the resilience of the court and tribunal estate, allowing us to plan major projects much more in advance and with certainty.
The improvements will ensure that those on the frontline of the justice system will benefit from buildings that are more accessible and sustainable.
We speak of access to justice meaning the availability of legal advice and representation but, for too many older and disabled people, physical access to justice through the magistrates courts in particular is well-nigh impossible because the buildings themselves are not fit for purpose.
Actually, “not fit for purpose” was the term used to describe the magistrates courts in the Secretary of State’s constituency by the former police and crime commissioner.
Do we not need more swift action to remedy the problem than the Minister has outlined?
I took quite a bit of time to read the report from the Magistrates Association on inaccessible courts to ensure that, where we can make reasonable adjustments, we make them, and that where we need to make more substantial investment to make the courts more accessible, particularly to make them compliant with the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, we do so and those works are prioritised.
We continue to work on new courts, as in Blackpool and the City of London, to ensure that the estate is modernised and we have courts that are accessible and fit for purpose.
The point is well made and it is in hand.
What training is provided to magistrates to help ensure impartial decision making.
To preserve the independence of the judiciary, the Lord Chief Justice has a statutory responsibility for the training of the judiciary under the Constitutional Reform Act 2005, and that includes magistrates and their legal advisers.
Magistrates, and the legal advisers who support them in court, must complete induction training before hearing cases and, once magistrates are sitting, continuation training is provided on regular cycles.
Impartial decision making is woven throughout all the material.