From the outset of my speech, I would like to thank my family for the encouragement and strength they have given me on my journey to this place.
Without their unwavering support, I would not have become a local councillor and then an MP.
It is with gratitude, and with enormous pride at being elected as the first ever Member of Parliament for Alloa and Grangemouth, that I take my turn to address the Chamber.
I also take this opportunity to highlight my respect for all the candidates who were on the ballot paper.
I admire anyone who wants to dedicate themselves to public service, and I pay special tribute to Mr John Nicolson.
Those hon.
Members who were re-elected to this place a few weeks ago will all know that Mr Nicholson’s sartorial elegance was matched by his trademark eloquence in this Chamber and in representing the constituents he served with great distinction.
With the Forth running through Alloa and Grangemouth, many people on both sides of the river felt it was not a natural constituency, but when we look at the communities and towns that make it up, our new constituency makes perfect sense.
Clackmannanshire, being the smallest county in Scotland, is affectionately known as “the wee county,” but be under no illusion: although it is small in size, it is mighty in its industrial heritage.
Industry is a tradition that stretches right across our constituency.
Alva and Tillicoultry were the home of luxury woollen mills.
Both run along the foot of the impressive and beautiful local hills, as does Menstrie, the westernmost village of the three, which is synonymous with yeast manufacturing —vital, of course, for one of Scotland’s national drinks.
Indeed, alcohol production has been a fixture in Alloa for decades, and it was once regarded as Scotland’s brewery town, but sadly nowadays only a few remain.
Crossing the Forth, we leave Scotland’s brewery town behind and come to Grangemouth, which was once known as Scotland’s boom town.
The Grangemouth refinery started operating in 1924.
This being the centenary year means that it should really be a time of great celebration, but it has been announced that refining oil in Grangemouth is to stop—possibly as soon as May 2025.
What happens next to the Grangemouth refinery will reverberate around all our constituencies.
Oil will be part of the energy mix for years to come—that is a fact—but we also know that we need to accelerate the cleaner, greener energy industries that will combat climate issues, lower our bills, increase national security and reindustrialise communities.
The term “just transition” has entered the modern lexicon, but many people I spoke with while out campaigning did not know what it actually means.
It simply means moving from one industry to another without leaving workers and their communities behind to deal with devastating economic and social consequences.
Historically, many workers in Alloa and Grangemouth have been victims of deindustrialisation and so-called market forces in a system that has valued profits over people and created a society of gross inequality.
We are at a crossroads.
We know what will happen if Grangemouth stops refining before a new industrial cluster is ready.
It would mean that hundreds of workers lose their jobs, workers and families have to leave their communities in search of work, and the pubs, cafés and shops of Grangemouth all lose custom.
Allowing a gap between ceasing refining and the new greener energies being operational is as unfair as it is unpalatable.
Grangemouth cannot go from being boom town to ghost town.
In the past few weeks, my Government colleagues have engaged with the union, the companies involved with the refinery and the Scottish Government, and we are committed to exhausting all possibilities of making Grangemouth the site that we all need it to be.
My constituency is called Alloa and Grangemouth, but it is also my honour to represent Larbert, Stenhousemuir and many surrounding villages across both the Falkirk and Clackmannanshire council areas.
As a football fan, it would be remiss of me not to mention one of Sauchie’s favourite sons: multiple European cup winner, Scottish internationalist and respected pundit Alan Hansen.
I know that the House will join me in expressing relief at his recovery from a recent health scare.
It would also be remiss of me not to congratulate Stenhousemuir football club—the Warriors—on their league championship win last season.
I am very much looking forward to the Alloa and Grangemouth constituency derby between Alloa Athletic and Stenhousemuir FC in league one next year.
On the subject of sport, before coming to this place I was a golf professional.
It might not seem it at first, but being a golf professional has transferable skills for being an MP.
The building of relationships, the creation of rapport, serving people and trying to improve things for them are skills that will stand me in good stead in this place—also, working in golf for 23 years has got me used to dealing with Tories.
Working in golf was fantastic: it took me to places that I would never have been and allowed me to speak with people I would never have met.
We truly are richer when we encounter people from other parts of the world and learn about their culture and customs.
That applies not just when we go to different places; it also benefits us here in Britain when we welcome people into our communities.
Our communities need action that improves people’s lives and gives them not just hope but the route out of struggle.
Rest assured, I will work with local businesses, charities and third-sector organisations in my constituency, and with UK Government colleagues and counterparts  from the Scottish Government, to deliver the change that people need.
I know that my voice carries the necessary weight to bring about that change—not because of who I am, but because of the position I hold.
The people of Alloa and Grangemouth have given me the responsibility to use my voice, and I intend to do so for the benefit of everyone from every community across the constituency that I am so proud to represent.
It is my honour to stand in this Chamber as the Member of Parliament for the beautiful town of Cheltenham, and it is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) .
I heartily commend what he said about Alan Hansen, who I watched on television on many occasions as a young football fan.
Since last summer, when my wife returned to work after maternity leave, I have been enjoying the unusual combined roles of wannabe Member of Parliament and stay-at-home dad.
They tell me it is a job requiring endless patience, a great deal of tolerance, the ability to understand almost inhuman forms of communication and boundless enthusiasm for clearing up a never-ending supply of mess—and I hear a toddler can be tough, too.
I want to start by giving thanks to some of the people and groups that have made the past year so joyful for me: Baby Bounce and Rhyme at Cheltenham library, and in particular Heather, who leads the singing; Andrea and Mary at Highbury church playgroup; and Sophie at Little Notes.
My experiences over the past year have reinforced my views about the challenges I already knew so many parents face, and I have met many new parents in the corridors over the past couple of weeks.
I will always speak up in this place for children, including my own offspring—so, Elodie, if you are at home watching me droning on, please tell Granny to put “The Wiggles” on instead.
I offer my sincere thanks to the former Justice Secretary, Alex Chalk, the first Member of Parliament for Cheltenham to serve in Cabinet.
Conservative Members should note his wise words on the prison population: that we should follow the evidence, not the dogma.
But such praise for my predecessor is perhaps best communicated through the words of one member of House staff, who upon being introduced to me as Alex’s replacement, responded with a line that really hit home and will last with me forever: “Oh, that’s a shame.
He was nice.”
Luckily, I am not easily offended, and I will try to be nice too.
I also thank two of my political mentors, Martin Horwood and Nigel Jones.
Both are past MPs for Cheltenham who made an indelible impact on me and on our town.
My predecessors knew what I know: that Cheltenham is full of big-hearted people whose community spirit and love of hospitality, the arts and culture make it a special place to be.
We have so many festivals, including literature, horse racing, poetry, music, jazz, food, cricket and science—I could go on—that we are known as the festival town.
We live in a food and drink paradise: we have excellent pubs, bars, cafes and restaurants, as well as the DEYA brewery and Dunkertons cider.
We are the home of Holst, of Superdry and of the polar explorer  Edward Wilson, but there is more.
Local historians record that Cheltenham was the site of the first parachute descent.
In 1838, John Hampton jumped out of a hot air balloon 9,000 feet above the town and glided to earth under an umbrella-like contraption.
At this point, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  might be getting too excited, so I will leave it there.
Cheltenham’s rich cultural tapestry is interwoven with generously proportioned parks and gardens, and is surrounded by beautiful Regency architecture and rolling hills.
It truly is a feast for all the senses, and our schools are first-rate, too.
Education is at the heart of our town’s values—it is on the town crest.
I am so proud to have been elected for the town I love at the second attempt.
That second-time success follows a trend in my relationship with Cheltenham.
First impressions are clearly not my thing, and they could have led to a very different path in my life.
In fact, my first job interview in Cheltenham—many years ago, when I had a full head of hair—was so bad that not only was I not offered the job, but when the boss called back weeks later, having apparently been turned down by all the other candidates, the starting salary had suffered a rapid cut of around 10%.
Members will know that that is a spending power reduction that even the former Member for South West Norfolk would struggle to match in her most strident moments.
I took the job anyway, of course, because you do not turn down the chance to move to Cheltenham.
I am proud to have already kept my first promise as a Member of Parliament.
I have joined the Robins Trust, which supports Cheltenham Town FC.
They remain a division ahead of Forest Green Rovers, despite being relegated last season—with my apologies to  the hon.
Member for Stroud (Dr Opher) .
I have led campaigns already to invest in affordable housing in Cheltenham, to fight climate change and to support food banks, because we have them.
It is a disgrace that a town as wealthy as Cheltenham has more than 700 people using food banks regularly.
We have a unique scheme in Cheltenham where food bank users also get free access to the leisure centre.
I would recommend that all Members try to roll that out in their area.
However, if there is one priority I will pursue relentlessly, it will be undoing the harm caused to our local health services these past few years.
Alongside the word “education”, our town crest also features the world “health”.
I will defend our local hospital, and I will campaign on primary care, too.
One matter of vital importance linking this place and Cheltenham is GCHQ.
Their work is secret and they never ask for our thanks, but thousands of people in Cheltenham work hard for us every single day.
If I may veer dangerously close to policy for a maiden speech, I was pleased to see that the cyber security and resilience Bill will be coming before Parliament.
This is a huge opportunity to update the UK’s cyber laws by reforming the Computer Misuse Act 1990, and that will help better defend our cyber-defenders who work so hard for us in Cheltenham.
It was with those issues and more in mind that I was accosted at Paddington station the night before my first day here.
I was lost in thought, and a tourist approached me and said, “Excuse me, Sir.
How do you get to  Westminster?”
I was of course delighted to be recognised by a member of the public so early in my political career, so I decided to give him the full benefit of my political story.
After about 15 minutes, I had been through all my best campaigns, my door-knocking technique, the best leaflets I have ever delivered, and I was just telling him about doing aqua aerobics with our leader, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston and Surbiton, in our iconic Sandford Park lido.
Sadly, I had got it wrong.
He interjected, “Sorry, friend; I just wanted to know which tube line to take.”
That is a cautionary tale for all new Members: let us not get ahead of ourselves.
We are here for our constituency first and foremost, and for me it will be Cheltenham first every time.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his excellent maiden speech, and I am pleased to follow him.
It is a great honour to be elected to this House to serve the people of Bridgwater.
I thank them for putting their trust in me.
Bridgwater is a most diverse constituency.
It combines the three historic towns of North Petherton, Burnham-on-Sea and Highbridge, and Bridgwater itself.
The constituency runs from the coastal villages of Berrow and Brean in the north to the villages of Nether Stowey and Enmore in the foothills of the Quantocks in the west and Middlezoy and Othery on the Somerset levels in the east.
The battle of Sedgemoor was fought near Westonzoyland in 1685.
It was the end of Monmouth’s rebellion and we should all be grateful that it was the last battle fought on English soil.
Bridgwater was one of the original boroughs to send elected Members to this House in 1295, although it is not an unbroken record.
In the 1868 general election the two Liberal candidates defeated the two Conservative candidates by just 44 votes.
Such was the evidence of bribery and corruption—on both sides, I must add—that the two MPs were unseated and the borough disenfranchised.
A royal commission later found that over £1,500, more than £200,000 in today’s money, had been spent on bribes.
Mr Deputy Speaker, I can assure you that I have paid particular care to my election expenses.
Bridgwater has a radical tradition.
One of our most famous sons is Admiral Robert Blake, regarded by many as the father of the Royal Navy.
He represented  both Bridgwater and Taunton in this House in the 17th century and fought on the side of Parliament in the civil war.
Another of my radical predecessors is Vernon Bartlett, who won the seat in the 1938 by-election in what at the time was a remarkable defeat of the Conservative Government.
He stood as an independent progressive, endorsed by both the Labour and Liberal parties, opposed to the Munich agreement.
In this country, we often credit Winston Churchill for his opposition to the policy of appeasement of Nazi Germany, but it is less remembered that the Labour party under Attlee, Bevin and Dalton was the strongest opponent of that disastrous policy.
I am sure that all Members, but especially Labour Members, will be mindful of their party’s proud history of opposing appeasement as this Government decide how to support Ukraine and how best to deter future Russian aggression in Europe.
I pay tribute to my predecessors from the two former constituencies that make up the new seat of Bridgwater.
James Heappey is the former Member for Wells.
He stood down at the last election, and he is well liked and respected in Burnham and Highbridge.
He served with distinction at the Ministry of Defence.
He was also a kind and helpful colleague when I was selected as a candidate, and I thank him for his service.
Ian Liddell-Grainger represented Bridgwater and West Somerset for 23 years and is remembered for the support he gave our rural communities following the terrible flooding in Somerset during the winter of 2013-14.
Ian visited the affected areas every week and persuaded David Cameron to visit Somerset to witness the devastation for himself.
It has not been forgotten that the former Prime Minister turned up without wellington boots.
Ian led the campaign for a barrage over the River Parrett, which is now in the early stages of construction.
I will continue his work to ensure we dredge our rivers and maintain our defences, so that we minimise the threat of flooding.
I also want to mention Tom King, now Lord King, who represented Bridgwater for 31 years, until 2001.
It is a mark of the respect and affection in which he is held that his name was mentioned so many times on the doorstep during my campaign.
Tom also wrote a helpful endorsement saying why people should vote for me, which only goes to show how wise he is.
Bridgwater is an industrial town.
It has many small businesses, and I will do all I can to support them.
We need to encourage entrepreneurial spirit, because that is how we create prosperity for all our citizens.
We welcome thousands of tourists every year to enjoy our beautiful Somerset coastline.
I want to encourage those tourists to spend longer in Somerset, to visit more of our beautiful countryside and to consume more of the excellent produce from our farmers and growers.
Bridgwater is also the home of the Guy Fawkes carnival, the UK’s oldest carnival, and one of the largest illuminated carnival processions in Europe.
Hundreds of volunteers work tirelessly to create this fantastic spectacle and to raise thousands of pounds for charity.
Much has been achieved for Bridgwater and for Somerset over the past 14 years.
Hinkley Point C is being constructed and will provide secure and low-carbon energy to the whole region for generations.
The electricity it produces will power Gravity, the smart campus where Agratas will build one of Europe’s largest gigafactories.
These two projects will provide jobs and opportunities  for years to come.
The town of Bridgwater was awarded £23 million under the previous Government’s town deal initiative.
That will fund many important local projects, including restoring our historic docks and refurbishing the arts centre and the town hall theatre, but there is more to do.
I will work with our new police and crime commissioner to tackle the antisocial behaviour that affects our towns.
I will campaign to protect Pawlett Hams and stop it being turned into an unwanted salt marsh by the Environment Agency.
I will keep the promise I made during the campaign to Aaron Reid, the headteacher of Haygrove school It is one of the top-performing schools in Somerset, but also one of three schools in England built by Caledonian Modular and now condemned as unsafe.
The last Government promised to rebuild Haygrove, and I trust that the new Government will honour that promise.
I will support the school as we work with the council and the new Government to find a solution that benefits the pupils and staff of Haygrove.
I am proud to have been elected by the people of Bridgwater.
I will serve them faithfully and to the best of my ability.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for allowing me the opportunity to give my maiden speech.
It is a privilege to follow so many excellent maiden speeches in this important debate.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater (Sir Ashley Fox)  on his powerful and witty speech.
I must also congratulate in particular my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman)  on his excellent speech, too.
As a former professional golfer, it is fitting that he won his seat on such a huge swing, and his brilliant speech showed us why.
The bar has been set intimidatingly high in this debate.