The Prime Minister talks about children.
Nearly 140,000 children are going to be homeless this Christmas—more than ever before.
That is a shocking state of affairs, and it should shame the Government.
Instead of more social housing, house building is set to collapse.
Instead of banning no-fault evictions, thousands of families are at risk of homelessness.
Rather than indulging his Back Benchers swanning around in their  factions and their “star chambers” pretending to be members of the mafia, when will he get a grip and focus on the country?
Let us just look at the facts.
Rough sleeping in this country is down by 35% since its peak, thanks to the efforts of this Government.
There are hundreds of thousands fewer children in poverty today, thanks to this Government.
And when it comes to home building, again what did we do?
We have had the data just this last week: in the last year an almost record number of new homes were delivered, more than in any year under the last Labour Government.
One hundred and forty thousand children homeless this Christmas and the Prime Minister is utterly tone deaf.
The rise in homelessness shows how these Tory crises merge and grow and damage the country; families like the Bradys in Wiltshire, both parents working full time with two young children forced out of their home of 15 years by a no-fault eviction, now living in their van.
Or 11-year-old Liam Walker, homeless this Christmas.
He wrote a letter to Santa saying, “Please can I have a forever home?
I don’t want any new toys, I just want all my old toys out of storage.
I just want us to be happy again.”
If there is anything that could shame this Government into putting the country first, then it is surely this little boy.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman really cared about building homes—[Interruption.]
No, if he really cared about building homes—when there was an opportunity in this House to back our plans to reform defective EU laws to unlock 100,000 new homes, what did he do?
He went in front of the cameras and said one thing, and then he came in here and blocked it—typical shameless opportunism.
Is that really the Prime Minister’s Christmas message to Liam?
Cocooned in his party management breakfast, he just cannot see the— Order.
Mr Cleverly, please.
It is Christmas.
I want a little bit of silence, and I am going to get it one way or another.
That applies to each side.
Cocooned in his party management breakfast, the Prime Minister just cannot see the country in front of him and what they have done.
I will finish by thanking hard-working families across Britain who kept our country going.
It has been an impossibly difficult year for so many.
I want to pay special tribute to our key workers, particularly those in emergency services and those serving abroad in our forces who, even at this time of year, are doing the vital work of protecting their country.
I wish everyone, including Members on the Conservative Benches, a very happy and peaceful new year.
Will the Prime Minister join me?
I think the right hon and learned Gentleman missed that I paid tribute to our emergency workers at the beginning of the session.
But let us see, because I think it is important.
He talked about working families.
Of course I want to make sure that we support working families, and that is what we are actually delivering.
All he has to offer them is borrowing £28 billion a year.
All that will do is push up their mortgage rates  and push up their taxes.
Meanwhile, what have we done?
We have delivered tax cuts for millions of working families, boosted the national living wage, recruited 50,000 more nurses and 20,000 more police officers, improved our schools, cut the cost of net zero for working families, cut the boat crossings by a third and halved inflation.
That is the difference: we are getting on and delivering for working Britain.
As the world struggles to agree the future of the 1.5° commitment, in Wimbledon we are keen to do our bit.
To help my campaign to make electric vehicle charging access more widespread, can I ask my right hon.
Friend for two early Christmas presents?
Will he speak to our right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to ask him to look again at the unfair differential rates of VAT on public and private charging points?
Will he ask our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to look at the byelaws that stop local councils making on-street parking and charging more accessible?
I am happy to tell my hon.
Friend that the Chancellor has already authorised more than £2 billion of investment to support our transition to zero-emission vehicles, and that we are well on track to reach our target of 300,000 charge points by 2030.
I can also tell him that we will consult on amending the national planning policy framework to ensure that it prioritises the roll-out of charge points, on top the funding of almost £400 million to support local authorities to spread them out so that all our families have access to them when they need it.