Mr Speaker, 121 MPs from across the House signed  my open letter to supermarkets, asking to have a “Buy British” button online.
I am pleased to announced that last week Morrisons was the first supermarket to implement a “Buy British” tab.
This gives consumers the choice to have home-grown produce and also  supports our farmers.
Will the Prime Minister join my calls to other supermarkets to have the courage to make the change and follow suit?
This Government will always back our farmers, and I welcome the work of my hon.
Friend and the National Farmers Union on this issue.
We absolutely support calls for industry-led action on this topic, and I welcome the news of the “Buy British” button at Morrisons.
We will continue to encourage all retailers to do all they can to showcase the incredible food produced right here in the United Kingdom.
The marriage plans of thousands of couples were dashed last week by the sudden announcement of a big increase in the salary requirement for a spouse visa.
Can the Prime Minister give any reassurance to those with well-advanced marriage plans that now appear to have been scuppered, and to families already in the UK who need to extend their stay but who will not comply with the new rules?
Can he at least offer some transitional help for families, or does his party’s support for the family now apply only to the highly paid?
We have a long-standing principle that anyone bringing dependants to the UK must be able to support them financially.
We should not expect this to be done at the taxpayer’s expense.
The threshold has not been raised in over a decade and it is right that we have now brought it in line with the median salary.
The family immigration route does contain provision for exceptional circumstances, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows, but more generally it is also right to look at transitional arrangements to ensure that they are fair, and I can tell him that the Home Office is actively looking at this and will set out further information shortly.
I make no apology for once again raising the issue of steel—[ “Hear, hear!”
] We are now at serious risk of losing the ability to make virgin steel here in the UK.
I know that the Government are working hard on this, but it is a matter of national security and we need the Prime Minister’s leadership on this issue.
What is he doing to ensure that we are able to make our own virgin steel and that we do not lose it on his watch?
I praise my hon.
Friend’s leadership in championing her local community and also the steel industry in the UK.
She is right to do so, because it is an incredibly important part not just of our local communities but of our economy and security.
She is right to put this issue on the agenda.
We are committed to working with the steel sector to secure a decarbonised future, supporting local economic growth and our levelling-up agenda.
That includes our commitment to major support with energy costs and also access to hundreds of millions of pounds of grants to support energy efficiency and decarbonisation.
I obviously cannot comment on conversations with individual companies, but my hon.
Friend can see from our track record on working with either Celsa or Tata Steel that we have been able to support our fantastic steel industry, and we will always continue to do so.
A rogue company has walked away from 13,000 tonnes of hazardous waste in Lancaster, and it has now been on fire for 10 days.
There are plumes of smoke covering our city.
Lancaster City Council has been left to pick up the tab, and to date it has spent £262,000.
Without Government support and intervention this fire will burn for several months, so will the Prime Minister provide my local council with swift Government support?