“The treatment of those armed forces personnel perceived to be LGBT between 1967 and 2000 has long been a stain on the conscience of the nation.”
It has also been a stain on the conscience of this place, so I welcome his statement today and the work of Lord Etherton.
The apologies the Minister spoke of are welcome, but they will never take away the hurt or the terrible impact on the lives of those affected by this institutional homophobia.
We must remember that while homosexuality was decriminalised in 1967, the ban on LGBT people in the armed forces remained for 33 more years.
That is three decades of additional harm.
The reality is that all our veterans deserve respect and proper support, and all the more so those ostracised and shamed in that way.
I recognise what the Minister said on reparations, but what assessment has he made of the adequacy of the reparations cap?
I wonder how that arbitrary cap on reparations payments will work, particularly when, as he said, we are asking people to come forward.
How can he set a cap at this stage?
He said he is throwing open the doors today, but that needs to be done in a way that is as easy as possible for people to navigate and that works for all those affected.
No one must be left behind.
My colleague Keith Brown MSP, himself a veteran, is leading a Members’ business debate in the Scottish Parliament today on Fighting With Pride.
I was pleased that the Minister spoke about Fighting With Pride and I would be keen to hear more about his reassurances that he will continue to work with that group and others to make sure that all LGBT veterans are properly and adequately supported in the way that is right for each of them individually.
The cap is part of the Etherton report.
We have accepted all 49 recommendations and are working them through.
I do not know—the hon.
Lady will have to ask him—but I suspect that Lord Etherton was mindful of the Canadian experience in that regard.
The Canadian scheme is not directly comparable to anything we might set up, not least because of its scope, but nevertheless there is precedent and I imagine Lord Etherton was mindful of that.
The hon.
Lady is right to suggest that we should work with the community, and she cited Fighting With Pride in particular.
We have of course done that throughout and I pay tribute to them.
We will continue to work with them on the details of the financial scheme as we work those out in the next few months.
When Fighting With Pride described to me, some time ago now, the awful things that we had done to LGBT veterans, it was the worst injustice I had heard of in my 26 years in Parliament.
I welcomed the Etherton report, which came about as a result, and I welcome the Minister’s warm, deep and expansive response to it today.
The fact that he is accepting all 49 recommendations is vital.
The debate is also important, because veterans want to tell their tales through their own MP, and I think that will be a great opportunity to do so.
However, like the SNP spokesperson, I have a concern: if the claims that come through the website that the Minister describes come to more than £50 million, will the Government undertake to revisit the cap?
It would be crazy if £51 million was applied for, but the cap said that only £50 million could be paid out.
My hon.
Friend will know full well that we cannot write a blank cheque.
It is just not possible to do that.
Lord Etherton came up with £50 million, which  is a significant amount of money.
He will have been mindful of other schemes, albeit not directly comparable, in this country and overseas.
That is why, I believe, the figure of £50 million was arrived at.