With due respect to the right hon.
Gentleman, who is a diligent Minister, this statement should have been made by the Defence Secretary; the last one was.
This no-show from the Defence Secretary downgrades the importance that the Government give in July to backing up the Prime Minister’s apology to LGBT+ veterans.
Crucially, it undermines the confidence that LGBT veterans will have in the Government being serious about fully implementing the Etherton review and fully righting the injustices arising from the ban on LGBT people serving in our armed forces until 2000.
This is unfinished business for Labour.
We lifted the ban in 2000.
We argued for the Etherton review in the Armed Forces Bill.
We welcomed its publication and recommendations.
We again thank Lord Etherton for his review and the inclusive way in which he conducted it.
At the heart of the review were the statements of those who were victims of the overt, often brutal, homophobic policy.
We pay tribute to them for sharing their experiences and giving their testimonies.
Like the Minister, I also pay tribute to groups such as Fighting With Pride, which have campaigned for justice, along with backing from wider veterans organisations such as the Royal British Legion and Help for Heroes.
This is a cause that unites the House.
The previous Defence Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , said in a powerful and moving statement in July that he had “decided specifically that a debate in the House should take place” in order to “make sure that the House properly debates the report and the Government’s response to it,” and not just the compensation scheme, as the Minister has implied.
Will the Government honour that promise to the House in full?
When will that debate take place?
To be clear, the debate is of profound importance to veterans.
It should be a watershed moment for defence to move beyond the long, shameful shadow of the past, and to say in the future, “We are deeply proud of our LGBT veterans.
We honour your service to our nation.
You are part of us.”
The previous Defence Secretary also said: “We will be very happy to work with the Opposition…to discuss our thinking on the recommendations.”—[Official
Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol. 736, c. 921-24.]
That has not happened.
The Minister confirmed today that the Government “are accepting the intent behind all 49 of Lord Etherton’s recommendations.”
The previous Defence Secretary pointed out that the Government “may deliver a number” of those recommendations “in different ways from that described in the report.”—[Official
Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol. 736, c. 921.]
In his statement today, the Minister was not clear on that.
We welcome progress on handing back medals, on an armed forces veterans badge and on a national memorial, and we welcome the opening of registrations of interest for the restorative measures, but what action is the Minister taking to ensure that pensions are fully restored to those who were misinformed that their pension rights had been abolished, and to guarantee that those whose evidence of investigations was destroyed in 2010 do not lose out?
Will he fully involve Fighting With Pride and other veterans groups in developing the compensation scheme, and confirm that the scheme will make provision for the two main groups proposed by Fighting With Pride?
Is the financial provision of £50 million in the 2024 Ministry of Defence budget, and when does he aim to open up the scheme?
We cannot change the past, but we can act to make amends.
We can honour the service of our LGBT veterans.
We can take pride in the inspiration that they provide to future generations.
That is what they, and we across the House, have the right to expect from Ministers.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
I gently remind him that it was this Government who set up the Etherton review, and it is this Government who are carrying out the 49 recommendations.
I am proud of that.
He needs to be very careful: political parties should not throw stones, and I think that he would be the last to try to make party political points out of this subject matter.
To a large extent, I think that we have resisted that.
I said that a full debate would happen in the new year, but it must have the advantage of there being something meaningful to debate—namely, the financial elements, which I perceive to be the main point of likely controversy.
The right hon.
Gentleman made it clear that we are all in agreement with the general thrust of the review, so the controversy will be around how we structure the financial award.
I expect to be in a much better place in the new year to bring a suggestion to the House about how we might do that, having consulted others and observed the lessons of the past and experience in other countries.
However, the debate will not be confined to the finances.
I think that was implied by my use of the phrase “full debate”.
I hope that reassures him.
On intent, we have discussed before other ways of delivering the same outcome to the satisfaction of veterans.
For example, some veterans want a veterans badge that is different from the existing veterans badge; some do not.
We have therefore designed a ribbon, which I have seen the prototype for, and I think that is a compromise.
That is an example of how we might do things differently from the ways described by Lord Etherton.
Lord Etherton also talked about re-listing people on the Navy, Army and Air Force lists.
Those lists do not exist in the way they once did, but we can publish those names, if people want them published, via the London Gazette.
That is a further example of doing the same thing, but in a different way.
We debated pensions in the summer, when we last went round this particular buoy, so the right hon.
Gentleman will know that accrued pension rights remain.
However, some people were misled when they left the armed forces, and I strongly recommend that they refer to the guidance available on gov.uk.
The “LGBT veterans: support and next steps” page is very comprehensive and will take people through how they can apply for pensions if they are not currently drawing them.
Destroyed documents, as the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, are impossible to rediscover.
However, there are tags attached to most of them that highlight the fact that material has been removed following the advice of the Association of Chief Police Officers in 2010, so there is a marker, at least, of why those pages are missing.
He will know too that ACPO made those recommendations for very good reasons at the time—namely, the desire of people who had been wronged to have reference to those wrongs expunged from their records.
I think that I have covered most of the right hon.
Gentleman’s points, but I want to be as comprehensive as I possibly can, so if I have missed anything out, I will be happy to write to him.