In 2020, women’s life expectancy in the poorest parts of the UK was almost 19 years shorter than those in the most affluent.
Thirteen years ago, Labour introduced a socioeconomic duty in the Equality Act 2010 to make the NHS and other public bodies tackle this gap.
Why have Ministers failed to implement it?
The hon.
Lady is right that the socioeconomic duty she references is not commenced in England.
It is in Scotland, however, and the figures are worse there, which shows that the duty is not the solution to the problems she raises.
My North Devon constituency is in the lower quartile for social mobility.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to improve social mobility outcomes for remote, rural and coastal communities?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the circumstances of a person’s birth or where they live should not be a barrier to social mobility.
That is why we have established things such as the Social Mobility Pledge consortium with businesses, and 120 have signed up.
There are 12 community renewal fund projects serving her constituency and the wider area, and £1.2 million from the shared prosperity fund to achieve those aims.
The Etherton review was published five months ago, and we are due to have a statement later today.
May I seek assurances from the Minister that the Department will work with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that its recommendations are published at pace?
I completely agree with the hon.
Lady.
It was a very important review, and I am glad that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister made an apology at the Dispatch Box.
There will be a statement later, and I suggest that she asks the Defence Minister a question at that point.
Every year, 800 women pass through immigration detention, including centres such as Yarl’s Wood in my constituency.
Many of those women have been trafficked or are victims of sexual abuse.
I am working with a group, Women for Refugee Women, to provide a snapshot of the backgrounds of these women.
Will the Minister agree to meet us to analyse the results of their findings?
I would of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Women who have survived trafficking or sexual abuse are detained only when the evidence of vulnerability in their individual case is outweighed by immigration removal considerations.
Victims of torture have their case considered by a single specialist team, autonomous of general caseworkers, and victims of modern slavery undergo a needs assessment to identify recovery needs.
Gender bias plays a key role in the misdiagnosis and under-diagnosis of conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism in women and girls.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that every girl with special educational needs receives support from their school or college, as she is entitled to by law?
We are working with more than 42 integrated care boards across the country to improve the timelines for diagnosis of autism and ADHD.
Some ICBs are doing particularly well, but others need a lot more help and support.
Many people with impaired mobility conditions depend on their cars for the freedom to live the lives they want to lead.
Will the Government therefore crack down on Labour’s anti-car policies in local government, such as the expansion of the ultra low emission zone and low-traffic networks and the building over of station car parks?
This Government are clear in our condemnation of Labour’s attack on motorists, whether it is in London or Wales.
That is why, in the summer,  the Prime Minister ordered a review of low-traffic neighbourhoods, which are making some parts of London inaccessible for disabled people, whether they are using public transport or cars.
Keep Prisons Single Sex has disclosed that police forces are still failing to adequately record the sex of offenders at birth and sometimes record self-identification.
This can have a considerable effect on criminal justice data.
Will the Minister take any steps to ensure that the correct data is given, so that appropriate analysis can be given and we do not have skewed information?
That is something that my Department is working on.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we need to ensure that data is accurate, that people understand what is being recorded and that this does not have an impact on how public services are delivered.
If he has any further information that he would like to share, I would very much like to see if there are specific constituency circumstances we can look into.