Will the Prime Minister please share his Christmas message for children being bombed in Gaza this winter?
Nobody wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
We urgently need more humanitarian pauses to get all the hostages out, and to get life-saving aid into Gaza to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian people.
We have been consistent in supporting a sustainable ceasefire, which means that Hamas must stop launching rockets into Israel and release all the hostages.
If the current actions of the Israeli Government continue, it is estimated that almost 1,400 more children will die between now and Christmas day.
In the United Nations last night, our friends and allies in France, Ireland, Canada, Spain and Australia joined 148 other nations to vote with courage, care and compassion for a ceasefire.
The UK shamefully abstained.
How can the Prime Minister possibly explain why 153 nations are wrong, yet
Westminster is right?
As I have said consistently, we are deeply concerned about the devastating impact of the fighting in Gaza on the civilian population.
Too many people have lost their lives already.
That is something that we have stressed, and something that I stressed personally to Prime Minister Netanyahu just last week.
What we are doing practically is to get more aid into  Gaza, and the Foreign Secretary is appointing a UK humanitarian co-ordinator.
In my conversations last week with Prime Minister Netanyahu, I pressed him on opening up the Kerem Shalom crossing so that more aid can flow in, and we are actively exploring the opportunity for maritime corridors, something on which the UK is well placed to lead.
I can give the hon.
Gentleman my assurance that we will work night and day to get more aid to those who desperately need it.
We expect our young folk to remain in education or training until they are 18, but many lack transport to get there.
Along with the amazing headteacher of Alston Moor Federation, Gill Jackson, I secured funding from the council to get her students to college, and pressed the council for a half-a-million-pound bursary scheme to extend youth travel more widely.
But we should not have to do this.
To secure equality of opportunity and true levelling up, will the Prime Minister look to mandate and support councils to provide post-16 transport, so that all our young people in towns, cities and rural areas can reach their next stage in life?
My hon.
Friend and the headteacher of Alston Moor Federation, Gill Jackson, have done a fantastic job in securing more funding.
I wish her well for what I believe is her upcoming retirement.
As my hon.
Friend knows, our school travel policy ensures that no child is prevented from accessing education by a lack of transport.
Not only do we have home-to-school travel policies, but the 16 to 19 bursary fund can be used to support young people with transport costs, and, more generally, we are taking action to keep bus fares capped at £2.
However, I will happily ensure that my hon.
Friend secures a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss his proposals further.