On the £50 million compensation, which is recommendation 28 of the report, I am a little lost to understand how that will be distributed.
If the Minister is going to come up with a scheme, I suggest that he looks at the Post Office Horizon compensation scheme, of which I have been on the advisory board for the last year, helping to develop it.
We are going to have to look at what elements are taken into account before we get to an accrued sum.
Setting up an advisory board or some steering group to work up the scheme would be a good idea—and let me say that I do not think £50 million will even touch the sides.
There is precedent for such a scheme, as I say—I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the Canadian scheme—so we are not starting with a blank sheet of paper, and neither was Lord Etherton.
On pensions, it is important that those who thought they did not have an entitlement to pensions look again, because accrued pensions are accrued pensions and were not forfeit.
I take the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about pensions that might have been accrued after the point at which individuals left the service.
There is no way of restoring those pensions, and I hope he will understand that.
It would be incredibly difficult to do that, so I am not going to give him any encouragement that that will form any part of our deliberations in relation to the financial award.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on women in defence, and of the Defence Committee’s inquiry on women in the armed forces and female veterans, I wholeheartedly welcome the statement and thank Lord Etherton for his work.
However, I am also acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this matter, which disproportionately affected women, and on the ban on pregnancy in our armed forces.
Our armed forces still have pockets of misogyny, poor leadership and inappropriate behaviour, so will the Minister continue to commit to rooting that out so that we can have a better environment for our armed forces now and in the future?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and predecessor.
I pay tribute to her for the work that she has done, not least in her report, which has been extraordinarily impactful.
I agree with her 100%: we need to root out misogyny wherever it is found in defence.
I hope she will accept that, thanks to her report and the work of others, we have taken significant strides in that direction.
On  9 May 1996 , I spoke in this House about the case of John Beckett, one of my constituents.
He was a young man who had been in the Royal Navy for five years and was going to train to be an officer.
Along with three other young men, he was discharged for being gay.
All he had done was to have a civilian gay relationship, about which we had told his padre and his commanding officer, and it was sufficient to have him discharged.
We can try to undo the wrongs that were done to John Beckett and others at the time.
I know that John got another job afterwards, but can the Minister possibly believe it is right that someone who committed no crime—all he did was offend against the bigotry and prejudice of those who discharged him—will potentially have to suffer financially for the rest of his life for what was done to him?
Surely, when we come to look at compensation, the principle ought to be to not merely to rectify the hurt and the prejudice of the time, but to ensure that people do not lose out financially for the rest of their lives.
That is why Lord Etherton has made his recommendations on financial awards.
The structuring of that is yet to be determined, but I just want to manage expectations—as I suspect my Canadian counterparts managed the expectations of the Canadian community—about the quantum.
I do not want people to think that all that financial loss will be restored to them—it would be unwise of us to suggest that.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned padres.
I hope that he reads the Government’s response to the report in full.
If he does, he will see that there is a specific section relating to chaplaincy, and contrition on the part of chaplaincy about how some of its practitioners behaved during that period, which I think did them no credit at all.
I am very sorry to hear the testimony that he has just given.
I encourage his constituent to engage with the front door that I am launching today.
I join others in thanking Lord Etherton and all those who took the brave step of sharing their experience with him to inform the review and all 49 recommendations.
Although significant work clearly needs to be done to follow through on those recommendations, will my right hon.
Friend consider how we can use this work to help parts of the world that are still facing up to this realisation?
They may need to do a wholesale piece of work to understand how they can change the way they deal with the LGBT community among their military personnel and veterans.
The change that we are seeing in the UK must not be stopped from happening elsewhere in the world.
None of us has a monopoly on this.
We are learning from the Canadian experience, and I expect others will learn from us.
Across the board, this country is looked up to as a purveyor of norms and values of the highest order.
When, for example, we train people from among our allies in how to conduct themselves, as is happening right now, those norms and values are inculcated, including this material.
In the late ’80s, I was very close to someone who suffered considerably as a result of this ban when she was thrown out of the Army for being a lesbian.
She had her  distinguished and lengthy period of military service cut short, she was humiliated in the process, and, initially, she found it hard to find employment commensurate with her skills and worth as a human being.
All that happened to her just because she was a woman who loved other women.
It was a ban based on sexual orientation—nothing more, nothing less.
Her loss, and that of others, includes pain and suffering, loss of earnings, loss of employability and loss of pension rights.
Any compensation scheme should seek to put them back in the position that they would have been in were it not for that homophobic ban.
Can the Minister confirm that all those heads of damages—pain and suffering, loss of earnings, loss of employability and loss of pension rights—will be taken into account in the compensation scheme?
The hon.
and learned Lady will be aware that, in the early 2000s, the MOD was taken to court by a significant number of people who had been maligned in the way she has described.
The MOD was found wanting and awards were made at that time.
I cannot give her the assurances that she seeks because the financial awards scheme—it is a financial awards scheme, not a compensation scheme—is still being worked through, but I hope that we will be able to come back to the House soon to describe at least the bare bones of what we have in mind.
May I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and for the tone in which he delivered it, and express my pleasure that there will be a memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum in my constituency?
What discussions has he had with colleagues in the Home Office regarding any convictions that there may have been for servicemen in connection with their military service and their sexual orientation?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the disregards and pardons provisions in part 12 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022.
They have the effect of expunging those offences, which are no longer offences.
That clearly applies to what we are debating today.
The answer to his question is that that expunging of material will be complete in relation to offences that are service offences and go outwith the civilian—then criminal—offences listed in part 12.
[Official Report,  8 January 2024 , Vol. 743, c. 2MC.]
My constituent worked for the Secret Intelligence Service between 1975 and 1984.
In 1984, he was offered a posting overseas, at which point he declared that he was gay, and he was then dismissed expressly because of his sexual orientation.
I thank Lord Etherton for the review and for meeting me to discuss this.
Clearly, the review does not cover my constituent, but he and others in his position do not even have the comfort of being able to go public at any point because of the nature of their employment.
Has the Minister spoken to colleagues in other parts of Government?
If not, will he undertake to do so, because this experience should not be prolonged for those in the secret element of service to this nation?
I am more than happy to discuss the details of that constituent’s concerns separately.
This is a review into the way in which Defence handled the matter between 1967 and 2000, and Lord Etherton’s  terms of reference were drawn up accordingly.
From what the hon.
Lady has just told me, I do not think that her constituent will be covered by the review, but I am more than happy to have a conversation.
I commend the Government for commissioning the review and thank Lord Etherton for such a thorough piece of work.
I also thank the Government for accepting all 49 of the recommendations—it is pretty unusual to accept all the recommendations, so the Government should be commended for that.
To follow on from the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant)  about the disregards—or “expunging”, as the Minister suggested—am I right in thinking that those who have had service convictions would need to apply?
If so, what more can be done to encourage them to apply to the Home Office for those disregards?
Perhaps the Ministry of Defence could proactively suggest to them that they could do so.
Further to the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) , the UK intelligence community should not be overlooked.
There should perhaps be a second review, or at least some sort of internal review, about the treatment of UK intelligence officers over the past few decades.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his question.
Lord Etherton’s terms of reference were deliberately drawn in the way that they were to focus specifically on defence, but my right hon.
Friend has made a reasonable point, and I am sure colleagues across Government will hear what he has said.
I am more than happy to have a discussion about this specific case with  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier)
and with my right hon.
Friend, if they wish to do so.
It is important that if we are considering the implications for wider public service, we learn from what has gone before and from this review.
I am confident that colleagues right across Government will be looking at what we have proposed doing in response to Lord Etherton’s report today and drawing their own conclusions.
Perhaps they can learn from what has gone on and assure themselves that they, in turn, do not have dark corners that need to be given the light that Lord Etherton’s report has certainly given to defence.
I draw attention to my declarations in the Register of Member’s Financial Interests, including those relating to my recent Army Reserve service.
I was very happy to be able to do that as an openly gay man alongside many other LGBT+ service personnel who serve us bravely around the world and in this country.
That opportunity was not available to the many generations who went before who were equally courageous and brave in the service of our country in so many contexts, but who faced horrific discrimination.
One of those discriminated against was one of my constituents in Cardiff South and Penarth.
She was discharged in a totally humiliating way from the RAF in the 1970s for being a lesbian, but in her service record, the reason was recorded as “services no longer required.”
I have raised her case with the MOD over  many years, but was told that it could not be changed because it was correctly administered.
In his statement, the Minister referred to amendments to veterans’ service history, which recommendations 26 and 27 of the report also refer to.
Will he confirm that where individuals were discharged for reasons other than their sexuality, but their sexuality was clearly the reason, that will be considered in restitution for them and their service?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman—I remember him raising his constituent’s case when we debated this matter in the summer.
The straight answer to his question is “yes”, and I encourage his constituent to go to the front door that is now open to ensure her case is properly examined and, if she wants, references to what happened to her are removed or expunged.
It is impossible to put a price on, or indeed measure, the extent of the grief, trauma and shame that was caused to LGBT veterans, so why should we be putting a financial cap on the compensation they are going to get?
When I was at a Fighting With Pride event recently, that grief, trauma and shame were palpable, so I plead with the Minister that although there is much to celebrate in Lord Etherton’s report—I congratulate him and the Government on it—there are clearly shortfalls, and given that nothing has been decided, he could go further.
I am sure he agrees, and I think he should do so, given what has been experienced by our LGBT veterans.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
Lord Etherton recommended £50 million, and we have accepted that recommendation.
The details of the scheme will be worked out in the next few months, and I hope she will be pleased with what she sees.
We need to know what the cohort looks like.
At the moment, we really do not know that, which is why the front door opens today.
In a very short while, I hope, with the help of right hon.
and hon.
Members across the House encouraging their constituents, we will have a better handle on who needs to be marked with this financial reward, and what they suffered at the time and the degree of that.
Once we have a handle on that, we will be better placed to design a quantum that will be appropriate to people who were maligned between 1967 and 2000.