The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 December.
Mr Speaker, as this is the last Prime Minister’s questions before recess, I know that the whole House will want to join me in wishing you and all the House staff a very merry Christmas and a happy new year.
I know that Members will also want to join me in sending our warmest wishes to our armed forces based at home and stationed overseas, our emergency services and all those who will be working over Christmas too.
Finally, I know that everyone will want to join me in wishing Mark Drakeford all the best as he moves on from his many, many years of devoted public service.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I concur with the Prime Minister’s comments about our armed forces, Christmas and Mark Drakeford?
My constituent Fred Bates is 74, he has liver cancer and he is a victim of the contaminated blood products scandal.
The Prime Minister had a chance to do right by Fred last week, but he failed to do so and lost the vote in this House.
After half a century, Fred wishes to know when he and fellow survivors will be compensated and get justice.
This was an appalling tragedy, and my thoughts remain with all those concerned.
I absolutely understand the strength of feeling on this.
It was this Government who set up the inquiry, which I participated in, and we fully understand the need for action.
The Government, crucially, have already accepted the moral case for compensation and acknowledged that justice needs to be delivered for the victims.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for the Cabinet Office will update the House on our next steps on the infected blood inquiry shortly.
The tax cuts in the autumn statement were extremely welcome, but in order to go further and get the tax burden as low as possible, accurate and robust economic modelling is required.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has been habitually wrong, and we had the spectacle last week of the head of the OBR saying that his latest forecast might be £30 billion out.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister commit to finding a better system of financial modelling, so that we can get taxes lower?
As my hon.
Friend knows, the OBR has brought greater transparency and independence to the forecasting on which Government policy is based, but he is right.
It is required to produce an assessment of the accuracy of its fiscal and economic forecasts at least once a year but, crucially, as he acknowledged, thanks to our management of the economy and the fact that we have halved inflation and controlled borrowing, we have now delivered the largest tax cuts in a generation, and they will benefit families up and down the country from January.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
Yesterday we heard of the tragic death of a young man on the Bibby Stockholm.
I know that the whole House will want to send our deepest condolences to his family and friends.
We must never let this happen again.
I would also like to mark the retirement of my colleague and friend Mark Drakeford, the First Minister of Wales.
Mark committed his life to public service and lives his values every day.
Quietly and patiently, Mark has been a titan of Labour and Welsh politics.
We thank him for his service and wish him well.
Christmas is a time of peace on earth and good will to all—has anyone told the Tory party?
Well, Christmas is also a time for families, and under the Conservatives we do have a record number of them.
At the beginning of the year, I set out some priorities that this Government would deliver for the British people, and over the course of the year we have inflation halved, the economy growing, debt falling, action on the longest waiters, the boats down by a third and, crucially, as we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith) , tax cuts coming to help working families in the new year.