The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— If she will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the Government’s kinship care policies on carers and children with protected characteristics.
We comply with the public sector equality duty in considering how our policy decisions impact on individuals with protected characteristics, and we have complied with that obligation in drafting and developing the kinship strategy.
The annual survey of the Kinship charity showed that the majority of kinship carers are women, typically grandmothers, many of whom are affected by the gender pay gap and a rising retirement age, yet they are often forced to give up or reduce work to take on kinship care responsibilities.
What progress has the Minister made with the Department for Business and Trade in finally securing paid leave for kinship carers so that they are not forced out of the labour force?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we are committed to publishing the first ever strategy for kinship carers before the end of the year.
She will not have long to wait.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle inequality for disabled people.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle inequality for disabled people.
In July 2021, the Government set out our long-term vision in the national disability strategy.
Over the summer, we consulted on the disability action plan, which will set out the immediate action that the Government are taking in 2024.
Together with other relevant reforms being taken forward by my Cabinet colleagues, those measures seek to tackle inequality and improve the daily lives of disabled people.
The neuro drop-in centre in Lancaster provides a unique support network for those affected by neurological conditions, but my constituent, who travels there by bus from Bowerham to Torrisholme, is a wheelchair user, and if there is already is a wheelchair user on the bus, he cannot board.
Does the Minister think that that is fair?
That does not sound terribly fair at all.
I am very interested in what the hon.
Lady shares with the House.
Of course, we have a Transport Minister answering questions today, so I am very happy for us to look at that issue for her.
If she writes to me, I will see that the matter is looked at.
Sense has found that, because of the Tory cost of living crisis, a large proportion of disabled people will not be seeing family, buying presents or even celebrating Christmas this year, yet the Government are ploughing ahead with changes that will ramp up sanctions and that could remove NHS prescriptions and access to legal aid for disabled people.
Why, at every single opportunity, do the Government hit people with disabilities the hardest?
I apologise, Mr Speaker, because the Transport Minister I mentioned is not coming today—they might be on the bus.
I will pick up the issue raised by  the hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood (Cat Smith)  in further responses.
The hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  will know that we are making cost of living payments once again to support people in need.
In fact, that support totals over £104 billion.
If she is concerned for her constituents—and rightly so—she should definitely direct them to Help for Households, the benefits calculator on gov.uk, and the help to claim process.
There is also the household support fund, which is about £1 billion this year.
I hope she is satisfied that we are absolutely supporting the most vulnerable.