The answer is “with difficulty”, given what happened in 2010 for perfectly understandable and perfectly good reasons—it is the law of unintended consequences, is it not?
I cannot give the hon.
Lady that detail at the moment, because it is being worked out.
It is so very difficult: if everybody had their records marked  up, it would be quite straightforward, but they do not.
We need to know who the folk are who are in scope, and then we need to look at what records exist.
Many of those records had tags placed on them when papers were removed, which I think will help.
We also have to look at other schemes, such as the Canadian scheme.
However, I suspect most right hon.
and hon.
Members in this House would be cautious about the Canadian scheme, because it drew the criteria very narrowly.
Those who were nudged out, or inched out, through all sorts of means—innuendo, personal pressure, or being tipped the nod and the wink that somebody was on to them—would be disadvantaged under the Canadian scheme.
I hope they will not be disadvantaged under ours.
The RAF lost a courageous serviceperson in 1997 when it sacked Carl Austin-Behan.
Carl won the Royal Humane Society bronze medal for rescuing a pilot from a burning Hawk aircraft at RAF Chivenor.
Last September, an inquiry found that there had been accelerated enlistment for women and ethnic minority candidates in the RAF, which was found to be dubious and possibly in breach of the Equality Act 2010.
Clearly, we are not looking for that sort of overcorrection, but what assessment have the Government made of the legacy of the sackings of people such as Carl for recruiting the next generation of courageous gay service personnel?
Let me be absolutely clear: Defence wants people, regardless of their sex, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity and social class.
We just want people with talent—that is the touchstone for recruitment into the Army, Navy and Air Force right now.
I do not care if people are gay; I welcome gay people serving side by side with everybody else.
Our history is full of examples of the most courageous individuals who served in uniform and were gay.
I am privileged to be an ambassador for Fighting With Pride, and I worked with the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs on this matter before he took up his role.
I pay tribute to Caroline and Craig in particular, as well as all the people they have been working with.
Fighting With Pride has welcomed the pace, positive intent and completeness of this process, but the next stage is a full debate in this Chamber to which Members can contribute.
I hope the Minister will listen to the representations he has heard today.
Finally, I put on record my concerns about the £50 million cap and the fact that the Minister has spoken about this being a financial award scheme, not a compensation scheme.
I think the Government are in the wrong place on that and that they will end up causing themselves more problems if they do not seek to compensate veterans who have lost livelihoods, careers and pensions through their mistreatment by Government.
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s observations.
He may like to look up the Canadian scheme, which is a reasonable exemplar, although the circumstances are different.
It awarded 110 million Canadian dollars, and this morning a Canadian dollar was worth 58p, but that scheme covered a much broader scope and the population of Canada is smaller than that of the UK.
It covered police, the armed forces and  civil servants, so the scope was much wider.
Although the two are not directly comparable, the Canadian scheme does at least make us feel that we are in the right ballpark.
I am afraid I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the commitment he is seeking, but I urge him to look closely at other schemes and certainly at the Canadian one, which is probably the closest comparator we have.
May I impress again on the Minister the importance of hearing LGBT veterans’ voices on the Floor of the House, just as it was important to hear the apology from the Prime Minister at the time?
I, too, want to share my concerns about the structure of the scheme that the Minister has talked about.
He has referred to a front door; can we have an assurance that that front door will remain open for as long as is needed?
Many of our LGBT veterans suffer great trauma and shame, and will be quite far away from that front door.
They will need support from trusted partners such as Fighting With Pride to get anywhere near it.
Yes, the front door will remain open, but a stakeholder pack will also be sent to all organisations that we know are interested, urging them to socialise it, which is vital.
I cannot emphasise enough that it is vital that those who believe they are eligible for some restorative action—in the first instance, non-financial—should register their interest.
In doing so, they are able to register or flag the fact that they may be interested in a financial award as well.
Unless we have that data, I think our job of determining what the scheme ultimately looks like will be very difficult, and the sooner we get a handle on that, the sooner we can start to get money out of the door.
This is an issue I raised many times over the five years that I was the armed forces spokesperson for the SNP, so I very much welcome Lord Etherton’s review, and I pay tribute to Caroline and Craig at Fighting With Pride.
We have mentioned the spurious reasons for which many LGBT veterans were dismissed.
Of course, the other thing is that the colleagues they served with were encouraged to report their supposed misdemeanours.
I do think one of the difficulties for the Government will be tracking down all those who have been affected and impacted by this, but it will not just be in their own records.
I am sure there must be things in other people’s records that can be tied into this as well.
I want to mention the £50 million.
I have done a quick sum, and if the 1,120 people who responded each got a share, it would be £44,000 each, which is an absolute pittance for a lost career, a lost pension, loss of earnings and the loss of a reference to go on to a new career outside the armed forces.
We really have to look at that £50 million figure, which does not even touch the surface.