Title: HONORING CINNAIRE FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
152

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CINNAIRE FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a Lansing, Michigan-based

institution that for 30 years has been dedicated to revitalizing

communities across our great state and around the country.
Guided by

the belief that every community needs affordable housing, job

opportunities, high-quality healthcare, and childcare, Cinnaire has,

since 1993, strategically invested in economically and racially

marginalized communities that have historically been denied access to

Capital.
As this vibrant non-profit organization celebrates its 30th

anniversary, I applaud Cinnaire for the systemic change it is helping

to bring about.
Armed with a dream and vision to change lives and transform

struggling neighborhoods, Cinnaire's founder and CEO Mark McDaniel sat

down in 1993 at a table with a phone and a Rolodex of names and contact

information.
From those humble beginnings, he launched a new tax credit

fund in Michigan, which over the past 3 decades has become a nearly $6

billion investment.
As a community development financial organization, Mark and his team,

which has now grown to 130 dedicated employees, have found creative

ways to leverage existing financial resources from public and private

sector organizations to provide access to investment funding, lending

options, and other services that support economic development in the

communities they serve.
The result has been profound: since 1993,

Cinnaire has supported more than 1,000 housing developments, provided

more than 63,000 affordable apartments, and created or retained more

than 92,000 jobs.
I have seen firsthand the transformative work Cinnaire is doing in

Lansing, and I am so thankful for its commitment to systemic change and

problem-solving.
I salute Cinnaire for a 30-year commitment to ensuring

everyone, especially the most vulnerable among us, can lead lives of

dignity and opportunity.
May the good work of this organization

continue long into the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EVER-GREEN ENERGY AND DISTRICT ENERGY ST.
PAUL

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate two

anniversary celebrations.
This month, District Energy of Saint Paul

will mark its 40th anniversary, and its subsidiary Ever-Green Energy,

will mark its 25th year of providing heating and cooling to downtown

Saint Paul and the nearby West Side neighborhood.
For years, these

organizations have demonstrated a path to sustainable energy deployment

by heating and cooling hundreds of buildings, from homes to hotels,

offices to sports venues, and more.
Their deep knowledge of energy

system management has allowed them to promote energy conservation and

dependable heating and cooling services to their customers and--just as

important--a path forward on a climate-resilient future.
Founded in 1983 as a public-private partnership, the nonprofit

District Energy works with the City of Saint Paul, the Saint Paul Port

Authority, and local business leaders to benefit our community.
District Energy manages the largest hot water district system in North

America, featuring biomass-fired cogeneration, thermal storage, and

solar thermal technology, sending hot water and chilled water

throughout their network of over 200 buildings, including commercial,

light industrial, and residential areas.
This approach, which is rare

in the United States, was championed by Saint Paul Mayor George

Latimer, as a cleaner and more price-stable alternative to natural gas

during the 1970s oil crisis.
In addition to excellent service, District Energy provides great

value and exemplary energy efficiency.
In 2011, District Energy

launched the largest solar hot water installation in the country, and

in 2019, they ended their use of coal.
By 2050, they plan to achieve

carbon neutrality by reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by 7

percent annually.
Even the United Nations has taken note, recognizing

District Energy as 1 of just 3 American systems achieving global

standards for best practices.
Now, District Energy customers pay less

for energy today than they did 40 years ago.