Throughout his

tenure, the defining principle underlying all his decisions was his

sincere love and respect for the students and the university.
His achievements were acknowledged in 1996 when he received the

Presidential Faculty Excellence Award at SUNO.
After a stellar and

impactful career, Dr. Causey retired with more than 40 years of service

to SUNO.
Dr. Causey's involvement and contributions to education

reached beyond the walls of classrooms and into the community.
One of his proudest contributions is that in 1993, he was one of

three trailblazing founders of the New Orleans Charter Science and

Mathematics High School, which focused on enriching STEM initiatives

for high school students.
That school is still in operation today.
Dr.

Causey also wrote a chapter in a book, entitled Called to Sankofa,

which was a narrative account of post-Katrina New Orleans, highlighting

the importance of maintaining an education system following a disaster.
His academic work and contribution extended to many professional and

advocacy organizations.
Dr. Causey was a long-time judge for the Regional Mathematics and

Science Fair and was a board member of the Southwest Educational

Development Laboratory.
In appreciation for his involvement and

contribution, he received numerous honors, awards, and special

recognition from peers and community organizations.
He was a proud

member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and was active for years in

the Gamma Rho Chapter.
Above all, Matthew was a man of Faith and a dedicated member of St.

Paul the Apostle Catholic Church.
He served as a longstanding member of

the Finance Council.
For his outstanding service to the church, in 2019

he was

awarded the prestigious Order of St. Louis Medallion by the Archdiocese

of New Orleans.
Matthew loved woodworking, photography and traveling;

however, cooking was his favorite special interest.
He looked forward to cooking family-favorite dishes no matter how

complicated, and he took great joy in the entire process.
An

accomplishment Matthew was extremely proud of was the publication of a

cookbook that contained his favorite pictures and recipes.
Matthew met

life's challenges with strength, humility, and Faith.
Matthew's

kindness, gentleness and unassuming nature defined him, as he showed

love to all he encountered.
He had a calm demeanor and was spirit-

filled.
Matthew was a loving husband, father, grandfather, uncle, cousin, and

friend.
He loved to learn, to laugh, to talk and to listen.
He loved

life and was just so easy to love.
Matthew leaves to celebrate and

cherish his life and legacy, his beloved wife of 45 years, Dr. Lynette

Smith Causey; his devoted and adoring children: son, Erik Matthew

Causey (Mowele), Arlington, VA; daughter, Dr. Lauren Lynette Causey,

Thousand Oaks, CA; son, Lt.
Col.
Alan Charles Causey (Traci), Ft.
Johnson, LA; his precious grandsons, Andrew, Cyril, and Gabriel Causey;

his brother, Arthur Kelly Jones; his sister, Dianne Jones Smith; his

aunt, Carol Pearson; his brother-in-law, Kevin J. Smith; his sister-in

law, Ruth Evans Jones; a host of nieces, nephews, cousins, close

relatives, and very special family friends.
He was preceded in death by

his mother, Helen Kelly Jones, his father Matthew Causey, and his

brothers, Warren J. Jones, and Lionel Jones.
The Students of Southern University of New Orleans and New Orleans

Charter Science and Mathematics High School are eternally grateful for

the vision, guidance, and leadership of Dr. Causey.
He will be forever

remembered for all his contributions to advancing their education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SAVING AMERICA

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, Stephen Moore of the

Committee to Unleash Prosperity provides a daily Hotline

(<a href='mailto:steve@committeetounleashprosperity.com'>steve@committeetounleashprosperity.com</a>) with very informative research

on economic issues facing American families.
A very thoughtful analysis

was distributed on September 18, 2023.
``House Budget Committee Chair Jody Arrington's [. . .
fiscal plan] won't solve our financial problems--but it will

stop the bleeding.
`The plan reaches a balanced budget in 10

years without a penny of new taxes,' said Arrington.