Sadly, Mr. Woodfield passed away on September 3,

2023, at the age of 81.
Donald Woodfield was born in Buffalo, New York on November 24, 1941.
A lifelong patriot, Mr. Woodfield joined the U.S. Air Force, where he

proudly served for 8 years, including during the Vietnam War.
Among his

many awards were the Vietnam Service Medal, the Air Force Commendation

Medal and the National Defense Service Medal.
Shortly after leaving the military, he was called again to a life of

serving others and he pursued his passion of being a teacher.
He served

as an educator for over 30 years, both teaching and coaching at B'Nai

Shalom, Ballinger Academy, Greensboro Day School in Greensboro, and

finally The O'Neal School in Southern Pines.
Mr. Woodfield had a profound love of teaching and mentoring young

people, a notion that carried into nearly every aspect of his life.
He

was an avid golfer, pickle baller and active member of the local

Southern Pines Veteran of Foreign Wars Post No.
7318, serving as

quartermaster and holding numerous roles in the Military Order of the

Cooties.
Perhaps most importantly, Mr. Woodfield was a man of faith,

who loved God and his family above all else.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring the life of Donald

Woodfield and to offer our deepest condolences to his family and loved

ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on September 20, 2023, with

Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean

War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National

Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their

courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

September 20th answered our nation's call to service during one of its

greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean

Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and

sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe

them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and their memorials.
I

am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women for

all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise

and join me in expressing gratitude.
Ronald P. Aleo; Terry J. Baldwin; Henry J. Balkema; Robert

W. Becker, Sr.;
Robert A. Bernacchi; Robert G. Blackwell;

Peter I. Boer; Dennis M. Bolsega; Daniel L. Bridy; Kenneth W.

Bruzek; William Bruzek; Carl J. Capolillo; Henry P. Castillo;

Donald A. Chivas;

Robert Ciesiel; Thomas J. Cogozzo; Lidio S. Cordero; Leon

K. Dahlberg; Terry L. Davis; Leavy Deal, Jr.; Harry W.

DeBruin; John H. DeGroot; Richard A. DeHeer; Roger A. Dexter;

Frank P. Disler; Charles M. Doane; Arnold W. Domin; Richard

Dublin;

Mark R. Dykstra; Donald J. Ferrone; Ralph E. Fisher; John

F. Fitzpatrick; Joseph J. Gallagher; Don J. Garrett; Larry G.

Garza; Dennis J. Gawczynski; Albert Giuliano; Kenneth M.

Gray; Eric A. Greene; David E. Grote; Frederick P. Guerrero;

Vince Gugliuzza; Robert J. Hahn; Robert A. Hudik; Charles E.

Hughes, Sr.;