``House Budget Committee Chair Jody Arrington's [. . .
fiscal plan] won't solve our financial problems--but it will

stop the bleeding.
`The plan reaches a balanced budget in 10

years without a penny of new taxes,' said Arrington.
`We grow

the economy and cut spending.'
``The Democrats and Biden are hysterical and threatening to

shut down the government to keep the current runaway train of

spending over the cliff.
``To get a sense of the stakes here, consider that the

fastest growing component of the budget over the next

decade--other than the Green New Deal--is interest on the . .
.
national debt.
Interest payments, which will soon reach $1

trillion, will be like a Pacman swallowing up more and more

of the entire budget.
``Our ace economist EJ Antoni highlights a troubling trend.
Almost $8 trillion of low-interest-rate debt will roll over

at much higher rates.
Instead of paying 2 and 3% interest on

bonds, we will be paying close to 5% and maybe more if the

Fed has to raise interest rates again.
Biden has created a

fine fiscal mess, and it will take years to get out of it.
Arrington is right: let's start right now.''
In conclusion, God Bless our troops, who successfully protected

America for 20 years, as the Global War on Terrorism continues moving

from the Afghanistan safe haven to America with open Biden borders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 21, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 27

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 2860, to create

protections for financial institutions that provide

financial services to State-sanctioned marijuana

businesses and service providers for such businesses.
10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine foreign ownership in U.S.

agriculture.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine Medicare.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the General

Services Administration, focusing on examining the

Federal real estate portfolio.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment

To hold hearings to examine the state of flood insurance

in America.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Thomas G.

Day, of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Katherine E. Oler, Judith E.

Pipe, and Charles J.

Willoughby, Jr., each to be an Associate Judge of the

Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine water as a trust resource,

focusing on access in Native communities.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold hearings to examine AI and the future of our

elections.
SEPTEMBER 28

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek H.

Chollet, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Policy,

and Cara L. Abercrombie, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Defense.