Since 2018 alone, Washington Gas' philanthropic programs and

initiatives have contributed more than $7 million in local support.
This funding has advanced programs that support healthy and safe

communities.
Washington Gas employees have provided more than 140,000 hours of

volunteer service since 2005 to organizations in D.C., Maryland, and

Virginia, including the Capital Area Food Bank, Special Olympics DC,

Healthy Babies Project, The Latino Student Fund, The Boys & Girls Clubs

of Greater Washington, INROADS, Junior Achievement, The March of Dimes,

YMCA of Greater Washington, A Wider Circle, and The Leukemia & Lymphoma

Society.
This year also marks the 40th anniversary of the Washington Area Fuel

Fund (WAFF).
Since 1983, WAFF has provided over $33 million to help

more than 308,000 local families heat their homes during challenging

times, no matter their heating source.
Washington Gas pays all

administrative fees to ensure that every WAFF dollar goes to a family

in need.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in

congratulating Washington Gas on its 175th anniversary and thanking

Washington Gas for its service to its customers and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LOSS OF A GREAT EDUCATOR AND OUTSTANDING CAREER OF DR.
MATTHEW CAUSEY

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

outstanding gentleman and dear friend, Dr. Matthew Causey.
Dr. Causey

departed this life on September 6, 2023.
He was born on August 5, 1943,

in New Orleans, Louisiana to the late Helen Kelly Jones and Matthew

Causey.
For most of his childhood, he grew up in St. Charles Parish in

the small town of Killona.
It was there that life-long values were

formed under the loving and watchful eyes of his late grandparents, Eva

and Andrew Kelly, Sr.,
and his 7 aunts and uncles.
To him, his many

first cousins were more like brothers and sisters, and to many close

relatives, he was known as ``Snook.''
Dr. Causey's early education preparation culminated in his graduation

from George Washington Carver High School in Hahnville, LA.
Thereafter,

he enrolled at Southern University at New Orleans (SUNO), and

eventually transferred to the Baton Rouge campus, earning a Bachelor of

Science degree in Mathematics Education in 1966.
He began his

professional career as a math teacher in Orleans Parish Public Schools

at Samuel S. Green Junior High School.
Always yearning to learn more, Matthew earned a Master of Science

degree in Mathematics from Loyola University in New Orleans in 1970.
Continuing his steadfast commitment to education, Matthew applied and

was accepted into a doctoral program in mathematics education at the

University of Houston.
It was there that he met the love of his life,

Lynette Smith, as they were both pursuing doctoral degrees.
Upon

completing their respective graduate programs, they returned to New

Orleans.
They married in 1978.
Their lifelong love lasted 45 years and

was the epitome of a love supreme.
Their family grew to include 2 sons

with a daughter in the middle: Erik Matthew Causey, Lauren Lynette

Causey, and Alan Charles Causey.
He was an exceptional husband and father, as well as a true ``Village

Father'' who always worked to help as many children as he could.
Dr.

Causey sought to advance academic excellence at SUNO by teaching,

motivating, and inspiring his students with a love of learning.
He rose

to the rank of Associate Professor, served as Chair of the Mathematics

and Physics Department, was Dean of the College of Science, and served

as Associate Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs.
Throughout his

tenure, the defining principle underlying all his decisions was his

sincere love and respect for the students and the university.
His achievements were acknowledged in 1996 when he received the

Presidential Faculty Excellence Award at SUNO.
After a stellar and

impactful career, Dr. Causey retired with more than 40 years of service

to SUNO.