One

indicator of a man's heart and his generosity is consistency--and

Michael is widely recognized as one of Arizona's most generous business

leaders both in times of plenty and times of hardship.
I thank Michael

for his tremendous example.
Michael's enduring legacy is one of inspiration, renewal, and

compassion.
He has set new standards in his industry and his community,

and he has made an immeasurable impact on the lives of countless

Arizonans who work, shop, and live in the communities he has worked

hard to reinvigorate.
On behalf of Arizona's 5th Congressional

District, I thank Michael for inspiring others by his unwavering

commitment to making our communities better than he found them--one

development at a time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF CORPORAL DANNY K. ALLEN

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to posthumously honor the

late Corporal Danny K. Allen for his valiant military service during

the Vietnam War Era.
Drafted in 1970, Corporal Allen proudly served in

the United States Army for 3 years, where he was assigned a tour of

duty on the Korean peninsula.
He is survived by his loving daughter, Retha Allen; son, Andrew

Allen; and 5 grandchildren, LeAnna, Maycan, Anaya, Clay, and Tayte.
As

a devoted family man, his children remember him for his kindness and

down-to-earth nature.
They fondly recall how attentive he was to his

daughter, then only 13, when she was hospitalized for an entire month;

how he would hike 3 miles through the wintry snow just to feed the

livestock; and all the fun they shared on the family's one and only

camping trip.
Corporal Allen was a man of few words, but his words

carried weight and respect from all who knew him.
Please join me in thanking Corporal Danny K. Allen for his

distinguished military service to the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE HEROISM AND COURAGEOUS MILITARY SERVICE OF HASKEL JOE HILL

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Vietnam Era

veteran and Purple Heart Recipient, Haskel Joe Hill (1947 through 2022)

for his distinguished service in the U.S. Army.
Hailing from Harriman,

Tennessee, Haskel Hill served in the Army from October 1964 to October

1973.
He fought in Vietnam and was captured by enemy troops, being held

as a prisoner of war.
His bravery and heroism during the conflict and

throughout his capture earned him the Purple Heart.
Haskel Hill also received the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross,

awarded to him by the former government of South Vietnam, in

recognition of his valor in combat with the enemy.
While he safely

returned to America, he passed away due to complications resulting from

exposure to Agent Orange during the conflict.
Haskel Hill is survived

by his proud daughters, Ida L. Hendrix of Jacksonville, Florida, Helana

J. Cormier of Green Cove Springs, Florida, and Alice Hill of Kingsport,

Tennessee.
Vietnam Era veterans and their surviving family members

deserve our deepest gratitude for their service and sacrifice, and it

is long past due.
Please join me in remembering American hero and patriot, Haskel Hill

for his strength, courage, and bravery.
We are eternally grateful to

him and his valiant military service to our great country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MR.
DONALD WOODFIELD

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Donald Woodfield.
Sadly, Mr. Woodfield passed away on September 3,

2023, at the age of 81.
Donald Woodfield was born in Buffalo, New York on November 24, 1941.
A lifelong patriot, Mr. Woodfield joined the U.S. Air Force, where he

proudly served for 8 years, including during the Vietnam War.