By 2050, they plan to achieve

carbon neutrality by reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by 7

percent annually.
Even the United Nations has taken note, recognizing

District Energy as 1 of just 3 American systems achieving global

standards for best practices.
Now, District Energy customers pay less

for energy today than they did 40 years ago.
Ever-Green Energy was founded in 1998, as a for-profit subsidiary of

the nonprofit District Energy.
Ever-Green Energy brings District

Energy's expertise to not only the management of their operations but

also allows other communities to employ their expertise by hiring them

as consultants for new renewable energy projects.
Ever-Green Energy

manages 10 utility systems, assists communities in developing plans to

meet their climate and carbon reduction goals, helps optimize energy

systems, and more.
In addition to being good for the planet this

strategy is good for the residents of Saint Paul who enjoy low rates

offset by the consulting revenue that subsidizes Ever-Green Energy's

local operations.
Throughout their years of operation, District Energy and Ever-Green

Energy have demonstrated a spirit of innovation and relentless progress

combined with true expertise and sound management.
Their operations

have won praise from all over the world as well as the appreciation of

our entire Saint Paul community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the anniversary of 2

organizations that not only provide heating and cooling for so many in

Saint Paul but also help the rest of the world to become a little

greener.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF POLLACK INVESTMENTS

HON.
ANDY BIGGS

Mr. BIGGS.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the legacy of service and

leadership of Michael Pollack, a resident of Arizona's 5th

Congressional District, and I join him in celebrating his 50th year of

business as the President and Founder of Pollack Investments.
Pollack Investments specializes in commercial restoration and

renovation projects, specifically long-term investments in shopping

centers and other multi-tenant locations.
In his industry, many

developers will look at a property that has fallen into disrepair and

only see a building ripe for demolition.
But, in his own words, Michael

sees ``each real estate project as an opportunity to enhance the fabric

of Arizona's cities, one development at a time.''
That's not just a catchy line.
After renewing these properties to

their full potential, Michael insists that they are held for many

years--even multiple decades--to ensure the long-term success of their

surrounding neighborhoods.
Michael's foresight and unique understanding

a major driver of economic development across the Phoenix metro area,

and what began with Michael building a single home in 1973 has grown

into a staggering portfolio, with commercial real estate assets

totaling in the tens-of-millions of square feet.
Michael's expertise has allowed for success where others have fallen

short, remaining profitable even in the most difficult of economic

times.
And it's in these times that Michael's character has shown

through.
Whether refusing to take advantage of those affected by the

housing crash and economic downturn or working with tenants to make it

through the uncertainty of the COVID era without closing their doors,

Michael has always remained focused on protecting the overall economic

and social health of our cities and their residents.
In this mission,

I'm certain of his continued success.
More importantly, however, Michael's legacy extends far past his

business.
His same passion for revitalization has allowed entire

communities to start fresh by bringing in new development and jobs has

also given hope to individuals and organizations through his

philanthropy and deep community involvement.
One

indicator of a man's heart and his generosity is consistency--and

Michael is widely recognized as one of Arizona's most generous business

leaders both in times of plenty and times of hardship.
I thank Michael

for his tremendous example.
Michael's enduring legacy is one of inspiration, renewal, and

compassion.