Ms. Mathis is also a proud

grandmother of 3 and great-grandmother.
A devoted Catholic, Ms. Mathis

loves her family and the Lord.
She became a Catholic while at Florida A&M College and when Ms.

Mathis returned home to Jacksonville, Florida she joined St. Pius V

Catholic Church.
While a member of St. Pius, she served on several

committees including the Altar Rosary Society, the Welcome and

Outreach, and All Saints Auxiliary.
Ms. Mathis is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority and in 2019

she became a Diamond member of Alpha Kappa Alpha having served

faithfully as a member of the sorority for over 75 years.
I am honored to recognize a dedicated servant to our community and

the Lord, and I wish Ms. Mathis a wonderful 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LYLE TENNIS ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of World War II

veteran Lyle Tennis' honorable service to our Nation and to wish him a

happy 100th birthday.
Lyle Tennis was born in Unity, Wisconsin on September 18, 1923, and

resides in Racine, Wisconsin.
Lyle joined the United States Navy as a

Lieutenant during World War II.
During his service in the Navy, his ship was the target of frequent

and deadly Kamikaze attacks.
During an attack, Lyle saved his

crewmates' lives by notifying the crew to abandon the ship before

sinking and returning to the ship to rescue the remaining crew.
Lyle

was awarded the distinguished Navy Cross for his heroic actions.
In addition to his Navy Cross, Lyle was awarded a Purple Heart,

American Defense Medal, American Campaign Medal, Asiatic-Pacific

Campaign Medal, WWII Victory Medal, Presidential Unit Citation, Combat

Action Ribbon, and the Navy Unit Commendation.
After WWII, Lyle served an additional 28 years in the Naval Reserves

and had a career in education for 31 years.
Lyle Tennis is a genuine

American hero.
On behalf of Wisconsin's First Congressional District, I am honored

to wish Lyle Tennis a happy 100th birthday and recognize his

distinguished service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF WASHINGTON GAS

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 175th

anniversary of Washington Gas, a leading provider of energy services in

the national capital region.
In 1848, Congress passed, and President James Polk signed, an Act

that chartered the Washington Gas Light Company, making Washington Gas

the first congressionally chartered gas company in the country.
Washington Gas was originally responsible for installing gas lights in

the United States Capitol, the White House, and along Pennsylvania

Avenue in the District of Columbia.
Washington Gas expanded its service

into Maryland and Virginia around the turn of the 20th century, and

today provides energy to more than 1.2 million residential, commercial,

and industrial customers in the national capital region.
Over the years, Washington Gas and its employees have supported

various nonprofit, community, civic, and charitable organizations.
This

support has enhanced the quality of life for countless individuals and

families in D.C., Maryland, and Virginia, providing millions of dollars

for vocational training, job placements, and other paths to long-term

employment, including more than $500,000 in scholarships for

underrepresented students in science, technology, engineering, and

mathematics.
Since 2018 alone, Washington Gas' philanthropic programs and

initiatives have contributed more than $7 million in local support.
This funding has advanced programs that support healthy and safe

communities.
Washington Gas employees have provided more than 140,000 hours of

volunteer service since 2005 to organizations in D.C., Maryland, and

Virginia, including the Capital Area Food Bank, Special Olympics DC,

Healthy Babies Project, The Latino Student Fund, The Boys & Girls Clubs

of Greater Washington, INROADS, Junior Achievement, The March of Dimes,

YMCA of Greater Washington, A Wider Circle, and The Leukemia & Lymphoma

Society.