After Jimmy was elected to the Georgia

State Senate in 1962, Rosalynn's role on the peanut farm grew,

especially while he traveled to Atlanta for legislative sessions.
In 1970, Senator Jimmy Carter launched his campaign for governor and

Rosalynn took a leading role on the campaign trail.
In addition to

handling most of her husband's political correspondence and meeting

with constituents, Mrs. Carter began to travel across the state of

Georgia to campaign on his behalf.
From 1971 to 1975, as First Lady of

Georgia, she was an equal partner and close advisor to Governor Carter

and dedicated herself to improving mental health services, serving on

the Governor's Commission to Improve Services for the Mentally and

Emotionally Handicapped where she formally began working on one of her

foremost initiatives: improving and breaking the stigma surrounding

mental health.
Before returning to Plains, Jimmy had already announced he was

running for President in the 1976 election.
Rosalynn was by his side,

as always, and hit the road to talk with voters across the country.
She

told people why she believed this soft-spoken, Georgia peanut farmer

should become president.
In November of 1976, Jimmy Carter became

President-elect of the United States and Rosalynn followed him to the

White House where she would make her own mark in defining what it meant

to be America's First Lady.
As First Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981, Mrs. Carter

attended Cabinet meetings, worked on domestic policy, and served as

Honorary Chair of the President's Commission on Mental Health.
In 1979,

she testified before a U.S. Senate subcommittee in support of the

Mental Health Systems Act, becoming the first First Lady since Eleanor

Roosevelt to testify before Congress.
After leaving the White House, Mrs. Carter remained active in

humanitarian work.
She and President Carter devoted decades to Habitat

for Humanity, where they built and repaired homes in communities around

the world.
In 1982, they founded the Carter Center, a nonprofit human

rights organization, which has since become famous for its work to

eradicate disease, strengthen democracies, and alleviate human

suffering all around the world.
In 1987, she established the Rosalynn

Carter Institute for Caregivers at Georgia Southwestern State

University, which continues to support those caring for loved ones with

chronic illnesses or disabilities.
Over the course of her life, Rosalynn received numerous awards and

honors, including being inducted into the National Women's

Hall of Fame in 2001 and being awarded the Presidential Medal of

Freedom in 1999, which she was jointly awarded alongside President

Carter.
Rosalynn Carter accomplished so much, for so many, for so long.
She

did so with the grace of God as well as the love and support of her

devoted husband, their five children, and their twenty-two

grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
On a personal note, it has been an honor to know Rosalynn and Jimmy

Carter for more than half a century.
I will always cherish their

friendship, as well as their sage counsel and advice which has been

invaluable to me as I have served in Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me,

along with the more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second

Congressional District, in honoring the life and service of Mrs.

Rosalynn Carter on the occasion of her birthday.
We pray for all those

who continue to mourn her loss.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE EQUAL TREATMENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA UNDER

THE RURAL HEALTH TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM ACT OF 2025

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Equal Treatment of

the District of Columbia Under the Rural Health Transformation Program

Act of 2025, which would make the District of Columbia eligible for

funding under the Rural Health Transformation Program (Program).
The

$50 billion Program was established by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act

(H.R. 1).