Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ``Longevity has its place.''
That truth finds a shining example in the remarkable career and impact

of Mrs. Ross, who faithfully served 41 consecutive years with Central

Mississippi, Inc. Head Start, shaping the lives of more than 2,400

children across Holmes County.
Mrs. Ross began her journey in early childhood education as a part-

time secretary at the Holly Grove Head Start Center.
Through her

dedication and love for children, she rose to become a teacher, then

head teacher, and eventually center manager.
Even after the closing of

Holly Grove, her commitment never wavered.
She continued to serve with

excellence at the Goodman Head Start Center until her recent

retirement.
More than an educator, Mrs. Ross was a life-mentor.
From her handmade

brown-paper-bag puppets ``Mr. Do'' and ``Mr. Don't,'' to the life

lessons she instilled in every classroom, she taught not only ABCs and

123s, but discipline, respect, and purpose.
Her former students have

gone on to become teachers, entrepreneurs, ministers, realtors, health

professionals, farmers, public servants, and even Head Start managers

themselves.
In every one of their stories, her legacy endures.
She holds a national Child Development Associate credential and has

received numerous awards throughout her career.
Yet, her greatest

reward came from the joy of watching children grow, thrive, and

succeed--and from the unwavering support of her late husband, Mr.

Albert Ross, her daughters Rose Berry, Lawanda Ross, and Pamela Wiley,

and her beloved grandchildren.
Even in retirement, Mrs. Ross remains a pillar of the Mt. Olive

Missionary Baptist Church in Lexington, Mississippi, where her

celebration drew nearly 100 well-wishers--friends, family, and former

students who came from as far as the West Coast and Chicago.
The event

featured touching tributes, musical performances, and reflections from

those whose lives she touched most deeply.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and

celebrating Mrs. Monzola Randle Ross for her extraordinary devotion to

early childhood education, her love for her community, and her enduring

legacy of compassion, excellence, and service.
Mississippi is better

because of her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE URBAN LEAGUE OF NWI AND THE

SERVICE OF DR.
VANESSA ALLEN-McCLOUD

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere admiration that I rise to

recognize the 80th Anniversary of the Urban League of Northwest Indiana

(NWI) and its invaluable contributions to our region.
I also congratulate Dr. Vanessa Allen-McCloud on 15 years of service

as President and CEO of the Urban League of NWI.
Leaders and community

members will gather to proudly celebrate these milestones at the Oak

Jubilee Celebration at Indiana University Northwest in Gary, Indiana,

on August 21, 2025.
On June 25, 1945, the Urban League of Gary was founded with the

commitment to strive for equal opportunities for all citizens.
As an

affiliate of the National Urban League, the organization was

established to remove racial barriers that prevented African Americans

from enjoying equal opportunities in housing, employment, education and

the many other facets of American life.
The Board of Directors later

reorganized in 1970 as the Urban League of NWI Inc. to better reflect

their service to communities in Lake, Porter, and LaPorte Counties.
For

80 years, the Urban League of NWI has promoted, encouraged, and

enhanced services to improve social, educational, and economic

conditions for African Americans and other minority groups across

Northwest Indiana.
The Urban League of NWI has played a pivotal role in

the lives of countless residents, including advancing educational

opportunities for low-income students through its annual scholarship

fair at Indiana University Northwest.
The Urban League's grand impact on the Region would not be possible

without its dedicated staff and the exceptional leadership of Dr.

Vanessa Allen-McCloud.