ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Equal Treatment of

the District of Columbia Under the Rural Health Transformation Program

Act of 2025, which would make the District of Columbia eligible for

funding under the Rural Health Transformation Program (Program).
The

$50 billion Program was established by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act

(H.R. 1).
While the Program's title refers to rural health, H.R. 1

permits the Program's funds to be used for health care services,

providers and technology outside rural areas.
Senate Republicans, who created the Program, made only the 50 states

eligible for funding, likely depriving D.C. of hundreds of millions of

dollars.
D.C. is treated as a state for most federal programs because

D.C. residents pay the same federal taxes as residents of states, and

there is no reason D.C. should not be eligible for the Program's funds.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LAND OF MAKE BELIEVE, THE WORLD'S GREATEST AMUSEMENT

PARK

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Land of Make

Believe being named the ``World's Greatest Amusement Park'' by the

nationally televised ``World's Greatest! . . .''
Located in Hope Township, New Jersey, the Land of Make Believe has

provided lasting entertainment and fun in the Northern New Jersey area

for over seven decades.
Since its founding in 1954 by Herman Maier, the

park has remained family-owned and operated, with the Maier family

upholding the same high standards of excellence and service that have

defined it from the beginning.
These high standards also earned the

Land of Make Believe the award of ``Best Theme Park in New Jersey'' by

MSN.com earlier this summer.
Christopher Maier, Herman's son and the

park's current owner, credited its most recent achievement to the

park's enduring commitment to affordability, safety, and family-

centered fun.
As we celebrate this accomplishment, I invite my colleagues to join

me in honoring this

beloved institution and its legacy.
I look forward to seeing it

continue to bring joy to generations of families for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO LISA KAWAMURA--CALIFORNIA'S 24TH CONGRESSIONAL WOMAN OF THE

YEAR

HON.
SALUD O. CARBAJAL

Mr. CARBAJAL.
Mr. Speaker, each year, through the Women of the Year

Award, my office extends special recognition to women on the Central

Coast who have made a difference in our community.
I would like to

recognize one outstanding Women of the Year Award recipient, Lisa

Kawamura of Arroyo Grande, California.
For more than 25 years, Lisa has been a dedicated lecturer in the

Department of Communication Studies at California Polytechnic State

University, San Luis Obispo.
She has taught hundreds of students in

public speaking, performance studies, and forensics, leaving a lasting

mark as a mentor and role model.
Beyond the classroom, she has served

as the longtime advisor to the Nikkei Student Union Club, ensuring that

students have a supportive community and opportunities for leadership.
Lisa's leadership extends well beyond the campus.
As President of the

Cal Poly Chapter of the California Faculty Association and as Chair of

the statewide Committee on Contract Development and Bargaining

Strategy, she has been a steadfast advocate for fair pay, equity, and

improved working conditions for all California State University

faculty.
She also represents her peers on the CFA statewide Board of

Directors, amplifying the voices of faculty throughout the CSU system.
Her commitment to equity is evident in her leadership of CalFac's Anti-

Racism and Social Justice workshops, which she regularly co-leads

across California.
As a Japanese-American woman and longtime Central

Coast resident, she brings both lived experience and deep empathy to

her work, encouraging other women of color to speak up, advocate for

themselves, and pursue leadership opportunities.
Lisa's service to the Asian, Pacific Islander, and Desi American

community is equally significant.