Her election as secretary of state in 1974 made her the first woman

in Minnesota's history to win a statewide election without prior

appointment.
Her 24-year tenure also made her the second longest

serving secretary of state in our state's history.
During this time,

she found creative ways to encourage voter participation, from voter

education campaigns to friendly contests between cities.
As a result,

Minnesota was named the Nation's ``Votingest State'' under her watch--

beginning a legacy of strong voter turnout that continues to this day.
Since leaving public office, Joan has worked tirelessly to ensure

that all elections remain accessible and secure.
She has been selected

to serve as an official election observer in various foreign elections

and served on the advisory committee for the Hubert H. Humphrey

Institute of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota.
Her

expertise in voting and elections is known worldwide, and she continues

to make our state proud wherever she goes.
I thank Joan for everything she has done for our shared democratic

values, for every glass ceiling that she's broken, and for being such a

dear friend.
I wish her a Happy Birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARC SALTZBERG

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the remarkable life and legacy

of my friend Marc Saltzberg.
He passed away peacefully on June 27,

2025, surrounded by his loving family following a prolonged battle with

cancer.
After his retirement from a successful career in information

technology, Marc dedicated himself to political activism.
He became an

integral member of local advocacy organizations, tirelessly supporting

causes that he was passionate about.
More than just a supporter, Marc

sought to create spaces for open and thoughtful civil and political

discourse within his community, fostering engagement at the grassroot

level in ways that uplifted those around him.
Born in Chicago, Marc's journey took him to Carleton College, where

he met his beloved wife, Nancy.
Their shared passion for travel led

them to countless adventures as a couple.
In their youth, they hiked in

Nepal, explored Turkey, and cycled in France.
In later years, they

returned to Turkey with their three children, Jenny, Alex, and Maria,

as a testament to their lifelong sense of wonder and curiosity.
Marc's contributions to his community and to the causes he held dear

are a true testament to his character.
His commitment to the betterment

of society was unwavering, and he and his family were committed to

supporting organizations serving communities in need and environmental

causes.
Some of these organizations included Planned Parenthood, the

American Civil Liberties Union, Doctors Without Borders, the Monterey

Bay Aquarium and many more.
These causes reflected Marc's enduring

belief in justice, compassion, and a better future for all.
Marc is survived by his wife Nancy, his children Jenny, Alex, and

Maria, and his grandchildren.
May his contributions to serving people

in need live on through the people and organizations that he touched

throughout his life.
Marc was a proud father, grandfather, and dedicated activist.
His

legacy of service and engagement will continue to inspire and guide

many after him.
May his memory be a blessing to all who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
MONZOLA RANDLE ROSS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

lifelong educator, community matriarch, and steadfast servant leader,

Mrs. Monzola Randle Ross of Cruger, Mississippi.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ``Longevity has its place.''
That truth finds a shining example in the remarkable career and impact

of Mrs. Ross, who faithfully served 41 consecutive years with Central

Mississippi, Inc. Head Start, shaping the lives of more than 2,400

children across Holmes County.
Mrs. Ross began her journey in early childhood education as a part-

time secretary at the Holly Grove Head Start Center.