For

80 years, the Urban League of NWI has promoted, encouraged, and

enhanced services to improve social, educational, and economic

conditions for African Americans and other minority groups across

Northwest Indiana.
The Urban League of NWI has played a pivotal role in

the lives of countless residents, including advancing educational

opportunities for low-income students through its annual scholarship

fair at Indiana University Northwest.
The Urban League's grand impact on the Region would not be possible

without its dedicated staff and the exceptional leadership of Dr.

Vanessa Allen-McCloud.
Her contributions as President and CEO over the

past 15 years exemplify her commitment to civil service, education, and

her community, serving as an inspiration for all in our region.
Dr.

Allen-McCloud holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Organizational

Leadership, a Master of Education, and a Doctorate in Educational

Leadership and Administration.
She incorporates her rigorous academic

background each day to maximize the support that the Urban League

provides to its surrounding residents.
Dr. Allen-McCloud has received

many prestigious awards for her work in the community and these, along

with her numerous accomplishments leading the Urban League of NWI

during the past 15 years, are a testament to her commendable character

and work ethic.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues

join me in honoring the Urban League of NWI and Dr. Vanessa Allen-

McCloud on these two notable milestones.
Throughout the years, the

dedicated staff and leaders of the Urban League of NWI have worked

diligently to expand the opportunities offered to minority groups to

promote fair access to a successful future, and they deserve great

recognition for their contributions and commitment to communities

across Northwest Indiana.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FORMER FIRST LADY, MRS.
ROSALYNN CARTER

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

a former First Lady of the United States, former First Lady of Georgia,

a devoted wife, loving mother, proud grandmother and great-grandmother,

tireless advocate, and dear friend, Mrs. Rosalynn Carter.
Mrs. Carter

transitioned from this life on November 19, 2023.
On August 18, 2025, a

wreath was laid at her burial site in Plains, Georgia to commemorate

her birthday and all she did to serve humankind.
Rosalynn Carter was born and raised in Plains, Georgia to the union

of Wilburn Edgar Smith and Frances Allethea ``Allie'' Murray Smith.
She

graduated as valedictorian of Plains High School and then attended

Georgia Southwestern College--now Georgia Southwestern State

University--in Americus, Georgia where she served as Vice President of

her class and graduated in 1946.
In 1945 she began dating James Earl

``Jimmy'' Carter, Jr., also from Plains and whose family farmed

peanuts.
Jimmy was attending the United States Naval Academy in

Annapolis, Maryland, at the time.
Jimmy and Rosalynn married in Plains

on July 7, 1946, and they would go on to spend seventy-seven cherished

years together.
In 1953, following the death of President Carter's father, the

Carters returned to Plains and Mrs. Carter assumed responsibility for

bookkeeping at the family peanut farm and established herself as an

essential part of the business.
After Jimmy was elected to the Georgia

State Senate in 1962, Rosalynn's role on the peanut farm grew,

especially while he traveled to Atlanta for legislative sessions.
In 1970, Senator Jimmy Carter launched his campaign for governor and

Rosalynn took a leading role on the campaign trail.
In addition to

handling most of her husband's political correspondence and meeting

with constituents, Mrs. Carter began to travel across the state of

Georgia to campaign on his behalf.