MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

accomplishments of Mr. Anthony DeWayne Baker, Sr.--a pillar of our

Dallas community.
Mr. Baker was a graduate of David W. Carter High School in Dallas,

Texas before rising through the ranks of Airbus helicopters.
Anthony

then went back to school, graduating from Dallas Baptist University

with a Bachelor's Degree in Business in 2005.
Anthony's first job was

employment at Walls Services delivering sheet rock and in 1991 his

career in the aerospace industry began when he landed a job working in

the Bond shop at Vought Aircraft, formerly known as LTV.
However, after

3 years with his newfound skills he accepted a temporary position as a

blade repairman at American Eurocopter (Airbus), and due to his hard

work and determined mindset he was later offered a permanent position.
Mr. Baker eventually capped off his illustrious career as Vice

President for Customer Support at Airbus Helicopters, the first

African-American to hold the position.
Throughout his lifetime he overcame many barriers both personally and

professionally, while always looking for ways to help others.
He was a

man of faith who proudly served our community for many years in his

capacity as a Deacon, a member of the Cedar Hill Volunteer Fire

Brigade; he was the current President of Summit at Lake Ridge HOA; he

served on the UTA Engineering Board of Advisors; a member of the Grand

Prairie United Charities Board of Directors, and was involved in

countless other charitable endeavors.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those who knew and loved

Anthony, particularly his wife, Stacie, and his two children, Anthony

DeWayne Baker, Jr. and Avery Alexander Baker.
May his memory last

forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LAWRENCE ``LARRY'' AMENDOLA

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I use today

to pay tribute to the life and legacy of an outstanding member of the

New Haven community and my dear friend, Lawrence Amendola.
Larry was an

extraordinary man who dedicated a lifetime of service to the City of

New Haven, particularly the Wooster Square neighborhood we both called

home.
Born and raised in New Haven, Connecticut, Larry enlisted in the

United States Army after graduating from high school.
Stationed in

Germany for the majority of his military service, he was honorably

discharged before returning to New Haven to begin his career.
Larry

spent his professional life as a civil servant, beginning his City

employment at the CETA Program and later working for the Department of

Parks and Recreation, retiring at the age of 75.
Larry also served as President of AFSCME Local 3144 Management Union,

one of City's largest unions, for over 20 years.
It was in this role

that he had the most impact--where he fought on behalf of hundreds of

city employees, negotiating contracts that ensured good wages and

health benefits as well as pension and retirement security.
Larry

understood better than most the benefits of the union and he worked

tirelessly on behalf of those he represented.
While Larry dedicated his professional life to the City of New Haven,

he also dedicated much of his time and energy to the community as well.
He served as Vice-President and President of the Saint Andrew the

Apostle Society--one of the Italian American social organizations whose

goal is to preserve and celebrate our shared Italian heritage.
Larry

served in these roles for more than 30 years and volunteered countless

hours at the Society's annual festival.
His work in the community was

recognized when he was awarded the Steve Vuolo Award.
I am fortunate in that I knew Larry for most of my life.
He was a

close family friend, having worked with both of my parents over the

years.
I had the opportunity to work with Larry early in my career.