Pastor Waddles received a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Truman

State University, a Master of Theology with a concentration in Pastoral

Leadership from Dallas Theological Seminary, and a Master of

Educational Administration from Texas A&M. In 1984, he was licensed to

preach at the Ninth Street Baptist Church in Lawrence, Kansas and was

also ordained at Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church on December 1,

1995.
After serving Sunset Missionary Baptist Church of Texarkana in

Texas for over ten years, Pastor Waddles began his service as Pastor of

the Second Baptist Church in Ypsilanti, Michigan, in March 2014.
Under

his leadership, the Second Baptist Church has become a pillar of

Ypsilanti, and continues its important mission of serving the

community.
Pastor Waddles has led by example and embodies the mission of the

church: Connection, Commitment, and Community.
During his decade of

service, Pastor Waddles has been deeply involved with ministry teams to

better serve his community, and the church continues to make a positive

impact by promoting the Making Strides Cancer Walk, participating in

the Ypsilanti 4th of July Parade, and collecting backpacks and school

supplies to help students.
Pastor Waddles has also been a lecturer and

instructor in the National Baptist Congress of Christian Education and

the Wolverine State Convention and Huron Valley District Association.
He has served as Dean, and currently is the President of the Huron

Valley District Congress of Christian Education.
Across all these

roles, Pastor Waddle has remained committed to serving his community

and uplifting all those within it.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Pastor

Waddles for his decade of public service in Ypsilanti.
His commitment

to his faith, community, and mission is truly inspiring.
I join Pastor

Waddle's family, friends, and congregation in extending my best wishes

to him during this time, and I am sure he will continue to serve his

community far into the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF EDDIE BROWN

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Eddie Brown of

Sherman, Texas for a lifetime of outstanding service to our community.
Mr. Brown served as the President and CEO of the Sherman Chamber of

Commerce until his retirement on March 15, 2024.
A native of Dallas, Mr. Brown attended East Texas State University in

Commerce, Texas.
After graduation, he began his lengthy career with the

Coca-Cola Bottling Company.
In

1986, Mr. Brown moved to Sherman with his family to become Cola-Cola's

Sales Center Manager, a position he held for over 24 years.
During this

time, Mr. Brown's longtime support of the Sherman business community,

as well as his many years of community involvement, did not go

unnoticed.
After he briefly retired in 2010, he was selected the

following year by members of the Sherman Chamber to serve as its

Interim President.
In 2012, Mr. Brown became its President and Chief

Executive Officer.
Through various initiatives and visionary

leadership, he laid the foundation for the Sherman business community's

tremendous growth and economic success.
During his 13-year career with the Sherman Chamber, Mr. Brown served

on the board of the Texas Chamber of Commerce Executives to advocate

for the business community and unite business leaders across North

Texas.
He was also a board member of the Boys and Girls Club of Sherman

and the Sherman ISD Education Foundation.
Moreover, Mr. Brown led

efforts to connect Grayson College and the Texas Association of

Business to ensure it received newly enacted education funding.
In his

free time, he enjoys golfing, traveling, and the outdoors.
I am proud

of the work Mr. Brown has accomplished for our business and education

community.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to honor Mr. Brown's lifetime of service to the people of North

Texas.
May God Bless him.