I am fortunate in that I knew Larry for most of my life.
He was a

close family friend, having worked with both of my parents over the

years.
I had the opportunity to work with Larry early in my career.
I

was working with the Community Action Institute--at the Skill Center on

Cedar Street--and Larry and I partnered to organize additional city

employees.
He was not only a friend, but a great mentor.
I learned a

lot from him and was always grateful for his support and friendship

throughout my own career.
Lawrence ``Larry'' Amendola was a remarkable member of our community.
His passing leaves a hole in our community that will not easily be

filled.
I extend my deepest sympathies to his companion of nearly 20

years, Flora D'Elsi, as well as his many cherished nieces, nephews,

great and great-great nieces and nephews.
His passion, advocacy, and

commitment to service will long serve as an example to which we should

all strive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WORKERS MEMORIAL DAY 2024

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Workers

Memorial Day 2024 and the workers who have both lost their lives or

risk their lives in unsafe working conditions on a daily basis.
Too

many people across the country, even today in 2024, are still forced to

choose between a paycheck and having a safe and healthy workplace.
This

is unacceptable, and on Workers Memorial Day we remember all the

workers who have been injured or have lost their lives on the job.
As a Member of Congress, I am dedicated to working to ensure that

Congress and the

federal government both strengthen protections for workers in the

workplace and defend the rights of workers to organize and create

strong unions.
For this reason, I am proud to be an original cosponsor

Washington to push Congress to take up and pass pro-worker legislation.
As someone who got their start in the labor movement, I will never

stop advocating on behalf of the working men and women who serve as the

backbone of this country.
On this Workers Memorial Day, I am proud to

take this opportunity to honor them and the sacrifices they have made

over the years to fight for their right to be treated with dignity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, INCORPORATED

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Alpha Kappa Alpha

Sorority, Incorporated for their dedication to the principles of

sisterhood, academic excellence, and public service.
For over 116

years, AKA has been a beacon of empowerment for women and a force for

positive change in our communities.
I would like to acknowledge the Central Director Kiahna Davis, State

Social Action & Connection Chair Sherri Hale, my friend Erica Austin,

the Illinois State Co-Coordinator, and Illinois General Assembly

Liaison Erika Weaver.
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority has exemplified leadership and a

commitment to uplifting young women from across the country.
The

sorority's dedication to academic excellence, social justice, and

community service has served as an inspiration to countless people

across the country.
I want to sincerely thank members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc

for their enduring contributions to society.
I also want to wish them

the best as they visit the Illinois State Capitol, located in

Springfield, for their annual day of advocacy.
I look forward to seeing

what they are able to accomplish in the coming years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY, INC.
HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commend and honor the

outstanding work of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated, an

organization that has long been a beacon of hope and a catalyst for

social justice in our communities.