In 1963, Col.
Hanson commissioned into the

United States Air Force and served as a pilot with the 615th Tactical

Fighter Squadron and the 522nd Tactical Fighter Squadron.
During the

Vietnam War, he flew 315 combat missions in the F-100 Super Sabre

fighter jet.
Prior to retiring from military service in 1992, Col.
Hanson served as the Commander of the Air Force ROTC Detachment 225 at

the University of Notre Dame.
He remained at Notre Dame until 2005,

where he served as the Assistant Vice President and Director of the

Office of Research.
Currently, Col.
Hanson works part-time at the Warren Golf Course at

Notre Dame.
He is married to his wife Nancy, and together, they raised

two children and have many more grandchildren.
In his free time, Col.
Hanson participates in community service projects for Kiwanis

International and volunteers as a Court Appointed Special Advocate to

support children in need.
He also enjoys playing golf and walking his

German Shorthair puppy.
I am proud to recognize Col.
Hanson today for

his important contributions to our community.
It is an honor to bestow Col.
Hanson with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JORDYN GOINS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jordyn Goins

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Jordyn has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Jordyn, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Jordyn's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Jordyn Goins on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOSEPHINE KING

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Josephine King

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Josephine has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Josephine, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Josephine's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning

of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Josephine King on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PASTOR GEORGE W. WADDLES, JR.,
FOR HIS DECADE OF SERVICE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor George W.

Waddles, Jr., on the occasion of his 10 years of service to the Second

Baptist Church of Ypsilanti, Michigan.
His significant service to his

congregation and community is worthy of commendation.
Pastor Waddles received a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Truman

State University, a Master of Theology with a concentration in Pastoral

Leadership from Dallas Theological Seminary, and a Master of

Educational Administration from Texas A&M. In 1984, he was licensed to

preach at the Ninth Street Baptist Church in Lawrence, Kansas and was

also ordained at Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church on December 1,

1995.
After serving Sunset Missionary Baptist Church of Texarkana in

Texas for over ten years, Pastor Waddles began his service as Pastor of

the Second Baptist Church in Ypsilanti, Michigan, in March 2014.
Under

his leadership, the Second Baptist Church has become a pillar of

Ypsilanti, and continues its important mission of serving the

community.