HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commend and honor the

outstanding work of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated, an

organization that has long been a beacon of hope and a catalyst for

social justice in our communities.
Since its inception, Alpha Phi

Alpha, Inc. has stood firmly at the forefront of the fight for fairness

and equity, tirelessly advocating for the rights and well-being of all

people.
I also want to acknowledge the invaluable contributions of Alpha Phi

Alpha, particularly Midwestern Regional Vice President Frank Stacy Jr.,

Illinois State Director Dr. Leonard McKinnis II, and Michael Gaines and

Robert Dixon, the Directors of Illinois Day at the Capitol.
Their

commitment to community empowerment and activism serves as an

inspiration to us all.
Together, these individuals and organizations embody the spirit of

service and selflessness, working tirelessly to provide communities

with the tools, knowledge, and support they need to amplify their

voices and effect positive change.
They remind us that true empowerment

begins with collective action and a commitment to social justice.
I

wish them all the best as they visit the Illinois State Capitol,

located in my district, for their annual advocacy day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT BARBARA WOODROOF

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Barbara

Woodroof of Gunter, Texas, and present her with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
Barbara has dedicated herself to serving and uplifting

our community.
A native of Massachusetts, Barbara lived in the Bay State until 1978.
She received a bachelor's degree from St. Mary's College in South Bend,

Indiana, and a Master of Arts in Teaching from Duke University.
After

graduation, Barbara taught science in Massachusetts, Texas, and

Okinawa, Japan for many years.
She met her wonderful husband George

while teaching at Kadena Air Force Base in Okinawa, and they married in

1980.
Afterwards, they moved to Texas, where Barbara served as the

Director of Religious Education at St. Michaels' Catholic Church in

McKinney and the Holy Family Catholic Church in Van Alstyne.
In this

capacity, she taught confirmation class and worked as a Safe

Environment Officer.
In 1997, Barbara became the Precinct Chair of the Grayson County

Republican Party after working as an election judge and clerk.
She was

elected as the County Chair in 2017 and oversaw Grayson County's

election procedures and operations for five years.
Additionally,

Barbara served on the Grayson County College Foundation Board and

helped raise money to provide students in our community with

scholarships.
For her outstanding work and efforts, the GCRP has

presented Barbara with the Eisenhower Award and the Chairman's Award.
Currently, she volunteers for the St. Vincent de Paul Food Pantry at

St. Michaels and helps fundraise and campaign for local candidates.
In

her free time, she enjoys gardening, scrapbooking, and traveling.
I am

proud of the work Barbara has accomplished, and I am sure she will

continue to make a positive impact on our community for many years to

come.
It is an honor to bestow Barbara with the Patriot Award for her

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT HOWARD HANSON

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Howard

Hanson of Granger, Indiana, and present him with the Congressional

Patriot Award for a lifetime of service to our Nation.
Col.
Hanson was born on June 28, 1940, in Slayton, Minnesota.
He

spent most of his childhood on a family farm and had a desire to serve

and defend his country.
In 1963, Col.
Hanson commissioned into the

United States Air Force and served as a pilot with the 615th Tactical

Fighter Squadron and the 522nd Tactical Fighter Squadron.
During the

Vietnam War, he flew 315 combat missions in the F-100 Super Sabre

fighter jet.