E. Kelly, Sr. who was welcomed home with the Lord on December 21, 2022.
Pastor Kelly accepted the call of ministry in 1985 as the assistant pastor at Good News Church of Christ Holiness U.S.A. in Pasadena, CA.
Six years later, God moved Pastor Kelly and his family to Colorado Springs where he served at Focus on the Family for 23 years.
On September 6, 1992, Pastor Kelly and his family joined two other families to establish Good News Church, initialing meeting in a small room at New Hope Baptist Church.
Good News Church mission statement was founded on Matthew 28; 18-20, ``Reaching families and our community with the transforming power of Jesus Christ through Evangelism, Education, and Exhortation.''
In addition to shepherding local congregations such as Good News Church, Pastor Kelly served the Pikes Peak Region for over 23 years.
As the Regional Manager of Pastoral Ministries in California and Colorado under the leadership of H.B London Jr. Pastor Kelly graced and served other pastors of every denomination and faith.
He provided encouragement and counsel to countless pastors and their families.
Pastor Kelly and his wife, Daisy together raised four children: Darnell, Nicole, Crystal, and Ralph, Jr.
Their family heritage continues with nine grandchildren:
Amari, Jocelyn, Savannah, Kai'Lon, McKenzie, Justice, Kennedy, Kai'Lynn and Brooklynn.
Pastor Kelly and Daisy blessed the Colorado Springs community by living out the example of how to bring your family up in the Lord.
Further, as evidence of their true ministry partnership, Pastor Kelly and Daisy together received their Bachelor of Religious Education from the United Theological Bible College & Seminary in 1998, in Colorado Springs.
Pastor Kelly's life of ministry to pastors epitomizes the pastoral epistles, ``I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith: Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His appearing,'' (2 Tim. 4:7-8).
Rest in peace Christian Soldier; his duty has ended.
He has fought the good fight.