I wish to start by saying that we are all thinking of those who have died at HMP Parc, their family and friends, and the governor and her staff.
I appreciate that, as this matter is currently under investigation, we are limited in what we can say today, but it is important none the less that we give voice to this crisis.
It was shocking that the prisons ombudsman had to warn prisoners at HMP Parc to throw away drugs immediately due to the severe risk that those particular ones posed to public health.
I hope that the Minister can outline what specific steps are being taken—in fact he has already done so—to remove drugs and ensure that we do not have further unnecessary and tragic deaths.
He has promised action, but we do not want this to be yet another bout of activity that happens after the fact and does not last.
Drugs featured in the decision by the chief inspector of prisons to issue an urgent notification concerning Wandsworth prison last week.
He went on to address the chronic lack of national leadership—from the HMPPS to the Ministry of Justice.
We are looking at a national failure of leadership across our prison estate.
Drugs are fuelling the violence that we see in our prisons.
We are witnessing a crisis across the prison estate—a crisis of 14 years of Conservative rule.
In the spirit of today’s question, I thank the Minister for his commitment, but ask him whether the action plan that he has just outlined will continue once HMP Parc sinks from the headlines.
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for her question.
If it is helpful, I will write to her in the same terms that I have written to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , to give some more information that I may not be able to say fully at the Dispatch Box.
As she kindly acknowledged, I have set out the steps that are currently being taken to restrict supply, and to tackle at source those scanners and measures at the gate.
As I understand it, there is a bid for enhanced gate security, which is currently being looked at and taken forward by HMPPS.
At the appropriate time, I am happy to update her in the usual way.
On promoting recovery, training has been undertaken by around 400 staff in the use of naloxone, which, when administered, can swiftly counteract the effect of, for example, nitazenes.
That is an important step forward.
In terms of reducing demand, we are working at the prison with the alcohol and drug treatment centre Dyfo—this is where Welsh colleagues will correct my pronunciation— Dyfodol.
I am grateful to the shadow Minister.
We are engaging with Dyfodol, and indeed the health board.
We are also supporting the Welsh emerging drugs and identification of novel substances project through prison radio and literature, to seek to be integrated and joined up in tackling what is, as I say, a challenge for both the prison and the community.
I reiterate the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  on the way the Minister has engaged.
In Gwent, this is more than just a few headlines.
This is not the first time that the area has had to endure a spate of deaths like this—in a very different setting, but still a  worrying one.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore touched on the social media speculation.
It is not just a case of some irresponsible people; there is genuine worry about what this means for communities and for the town.
Where does the buck stop?
Where does the accountability line take us?
Is it to G4S or to the Ministry of Justice?
Who does it reach at the top?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
He alluded to a point made by the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) , that I failed to answer.
I reassure her and him that the focus on this matter will be sustained even when it is not necessarily on the front page of newspapers, because we recognise that the necessary work cannot be done overnight; it will take sustained focus and sustained work from the team there.
My hon.
Friend rightly alluded to the challenges that social media can pose, in an already sensitive situation, by exacerbating community concerns.
I hope that some of what I have said, going as far as I could, will help to reassure him on some of the issues.
On his final point, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , this is essentially a shared responsibility between G4S, HMPPS, the council, the health board, the police and others, because this is a challenge for both the community and the prison, and it will be best tackled and resolved by working together in that spirit of co-operation.
The nine deaths at HMP Parc in less than three months highlight how prisoner welfare in Wales is fragmented, with responsibilities split between the Welsh Government and the MOJ.
Ultimately, of course, devolution of justice will streamline responsibility, but given that health is devolved, does the Minister agree that deaths in prisons in Wales should be subject to scrutiny both here and at the Senedd’s Legislation, Justice and Constitution Committee?
With the caveat that we do not have the final reports from the coroner or final findings from the PPO, we have to remember that the deaths appear to have a range of causes, so we need to be a little cautious in respect of the conclusions we draw at this point.
On the right hon.
Lady’s underlying point, she is right about the devolution of health.
That is why working with the local health board is extremely important, but I consider that the current arrangements on justice, and on the scrutiny of matters relating to justice and prisons, are adequate.
A constituent of mine who is detained in the prison says that he feels unsafe in Parc.
He describes prisoners walking around with shanks just to feel safe.
The prison has said that safety is a priority, but my constituent’s parents feel that their son is in danger.
Staff will also be very concerned.
It cannot be right that knives are easily carried.
How many knives have been taken off prisoners in the last six months in Parc prison?
I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the exact answer he wants now, but I am very happy to write to him with that information.
On his broader point about safety and assaults on staff or on prisoners,  while assaults on staff by prisoners remain too high, they are significantly down from where they were in 2016-17—although, as far as I am concerned, any assault on a member of staff is one assault too many.
Similarly, the number of prisoner-on-prisoner assaults in custody at Parc has come down significantly from where it was in 2015, 2016 and 2017, but it still remains too high.
There is more to do, but if I am able to extract the information he seeks, I will happily write to him.
We know that roughly two thirds of prisoners arriving on the secure estate have suffered a brain injury before they arrive in prison.
That can lead to poor executive functioning, anxiety and depression—all problems that can be massively exacerbated by being in prison.
I understand that the MOJ wants all prisoners to be screened for brain injury when they arrive in prison.
Is that happening at Parc, and are those people then getting the support they need to be able to function as best as possible given those circumstances in prison?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman for his work campaigning on this issue, on which I have interacted with him previously as a Health Minister.
On his specific question, it is important to remember, in the context of this very challenging issue, that Parc is generally a well-run prison.
One thing that stands out there, which I saw when I visited, is the specialist neurodivergence wing and the work being done there with specialist trained officers and staff to understand the specific needs of those individuals.
If he was ever at a loose end and able to visit—with the permission of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgend (Dr Wallis)  and  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) —I think that he would find the work being done there encouraging and fascinating.
I encourage him to go.
I agree with what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  has said today.
Many constituents have been in touch with our office in recent weeks, and one mother this morning said, “Every day I expect a phone call fearing the worst.
Is my son going to be another statistic?”
Some parents, including that constituent, have raised concerns over a long period about drugs.
Does the Minister understand that actions so far have done little to reassure those with loved ones in prison and that they need to know that the Government are acting urgently?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for articulating the understandable concerns of parents, family and others in a typically sensitive and measured way.
It is right that those voices are heard in this Chamber.
I hope that some of what I have said today will provide a little more clarity and reassurance, but the other reassurance I can offer is that I will continue to take a close, direct and personal interest in the ongoing work to resolve issues that may remain in Parc.
We have all been saddened by events at Parc.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact on the mental health of prisoners, both in Parc and elsewhere, of staffing shortages that force prisoners to spend 23 hours each day in their cells and leave them without access to appropriate rehabilitation courses?
What steps will he take to remedy the situation?
I can offer the hon.
Lady reassurance that the regime for time out of cell at Parc is one of the most effective in the prison system, with extensive periods out of cell being facilitated.
She quite rightly talks about mental health; it is important in this context to remember, as she does, the mental health not only of those prisoners, but of the prison staff and prison officers who are impacted by a death in custody.
We are working closely with the prison, and the prison is working closely with the health board, to ensure that that, among other things, is addressed.
One inmate at HMP Parc is reported to have been moved there from HMP Exeter.
Devon Live reported on a dangerous inmate who was moved to Parc after he threw boiling water in the face of an officer and attacked another prisoner with a tin opener without any warning or provocation.
Does the Minister feel satisfied that officers and inmates will be safe from prisoners at HMP Parc?
As I set out earlier, although I consider assault rates still to be too high, they are lower than they were in 2015-16 and similar years.
It is clear that any assault on a member of staff is one too many.
Sadly, assaults occur across the estate, and that is why we are backing our staff with body-worn cameras, and why they have PAVA, for example, which they can deploy when they are at imminent risk.