The Secretary of State is right to say that “in due course” is on people’s lips, because the reality is that 270,000 WASPI women have now died, as they do with every passing day.
Indeed, nine WASPI  women would have died in the time our Select Committee hearing took on Tuesday.
Is not the issue here that the Government hope that this issue will be lost during the course of an election campaign, and that the two big parties can concoct a situation in which we ignore the matter, more women will die, and more 1950s women will be denied the justice that they deserve?
I simply do not accept that that is a fair assessment of the very considerable time and effort that we are putting into taking this matter extremely seriously.
If he will make an estimate of the number of in-work universal credit claimants that have had payments stopped due to errors made by his Department in the last 12 months.
No estimate has been made, but customers can request a mandatory reconsideration if they do not agree with a decision to stop their universal credit.
My constituent Georgina Mitchell is a single mum to three children, two of whom have additional needs.
She works as a nurse and is in receipt of universal credit.
The Minister says that work pays, but since October, Georgina has had her benefits stopped intermittently because the DWP has falsely recorded her earnings as £19,000 one month, £12,000 the next, and so on and so forth.
She cannot pay her social landlord, and her ability to pay for childcare is severely impacted.
I have raised the matter with local officials, but despite assurances, it keeps happening.
She cannot sort this, and despite my interventions, I cannot seem to sort it.
Will the Secretary of State or the Minister investigate the matter urgently, and advise me on why these mistakes keep happening and on what will be done to ensure that they do not happen again?
I am very concerned to hear about the case that the hon.
Lady has raised.
I am more than happy to look into it if she contacts me further, and I recognise the urgency with which we would need to do that.
What recent estimate he has made of the number of pensioners in poverty.
Poverty among pensioners has remained stable, with no statistically significant changes since 2022-23.
The number of pensioners with relative low income decreased by 1% in 2023 to 16%, and since 2010, over 200,000 pensioners have been lifted out of poverty.
My inbox is full of constituents who are sick of the economic chaos inflicted by this Government and by the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) .
Can the Minister explain why the number of elderly  individuals resorting to food banks has doubled in the past year to nearly 100,000?
Are the people of Bury South wrong, and if they are, what is the reason why so many elderly residents cannot afford to eat in this country?
In 2023, 1% of low-income pensioners lived in a household that had accessed a food bank within 12 months.
That percentage is unchanged from the previous year’s figures.
I recognise the effort that people put into supplying their Front Benchers and Back Benchers with zinger points to make, but when I was in that role 25 years ago, I learned to make sure I had worked out what the Government’s answer might actually be.
We now come to the temporary shadow Minister.
I wish the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , a speedy recovery, and look forward to seeing her in the House.
Angela Eagle, welcome back.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that the shadow Secretary of State is making a good recovery—she is probably watching us even now, in between her physiotherapy.
Is it not the case that on this Government’s watch, food bank usage has doubled for pensioners, and over 2 million pensioners—nearly one in five—are now living in poverty?
That figure is not stable; it is rising, so what is the Minister going to do about it?
Of course, I also pass on my good wishes to the shadow Secretary of State, who I hope is recovering well.
Just as I gave  the hon.
Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford)  some advice, I can now give some advice to Labour Front Benchers: always listen to the answer the Minister has just given.
I will repeat it: in 2023, 1% of low-income pensioners lived in a household that had accessed a food bank within 12 months.
That percentage is unchanged from last year’s figures.
But 2 million pensioners are in poverty.
Labour got far more pensioners out of poverty than the Minister’s Government have, and the number of pensioners in poverty is now rising: it was 1.6 million when the Conservatives came into office, and it is now 2.1 million, so there are more pensioners in poverty.
Despite the Minister’s bluster, the Government’s own statistics show that well over a third of pensioners entitled to pension credit are not receiving it, which saves his Department almost £3 billion a year.
Even when pensioners do apply, the Minister’s Department is missing its own 10-week service standard for processing new claims in nearly a quarter of all cases.
Why is his Department so reluctant to ensure that pensioners are receiving the benefits they are entitled to?
The Government are putting an enormous amount of effort into improving the uptake of pension credit.
The number of claims received in financial year 2022-23 was more than 80% higher than in the same period the year before, and the recent case load is going up for the first time in over a decade.
We have given cost of living payments to pensioners on pension credit—we have given pensioners extra money  on top of their winter fuel allowance and cold weather payments.
The reality is that no Government have supported the pensioner population more than this Government have.
As we all know, Labour is the party of 75p pension increases; no pensioner will ever forget that.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce waiting times for Access to Work assessments.
Access to Work remains in high demand.
We have increased the number of staff processing Access to Work claims, and are prioritising both renewal applications and applications from customers about to start a job.
We are also improving the service through increased digitalisation to reduce the time from application to decision.
On this, there is a litany of broken promises to disabled people.
Ministers have failed to tackle the backlog, failed to open the scheme to more employers, failed to extend the scheme to apprenticeships and failed to passport packages of support.
So why have Ministers now decided to hit disabled people with more brutal cuts to PIP, when they have not supported disabled people into work through Access to Work?
The average timescale for an Access to Work application decision in April 2024 was 43.9 days.
We have increased the staff on applications, redeploying 95 staff from wider DWP work.
Despite the hon.
Gentleman’s points, claims for reimbursement are in a good position within a 10-day ambition to pay.
It reflects the ambition that employers have and their mindset change to be more open-minded with their recruitment, and I am delighted about that.