The Prime Minister said this morning, and the Secretary of State just repeated it, that the Government introduced universal credit to help people into work.
That is not a real account of the situation.
The truth is that not only do we have record sickness-related inactivity, but young people are faring the worst.
I know what Ministers will say—the questionable allegation that Labour Governments leave office with unemployment higher has already been trotted out.
Actually, Full Fact found that that is particularly true of post-war Conservative Governments.
So will the Minister acknowledge what is going on today: for the first time ever, we have 3 million inactive 16 to 24-year-olds?
That’s true, isn’t it?
I have already set out that we have universal credit, as the hon.
Lady identified, as well as WorkWell and universal support to address exactly the individuals to whom she referred.
On the general point, it should be pointed out that economic inactivity is below the OECD, G7 and European Union average, and lower than in France, Italy and the United States and in every year under the last Labour Government.
I said they would and I hear what the Secretary of State said about scheme after scheme and initiative after initiative, but what have the results been?
If the Tory plan was working, the OBR would have forecast an increasing employment rate, wouldn’t it?
But what is the truth?
Not only is employment forecast to go down, but the forecast was downgraded in response to the Government’s policies.
That’s the truth, isn’t it?
Our record speaks for itself: 4 million more people in work since 2010.
Unemployment has halved since the last Labour Government, on the hon.
Lady’s watch.
Youth unemployment has fallen by more than 40%; under her watch it rose by more than 40%.
As I have stated, the last Labour Government’s record on economic inactivity is that it was higher than today every single year.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners.
The state pension provides the foundation of support for older people.
In the next year, we will fund more than £167 billion of benefits for pensioners—some 6% of GDP.
Older people should be able to retire in comfort and dignity, which is why this Government created the triple lock and increased the state pension by 8.5% this year and 10.1% last year.
However, many of my constituents are concerned about being taxed on those pensions, as the personal allowance has, in effect, been frozen for nearly five years.
Will the Minister encourage the Chancellor to look again at the personal allowance and allow more pensioners to keep more of their well-deserved money?
As I am sure my hon.
Friend is aware, it is this Government who have doubled the personal allowance since 2010.
It is absolutely clear that those who rely solely on the state pension are not liable for income tax.
We must all be aware of a growing number of pensioners who are struggling with rent, council tax and other cost of living increases.
Given that state of affairs, does the Minister think there may be an argument that the threshold to access pension credit is too high and that if he were to lower it just a little, he would help a great many more people who are obviously struggling?
I draw the hon.
Gentleman’s attention to the fact that the state pension has gone up by 8.5% this year, after an increase of 10.1% last year.
On top of that, for those in receipt of pension credit we have added £900 in cost of living payments, and 8.9 million have received a £300 top-up to their winter fuel payment.
We have spent billions on supporting pensioners through the cost of living crisis.
As we established in the exchanges earlier, pensioner poverty remains stable.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners with increases in the cost of living.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of support for pensioners with increases in the cost of living.
The Government have provided total support of over £108 billion to help households and individuals with higher bills.
As I just said, in addition, the basic state pension has gone up by 8.5% this year.
But a new poll today shows that two thirds of people think the Government should urgently pay fair compensation to all WASPI women, including many in east Leeds, who were hit by the change to the state pension age.
It has been over six weeks since the Secretary of State got the parliamentary ombudsman’s final report, but nearly three years since the ombudsman said that the Department for Work and Pensions had committed maladministration through its failure to properly inform affected women of the state pension age changes.
With a WASPI woman dying every 13 minutes, time is not on their side.
When will the Government stop dragging their feet?
To help ensure justice, will the Government allow MPs to vote on a compensation package before the summer?
The hon.
Gentleman has heard the Secretary of State reply at great length to a number of questions on that subject today.
As he said, we are looking carefully at the report and considering what is a very complex set of recommendations and proposals to make sure that we do the right thing.
Ministers certainly seem to prefer the comfort of their own massaged figures to facts.
The Trussell Trust, however, says it has seen a 36% rise in pensioners turning to food banks in the past six months, and that is likely to increase.
The hard fact is that the UK devotes a smaller percentage of GDP to state pensions and pensioner benefits than most other advanced economies.
When will they take pensioner poverty seriously and fix this scandal?
The households below average income statistics, which are cleared by the Office for National Statistics, show that 1% of low-income pensioners live in a household that has accessed a food bank within 12 months.
Given all the effort we are putting into the ongoing campaign to increase access to pension credit and the success that campaign is having, I am very confident that we will make continued progress in reducing pensioner poverty.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I first extend my best wishes to my opposite number the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , and wish her a speedy recovery?
Since my last appearance at the Dispatch Box, we have announced the areas for the WorkWell pilot, which will cover about a third of England.
I am extremely pleased that we have also gone out for consultation and a call for evidence on fit note reform.
That will feature within it the 15 pilots I have just referred to.
On  8 May , we announced that Access to Work has gone digital.
Finally, I congratulate the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies)  on her elevation to Minister of State, which reflects both the seriousness with which we take her portfolio and, of course, her undoubted abilities and contribution to my Department.
I join the Secretary of State in congratulating the Minister on her elevation—it is not before time.
This Conservative Government have an enviable record when it comes to employment, with 4 million more people in work since 2010.
I was pleased to hear that one of the integrated care boards involved in the WorkWell scheme, which my right hon.
Friend has just mentioned, will be Greater Manchester ICB, which means that my constituents will have access to integrated health and employment support from October.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Wirral South (Alison McGovern)  is heckling from a sedentary position; the only job that she has created recently has been one for a couple of clowns.
[Interruption.]
To be fair, that is topical, Mr Speaker.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain how the WorkWell scheme will benefit people in my constituency and throughout Greater Manchester by ensuring that they can access work?
My hon.
Friend is right.
The scheme is being rolled out in Greater Manchester, in parts of London, in Cambridgeshire and all the way to the Isles of Scilly and parts of Cornwall.
It brings together healthcare support and work coach support to ensure that we do everything we can to help into work those who face barriers to work.
It is an unavoidable fact that the United Kingdom has one of the lowest pensions in the developed world, and pensioner poverty is a very real issue.
I meet constituents who are pensioners reasonably frequently, and all the increases that the Government have provided for them have been lost through taxation.
For example, Peter’s private pension will be cut by £681 a year, while Mr and Mrs Clark’s modest private pension has been slashed by nearly 50%.
They did the right thing and put away a little extra for their retirement; will the Government now do the right thing and correct the position so that they can enjoy it?
Order.
May I just say to everyone that I have a lot of Members to get in on topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy?
I really do need to get other Members in.
Let me simply point to what the Resolution Foundation had to say in its Living Standards Outlook: pensioner poverty is forecast to fall.
Given that it would not survive under Labour, just how vital is the work plan?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise that point: in the absence of this Government, the work plan will be no more.
The problem is that we do not know exactly what will replace it, because there is no plan from the party opposite—no plan on work capability assessments, no plan on personal independence payments, no plan on fit notes.
We do not know what Labour stands for, so let us stick with the plan, and let us elect a Conservative Government at the next election.
A recent report from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation revealed, shockingly, that 1 million children experienced destitution in the UK last year.
Is it not the case that the Government have completely failed the most vulnerable children in our society?
No, not at all.
We are providing significant support through the welfare system and expect to spend about £306 billion in the current financial year, including £138 billion on children and those of working age.
We are focused on targeting cost of living support to the most vulnerable families.
The local housing allowance, for instance, helped 1.6 million families in that bracket.
Let me begin by praising my local jobcentre in Bexleyheath for the tremendous work it is doing to get people into employment.
I visited it on Friday and was very impressed.
Our welfare system should always be there to protect the most vulnerable in our society, but new challenges are threatening its sustainability and preventing it from working as intended.
I therefore welcome my right hon.
Friend’s plans to target the system better towards those who need it most, by controlling spiralling costs and ensuring that it is fair to the taxpayer.
My right hon.
Friend is, as always, absolutely right.
We must have a system that targets the most vulnerable in society, and it must also be fair to the taxpayer, because that is part of what underpins the confidence that the public have in our welfare state—and that is worth preserving.
During the time for which the ombudsman’s report has been ongoing, 270,000 WASPI women have already passed away.
How many more 1950s-born women in Lancashire will die before the Government finally act on the report’s recommendations?
I have already replied to questions on that matter in this session.
To reiterate, we are looking extremely carefully at what is a very complex report.
It took the ombudsman five years or thereabouts to compile, and there will be no undue delay in our responding to it.
I commend the Secretary of State for his efforts to make work pay, but for many of those in work, a lot of the excellent support available in jobcentres is currently voluntary.
Will my right hon.
Friend look at what more he can do to encourage people in Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire to upskill in order to take on more well-paid work, and to reduce dependency on benefits?
And it is his birthday as well.
Happy birthday!
I am sure my hon.
Friend’s family and small children will be wishing him well from Stoke.
As has been outlined, there is great work going on.
I met the Skills Minister only last week to discuss the better join-up that is happening, and we are really focused on allowing people to progress in work.
Allowing them to move up and move on, and to stay and succeed in work, is just as important as getting that first job.
On  14 September 2023 , I led a Backbench Business debate in this House, supported by the hon.
Members for Moray (Douglas Ross) and for Easington (Grahame Morris).
We asked the Government to take action on footballers with brain-related injuries.
The Minister who responded spoke warmly, and the then Minister at DWP,  the hon.
Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , indicated that there would be a meeting for the three of us, on a cross-party basis, with the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.
I wrote to the Minister on  18 January  and  13 March , and there was a Westminster Hall debate on  24 April , but nothing has yet happened.
Can we get that meeting with the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council to make sure that we get footballers with brain injuries the support they need?
I have already met the chair of the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council in my role as the Minister for Disabled People, and I will continue to engage on whatever is required.
To be clear, the council is considering any connection between neurodegenerative diseases and professional sportspeople, and will publish its findings once the investigation is complete.
I have also met the Sports Minister and will be keen to share this issue with colleagues.
I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman.
This Conservative Government’s next generation of welfare reforms are to be warmly welcomed.
The NHS North West London ICB, which covers Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has been selected as a lead partner for one of the new WorkWell pilot areas.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can maximise the programme’s effectiveness in integrating health advice for my constituents?