One helpful change would be to extend access to employment support to economically inactive people in St Austell and Newquay who are not claiming benefits and do not have access to that support.
Will the Minister consider that as a step towards increasing the prospects of filling the current job vacancies?
We have extended the restart scheme for another couple of years, making sure that everybody who walks through the doors of our jobcentres is met by a work coach.
What we need to do is ensure that they have the time to look at that bespoke support.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in securing funds from paying parents.
The Government are committed to ensuring that separated parents support their children, taking robust enforcement action against those who do not do so.
Since December 2022, there has been an increase from 65% to 68% in those paying something towards maintenance through collect and pay.
Last year, I wrote to the Department about a loophole that allows paying parents who earn non-taxable income overseas to avoid making child maintenance payments.
For one of my constituents, that loophole has allowed their ex-partner not to pay any maintenance and effectively engage in financial abuse towards them.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that loophole, to ensure that paying parents are fulfilling their financial obligations to their children?
I am obviously concerned to hear that case.
We have just had a consultation on the possibility of moving from collect and pay to direct pay for all claimants, which would certainly help to put a greater focus on compliance.[Official Report,  22 May 2024 ; Vol. 750, c. 12WC.]
(Correction)
Although I am more than happy to arrange a meeting, I am not sure that one with me would be much help, because I am not in charge of child maintenance.
I will ask the relevant Minister in the Lords to have a meeting with the hon.
Member.
What steps his Department is taking to increase the support available in jobcentres in South East Cornwall constituency.
My hon.
Friend will know that her local jobcentres are doing a good job of helping people find and progress in work in her area, driving the recruitment of seasonal workers and creating exciting partnerships with employers such as Morrisons.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to put on record my condolences to the family and many friends of my immediate predecessor Colin Breed, who sadly passed away last Thursday.
Under the Conservatives, we have near record levels of payrolled employment and I regularly hear from employers that they cannot get the staff needed.
Last month’s House of Commons Library paper on people claiming unemployment benefits stated that 1,405 people were doing so in my constituency.
What more can the Department do to make sure that the unemployed are ready to fit into vacancies as they arise by looking at what local businesses need?
I am sure I speak for the whole House when I join my hon.
Friend in sending our condolences to the family and friends of her predecessor.
Our employment relation teams are working hard with local employers to match customers to the vacancies in my hon.
Friend’s businesses.
We are building skills, working with sector-based work academy programmes and boot camps, supporting people with a generous increased childcare offer of up to £1,000 for one child and £1,700 for two, and helping people with access to travel.
For those on the health journey, later this year we will roll out our WorkWell programme across England, including in areas in the south-west.
On specific days, jobcentres have been closed due to ongoing industrial action.
Can the Minister assure me that anybody who misses an appointment due to that action will not be sanctioned?
We will always take a reasonable view and make sure that unavoidable circumstances such as those the hon.
Gentleman speaks of will be taken into account when talking to customers.
What plans he has to increase levels of employment.
We have a near record level of employment and very low levels of unemployment, but we are not stopping there.
The Chancellor announced our back to work plan in the previous statement.
The latest Office for National Statistics figures show that the number of claimants in my constituency fell over the past year.
That is good news, but more needs to be done.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we always need to make work pay, that we need to create incentives for people to get back into work and that local action such as my annual jobs fair, which I held recently in partnership with the DWP, Halesowen College and the Halesowen business improvement district, can make a practical difference on the ground by getting opportunities to people?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the reduction in the number of claimants in his constituency, which I know is at least in part due to the excellent jobs  fairs he assists in organising.
He is right that work should pay; that is why I am very proud that mine is the party that brought in universal credit, making sure that that is exactly the case.
May I add to the tribute paid by  the hon.
Member for South East Cornwall (Mrs Murray)  to my friend Colin Breed, who served South East Cornwall with great dignity before her?
I thank her for paying tribute to Colin and offering condolences to his friends and family.
In our part of the world, the issue is less unemployment and more the lack of a workforce.
The Lake district has 20 million visitors every year and a relatively small working-age population, 80% of whom are already employed in hospitality and tourism.
Can the Secretary of State help us out by saying yes at least to discussions with the European Commission, which has offered a youth mobility visa programme between the UK and Europe?
Only one youth mobility visa scheme exists with Europe already, and it is with Andorra, which is quite small.
I think the Government have already said they are not minded to pursue the scheme to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, but that is not the same thing as saying that we do not take the issue extremely seriously.
That is why we have extensive training provision such as SWAPs—the sector-based work academy programmes—and the WorkWell provision that we are rolling out, to which my hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment has just referred.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of providing compensation to women born in the 1950s affected by changes to the state pension age.
The ombudsman’s report has been laid before Parliament and it is under active and considerable consideration at the present time.
A report in today’s Scottish Daily Express notes that seven in 10 members of the public support financial compensation for women born in the 1950s.
If the Government will not act on the final report of the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, which recommended compensation, will they now listen to the voice of the people and provide the proper financial redress that the Women Against State Pension Inequality absolutely deserve and are entitled to?
There are a variety of opinions as to what the outcome of the ombudsman’s report should be.
There are the ombudsman’s recommendations themselves, to which some people take a counter-view while others believe that there should be more by way of payments.
We are potentially looking at very large sums indeed.
It is important, therefore, and only fair to those on all sides of the argument, that we take an appropriate amount of time to consider the report thoroughly, which the ombudsman has also invited Parliament to consider.