The Minister made reference to issues around Spice in the prison.
There is an assumption, mainly based on social media, that it is like the wild west inside the prison.
He touched briefly on the concerns of the Bridgend community that the prison is a catalyst for Spice, because it is being transferred in and out of the prison.
Will the Minister expand on what work can be done with the MOJ, Public Health Wales officials and Bridgend County Borough Council intervention teams to try to bring some sort of control to the drug abuse taking place inside and outside the prison?
I pay tribute to the prison staff.
They are working in what appear to be extremely difficult circumstances.
Issues around staff to prisoner ratios have still not been dealt with.
We must ensure the prison officers who have had to deal with the deaths over the past nine to 10 weeks are receiving the mental health support they need, so they are able to continue to work in what are some of the most difficult circumstances, in one of the largest prisons in Wales.
It is a category B prison and some of the inmates housed there pose significant challenges.
Finally, will the Minister expand on the work with the health board?
I have had some constructive meetings with health providers over recent weeks, but there appears to be a disconnect between the reality on the ground in the prison and what the Ministry of Justice seems to be saying.
I would be grateful for any update he can provide to try to bring some calm, not just to the prison estate but to the wider Bridgend community.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for the typically measured tone he has adopted on what is a very sensitive subject, which he and I have spoken about previously.
I join him in thanking staff.
I visited HMP Parc last month and met some of the staff for myself.
It is also right to thank the broader system, if I can put it that way, including the health board and South Wales police.
I put on record my gratitude to Lesley Griffiths for her engagement on this issue in the Welsh Government.
We look to work with all those partners to tackle this problem, because it is a shared societal challenge not just in the prison but in the community.
The prison has put in place a strategy to tackle drugs by restricting supply, promoting recovery and seeking to reduce demand, and by ensuring there is co-ordination between G4S, HMPPS, Public Health Wales and the local health board.
We are seeking to bring into that the local police and the local authority, so there is shared ownership of tackling the issue.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight mental health support for staff.
When a death occurs in custody, the impact on staff, just as on other prisoners, is significant.
When there are a number of deaths in custody, that is amplified.
Therefore, we are putting in place support to  ensure staff feel and are supported.
The hon.
Gentleman highlighted staffing; I believe there are currently around a dozen vacancies.
We have significantly increased the number of staff, but I recognise a number of staff are new in post.
They need to be supported by experienced officers to enable them to perform to the best of their ability.
Spice is a very strong drug; I believe the hon.
Member for Ogmore has been briefed that we are looking carefully at nitazenes, which are a variation of Spice.
I commit to continuing to keep the hon.
Gentleman engaged and informed, as a local Member of Parliament, alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgend (Dr Wallis)  .