The Government have been talking a lot about sick note culture.
As this is Mental Health Awareness Week, does the Minister agree the record long waits that many people face in getting adequate mental healthcare is delaying their return to work and keeping them on benefits longer?
The approach we are taking with our call for evidence is to try to find a system in which the fit note approach is improved, and part of that must mean getting treatment to people earlier rather than later.
That is exactly why my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor came forward with 400,000 additional talking therapies within the NHS for exactly that purpose.
May I put on record my thanks to Barrow jobcentre and to the central DWP team for the work they have been doing to support the community through the Team Barrow project?
I was also delighted to find out that we are going to be a WorkWell pilot area in south Cumbria.
Could my right hon.
Friend outline the difference that will make to local small and medium-sized enterprises and to people looking to get into the jobs market?
It will intervene at a very early stage of the health journey for those falling out of work and going into long-term sickness and disability benefits.
We want to stop that journey by helping people and, through WorkWell, bringing together healthcare assistants and work coach assistants to make sure that we retain people in work or, if they are not far from the labour market, bring them into employment.
Since we began this question session a little over an hour ago, four WASPI women have died while we debate the challenges of   their pensions.
The Secretary of State talks about the great sums involved, but can I remind him that those sums belong to the women affected?
This Government showed no lack of haste in penalising those women.
Will they show the same eagerness to compensate them?
It is important that all Government policies are properly costed and that their cost to the taxpayer and the economy are taken into account.
I have given the House an assurance that we are looking in great detail at the report.
There will be no undue delay, and we will come to our conclusions at the earliest possible moment.
I have visited the old Rehau building in Amlwch, which is being repurposed with business units and a new jobcentre for the north of the island.
Will the Minister visit Amlwch, meet some of my constituents and personally thank the team who have worked so hard to find a suitable building?
Diolch yn fawr to the team in Ynys Môn!
We have been searching for a building for a number of years to go to the added youth offer, and I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend in Ynys Môn and to thank the team.