I will get it right this time, Mr Speaker.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Communities, back home in the Northern Ireland Executive, in relation to the extreme poverty surges witnessed in the winters of 2022 and 2023?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Northern Ireland Executive are at liberty to make their own arrangements on most of the benefits for which the Department for Work and Pensions is responsible.
However, they generally choose to go with our decisions.
I assure him that officials work very closely with their counterparts in Northern Ireland to make sure that we take the needs of the Northern Irish people into account when we take those decisions.
Before we begin the urgent question, I will make a short announcement about the House’s sub judice resolution.
A coroner’s inquest has been opened into some of the deaths of men at HMP Parc, and those proceedings are now sub judice.
However, given the significant public interest in addressing this matter, I have decided to grant a waiver in respect of the inquests under the House’s resolution relating to the matter of sub judice.
While hon.
Members may refer to those deaths, I would urge the House to bear in mind the possibility that criminal or civil proceedings might be brought in future, and hon.
Members should exercise caution in their remarks.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if he will provide an update on the situation in Parc prison.
Ensuring that our prisons are safe and secure for both prisoners and staff remains our priority.
I extend my sincere condolences to the families and friends who have lost a loved one, and my gratitude to the staff at HMP and YOI Parc.
There have been nine adult deaths at HMP Parc since March 2024.
It is important to note that these deaths are not all drug-related, However, four have so far been linked to substance misuse, with another potentially so.
Any death in prison is thoroughly investigated by the prisons and probation ombudsman and is subject to a coroner’s inquest.
Until the results of these investigations are available, I must be a little careful not to pre-empt the detail of their findings or to comment on individual, identifiable cases, so there is a limit to what I can say with certainty.
I am able to say that we believe that the two deaths this month have not currently been linked to substance misuse.
The deaths at HMP and YOI Parc should be considered in the wider context of the threat that synthetic opioids pose to His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service, to those in our custody and, indeed, to the country more widely, recognising the broader societal issue.
Our work at the prison can provide vital learning as we respond to this challenge, both in custody and in the community, where I understand this challenge has also occurred.
HMPPS and G4S, the prison operator, are working closely together, using the latest technologies to gather intelligence on drug entry points and movements within the prison.
There have been extensive searches of prisoners and staff, and any suspicious substances are tested on site with Rapiscan.
Drug amnesties have been run to improve safety, and X-ray scanners are being used on entry to prison.
We have also expanded the use of naloxone at the prison, focusing on duty managers and night staff.
In total, around 400 members of staff at HMP and YOI Parc are now trained to carry the drug during working hours.
We also have specialist teams in HMPPS, including the substance misuse group and intelligence, supporting staff in the prison.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
I am one of the local Members covering the prison site, so I also thank the Minister for the genuinely constructive and extremely open way in which he has engaged with me.
I also thank Heather Whitehead, the governor of Parc, for engaging with me over recent months as the deaths have sadly increased.
My thoughts are, of course, with the inmates who are no longer with us, and with their families.
Obviously, every death is a tragedy, regardless of the circumstances.