New statistics show that there are 4.3 million children living in relative poverty in the UK, with, as we have heard, 1 million children experiencing destitution, including in Manchester, which has the second highest levels of destitution in the country.
What impact does the Minister think the Government crashing the economy and unleashing a cost of living crisis has had on those figures?
I laid that out in replying to a previous question.
Our economy is going gangbusters, and inflation is down to 3.2%.
I gently point the hon.
Gentleman to the additional support delivered through the household support fund, which we have extended for another six months.
I might gently ask him to press the Mayor of Greater Manchester on where the £32.3 million for his area has gone.
I warmly welcome the Government’s reforms to welfare and put on record my thanks to the great team at the Fareham jobcentre, with whom I have worked to organise jobs, apprenticeships and skills fairs.
A child growing up in poverty is more likely to have worse literacy, numeracy, health and job outcomes, and a shorter life expectancy than the national average.
Is it not right that the single biggest and most effective thing the Government could do now would be to scrap the two-child benefit cap?
I gently say to my right hon.
and learned Friend that I am sure she would agree that any system has to be balanced and fair for the taxpayer, but also for those who need it most.
Many working families do not see their incomes rise when they have to make choices, and we have to make the system fair.
I would be more than happy to sit down with her and explain how we do that.
Maternity allowance, contribution-based jobseeker’s allowance, contribution-based employment and support allowance, bereavement benefits, basic state pension and the new state pension: these are all calculated using our contributions to national insurance.
Given the Chancellor’s announcement of his desire to abolish national insurance, costing £46 billion, what discussions has the Secretary of State’s Department had with the Treasury about how he is going to fund it?
This scaremongering about the state pension and the £46 billion on the back of what is an aspiration through time—maybe more than one Parliament—to abolish national insurance is frankly disgraceful, particularly from a party that gave us the 75p increase in 1999 and, on its watch, saw us have the fourth highest rate of pensioner poverty in Europe.
Thanks to scientific research, there is an emerging picture of the biological causes of common mental health conditions.
Given the Secretary of State’s extremely welcome WorkWell announcement, questions have been raised about how the individuals implementing it can not only understand the diagnostic pathways that they will need to go through, but improve the evidence base for treatment, specifically with solid science to support this Government policy delivery.
Will he work with his colleagues in the Department  of Health and Social Care and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to help academic research to provide the evidence that we need to deliver positive outcomes for people with mental health conditions?