The major test of the

Defenses of Washington came with the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of

1864, when Confederate Lieutenant General Jubal Early, directed by

General Robert E. Lee, sought to attack the nation's capital from the

north, causing Union forces threatening to attack Richmond, the capital

of the Confederacy, to be withdrawn.
General Early was delayed by Union

Major General Lew Wallace at the Battle of Monocacy on July 9, 1864,

and was stopped at the northern edge of Washington at the Battle of

Fort Stevens on July 11-12, 1864.
The Shenandoah Valley Campaign ended

when Union Lieutenant General Philip Sheridan defeated General Early at

the Battle of Cedar Creek, Virginia on October 19, 1864.
Nearly all the individual forts in the Defenses of Washington--on

both sides of the Potomac and Anacostia rivers--were involved in

stopping General Early's attack, and the Battle of Fort Stevens was the

second and last attempt by the Confederate Army to attack Washington.
Taken together, these battles were pivotal to the outcome of the war

and the freedom and democracy that the war represented for this

country.
It is therefore fitting that we recognize the Defenses of

Washington by redesignating them as a national historical park.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF JACK KAIN

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a very special

man, Mr. Jack Kain, of Versailles, Kentucky.
Mr. Kain was born on June

18, 1929, and he passed away on March 26, 2024, at the age of 94.
Mr. Kain was raised on a central Kentucky farm by loving parents.
In

1947, while he was a college student at the University of Kentucky, he

started selling cars.
Mr. Kain earned a Bachelor of Business degree

from the University of Kentucky.
He enjoyed cheering on teams led by

coaching legends Adolph Rupp and Bear Bryant, becoming a lifelong UK

fan.
He served our country in the United States Air Force as a Second

Lieutenant during the Korean War.
In 1953, he opened his first

automobile dealership.
He continued in the automotive industry, where

he built a successful lifelong career.
For many years, he and his

family have operated Jack Kain Ford, where they have served over 70,000

customers since the 1980s.
Mr. Kain was a leader in the automobile

industry.
He led the National Automobile Dealers Association in 2005 as

Chairman.
He represented Kentucky's franchised new-car dealers on

NADA's board of directors for many years.
Mr. Kain was a leader in his community and was recognized as Woodford

County Chamber of Commerce's Businessman of the Year in 1992.
A

generous man, he supported education, medical care and research, and

many other charitable efforts to make the community and the nation a

better place.
More importantly than his business and community successes, Mr Kain

kept his family at the forefront of his life.
He had nine children,

twenty-two grandchildren, and eighteen great-grandchildren.
He is

survived by his wife Alice Stewart Kain and children Vickie Fister,

Patrick Kain, David Kain, Steve Kain, Bob Kain, and Bill Kain.
He was

preceded in death by his daughters Becky Grimes and Suzanne Hockensmith

and his son Jack Kain, Jr.

Jack Kain was a great man who loved his family, his community, his

country, and his God.
He was respected by his community and his

colleagues in the automobile industry throughout America.
It is my

honor to call him my friend and to recognize his life before the United

States House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHIRICAHUA NATIONAL MONUMENT

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Chiricahua

National Monument on the centennial anniversary of its designation as a

national monument.