HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to commemorate the

5th Annual Power & Influence Luncheon hosted by Global Innovative

Foundation, Inc. and to pay tribute to their many contributions to our

community.
Whereas, the Global Innovative Foundation, Inc is a non-profit

organization that was incorporated in 2019 by a diverse group of

professionals engaged to create global awareness for the prevention of

crimes and to empower the lives of victims and survivors through

support, education, service, and scholarships; and

Whereas, I extend my heartfelt congratulations to the esteemed

honorees of the 5th Annual Power & Influence Luncheon hosted by the

Global Innovative Foundation, Inc. These individuals have demonstrated

exceptional leadership, compassion, and dedication in their efforts to

uplift and support victims and survivors within our community.
Among

them, we commend Miami-Dade County Mayor Daniella Levine Cava for

recipient of the Power & Influencer Award, State Representative Marie

Woodson, District 105, for being recognized with the Trailblazer Award,

Miami-Dade County State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle as the

recipient of the Justice Advocate Excellence Award, and Florida

Attorney General Ashley Moody as the recipient of the Iman's Light

Foundation Award.
We also honor the commitment and service of Miami-

Dade County Corrections and Rehabilitation Dept.
Director Sherea Green,

Hispanic Women of Distinction President & CEO Elaine Miceli Vasquez,

Miami Dade College School of Health Sciences Dean Dr. Alwyn Leiba,

South Region Florida Nurses Association Director Dr. Guillermo Valdes,

Jewish University System President Lucy Alfonso, Quest2Freedom Founder

& CEO Victor Williams, Empower U Community Health Center, Guiding Light

Outreach Founder/CEO Dr. Shanika Ampah, Miami-Dade County's Office

Community Advocacy Communications & Media Director Griselle Marino,

Foundation of the Americas & Global Philanthropy Society CEO/Founder

Rachel Pinedo, President and CEO of CMS International Group Jeff

Lozama, and President of Florida Association of Nonprofit

Organizations, Inc. Marina Pavlov.
Lastly, we recognize the dedicated

service of Global Innovative Foundation's 2021-2023 Chairwoman

Bernadette Pierre, recipient of the Service Excellence Award.
Whereas, the Global Innovative Foundation, Inc. renders services that

empower and instills confidence among individuals.
Its partnerships

with various organizations and support of other philanthropic causes

promote awareness, activities and positive outcomes for victims and

survivors of crime; and

Whereas, the Global Innovative Foundation, Inc. provides local,

national, and international services such as scholarships, coaching,

mental health services, self-defense classes, youth-focused programs,

workshops/seminars, advocacy, career development, and mentoring; and

Now, therefore, be it resolved that I, Frederica S. Wilson, a member

of the United States House of Representatives, representing the 24th

Congressional District of Florida, am proud to recognize the Global

Innovative Foundation, Inc. for their dedication and outstanding

commitment to motivate and empower the lives of victims and survivors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KIMBERLEY EMMANUEL

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kimberley

F. Emmanuel, an outstanding educator as she retires from Miami-Dade

County Public Schools after 3 decades of service.
Mrs. Emmanuel received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business

Administration from the University of Miami and earned a Master of

Educational Leadership from Nova Southeastern University.
She also

received a certificate from the Principal Institute at Harvard

University.
Kimberley Emmanuel is currently the Principal of Phyllis Ruth Miller

Elementary in Miami, Florida, and she has served Miami-Dade County

Public Schools in several capacities for the past 35 years and has led

with strength and compassion.
She has created a learning environment of

high expectations and excellence which has guided her schools to raise

their levels with state testing.
As an administrator, Mrs. Emmanuel

emphasized student achievement by analyzing data, and using it to drive

instruction, empower teachers, provide outstanding professional

development, and forming an effective leadership team to close the

achievement gap.