From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHIRICAHUA NATIONAL MONUMENT

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Chiricahua

National Monument on the centennial anniversary of its designation as a

national monument.
Recently, I visited the Chiricahua National Monument and explored

parts of the 12,000 acres of hiking trails, campgrounds, and scenic

views.
Chiricahua National Monument is one of the most treasured landmarks

in Arizona.
This ``Wonderland of Rocks'' features unique, boulder-

balancing rock pillars formed by volcanic eruptions.
These abstract

formations draw visitors from across the nation and around the world to

the Southeast corner of our state.
It is a privilege to have this incredible landscape in our own

backyard.
Not only does it provide great recreational opportunity and

natural habitat, it is also a major driver for southern Arizona's

economy.
The monument annually supports over 40 jobs and produces $4.4 million

of economic output, with 60,000 visitors that come each year generating

$4.1 million in spending.
Last year, I proudly introduced a bipartisan bill, the Chiricahua

National Park Act (H.R. 1479), aiming to update the national monument

to the status of a national park.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTOPHER SANTANGELO'S 27 YEARS OF FEDERAL LAW

ENFORCEMENT SERVICE

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

Proclamation recognizing Christopher Santangelo, President of the New

York City Chapter of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association

on his retirement after 27 years of federal law enforcement service on

April 27, 2024.
Whereas Mr. Santangelo, who grew up in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn

from childhood until his early 30s, is a product of a New

York City Education.
He graduated from Kingsborough Community

College with an AAS degree in accounting, earned a BS in

accounting from Brooklyn College, and obtained an MS from

John Jay College.
Whereas Christopher Santangelo began his federal law

enforcement career in January 1997 with the United States

Park Police in Washington, D.C. where he was stationed to

protect the White House in our nation's capital.
Whereas from mid-1998 to early 2000, Mr. Santangelo was

assigned to the New York Field Division, where he led the JBU

unit to numerous arrests, earning him the Officer of the

Month award five times.
Additionally, Mr. Santangelo was

assigned to one or more NYPD narcotics task forces and served

as a plainclothes officer with the U.S. Park Police in

Operation Weed and Seed, covering areas in Brooklyn, Queens,

and Staten Island.
Whereas in April 2000, Mr. Santangelo became a special

agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms and

was assigned to the New York Field Division, Group V--HIDTA.
Mr. Santangelo survived the World Trade Center attacks and

participated in the recovery efforts for several months.
As a

result of his unwavering dedication, Mr. Santangelo was

awarded a commendation for meritorious service for his

actions during the September 11, 2001, World Trade Center

attacks and the subsequent evidence recovery.
Whereas after transferring to the U.S. Department of

Agriculture in June 2002, Mr. Santangelo conducted

investigations into fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement

related to USDA programs and operations.
Mr. Santangelo

conducted or participated in hundreds of program crime

investigations, including inquiries into the Food and

Nutrition Service's (FNS) EBT program, violations of the

Animal Welfare Act, violations of the Sherman Act, farm loan

fraud, prohibited agricultural product smuggling, and

agroterrorism.
He also served as the anti-money laundering

subject matter expert (SME) for the Northeast Region.
Whereas for his investigative excellence, Mr. Santangelo is

a past award recipient of the Council of Inspectors General

(CIGIE) Investigative Excellence Award for leading a multi-

million-dollar civil investigation into the Supplemental

Nutrition Assistance Program Error Rate.