Mr. Santangelo

conducted or participated in hundreds of program crime

investigations, including inquiries into the Food and

Nutrition Service's (FNS) EBT program, violations of the

Animal Welfare Act, violations of the Sherman Act, farm loan

fraud, prohibited agricultural product smuggling, and

agroterrorism.
He also served as the anti-money laundering

subject matter expert (SME) for the Northeast Region.
Whereas for his investigative excellence, Mr. Santangelo is

a past award recipient of the Council of Inspectors General

(CIGIE) Investigative Excellence Award for leading a multi-

million-dollar civil investigation into the Supplemental

Nutrition Assistance Program Error Rate.
Additionally, Mr.

Santangelo received recognition from the NYPD Detective

Endowment Association for his participation and assistance

while being assigned part-time to the NYPD Counter Terrorism

Bureau in Brooklyn, New York, from 2002 to 2005.
Whereas in February 2017, Mr. Santangelo transferred to the

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Office of Inspector

General, New York Field Division, where he investigated

failed banks and former members of the board of directors of

failed banks.
Mr. Santangelo successfully investigated global

financial institutions for market manipulation in Foreign

Currency (FX) trading, as well as in the High Yield Junk and

Variable Rate bond markets.
Additionally, Mr. Santangelo was

the co-case agent in United States v. Rishi Shah, Shradha

Agarwal, Brad Purdy, et al.,
in which the former executives

were convicted in a $1 billion corporate fraud case,

resulting in him receiving the Attorney General Award in

January 2024.
Whereas in June 2022, Mr. Santangelo was promoted to the

SSA position within the FDIC-OIG, New York Regional Office,

which covers New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all of

New England while also serving as the lead SSA for

investigations in the Eastern District of New York

(encompassing Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, Nassau, and

Suffolk Counties), leading or coordinating investigations

into bank insiders, borrowers, and accountants suspected of

committing bank, wire and elder fraud.
Furthermore, Mr.

Santangelo personally directed disaster relief and romance

scam investigations in the Smithtown--Hauppauge--Kings Park

area related to Hurricane Sandy, as well as investigations

related to the CARES Act.
Whereas since 2009 Mr. Santangelo has served as the

President of the New York Chapter of the Federal Law

Enforcement Officers Association, Vice President of the

Federal Law Enforcement Foundation, and is a member of the

Fraternal Order of Police Lodge No.
53.
Whereas our Nation is forever indebted to Christopher

Santangelo and offers its sincerest gratitude and warmest

wishes in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KATELYN O'CONNELL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Katelyn

O'Connell of Arvada, Colorado.
Katelyn was selected as one of 250 high

school students across the country to participate in the Department of

State's prestigious Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange (CBYX) Program.
Launched in 1983, CBYX selects high achieving youth from both Germany

and the United States to live in each other's country for one academic

year.
During their year abroad, students will foster meaningful

relationships between America and Germany, while giving participants

new perspectives on peoples and cultures beyond their own.
Many CBYX

alumni go on to distinguished careers in foreign affairs and public

service using the language skills gained through this scholarship

program.
This year, Katelyn will travel to Germany, attending school, living

with a host family, and collaborating with the Department of State to

integrate into her host community and promote mutual understanding

between Americans and the German people.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Katelyn O'Connell for this impressive

accomplishment and wish her all the best in her upcoming year in

Germany.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MRS.
PAULINE BIEDKA'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.