From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF DR.
JAMES M. SUNSER

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of an

outstanding New Yorker and educator, President of Genesee Community

College, Dr. James M. Sunser.
Dr. Sunser has spent over a decade as President of Genesee Community

College and has been an invaluable leader and partner in education,

fostering collaboration and strengthening the ties between Genesee

Community College and the citizens of Genesee County, New York.
Under

Dr. Sunser's leadership, the college saw the development of the Richard

C. Call Arena and the Student Success Center, capital projects that

represented the largest fundraising efforts ever undertaken by the

College.
Dr. Sunser has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to the success

and well-being of students, faculty, and staff at Genesee Community

College, making significant strides in advancing educational

opportunities for all.
The 24th Congressional District of New York

extends its heartfelt appreciation for Dr. Sunser's role in enhancing

the educational experience and contributing to the overall prosperity

of the region.
I am pleased to extend my best wishes to Dr. Sunser for a fulfilling

and well-deserved retirement, filled with joy, accomplishments, and

continued success in all his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE CIVIL WAR DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON NATIONAL

HISTORICAL PARK ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, on the anniversary of the week of the

start of the Civil War, I introduce the Civil War Defenses of

Washington National Historical Park Act, which would recognize and

preserve the Civil War Defenses of Washington located in the District

of Columbia, Virginia and Maryland.
The Defenses of Washington,

including forts, unarmed batteries and rifle trenches, created a ring

of protection for the nation's capital during the Civil War.
This bill

would redesignate the 22 Civil War Defenses of Washington currently

under National Park Service jurisdiction as a national historical park,

and allow other sites associated with the Defenses of Washington that

are owned by D.C. or a unit of state governments to be affiliated with

the national historical park through cooperative agreements.
This bill

would also require the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the

history of the Civil War, including the history of the Defenses of

Washington and the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1864, being assembled,

arrayed and conveyed for the benefit of the public for the knowledge,

education and inspiration of this and future generations.
In 2018, the

House Natural Resources Committee Subcommittee on Federal Lands held a

hearing on this bill.
Although the Department of the Interior opposed

this bill, I feel strongly that the Defenses of Washington need

additional recognition and should be redesignated as a national

historical park.
The Defenses of Washington were constructed at the beginning of the

war, in 1861, as a ring of protection for the nation's capital and for

President Abraham Lincoln.
By the end of the war, these defenses

included 68 forts, 93 unarmed batteries, 807 mounted cannons, 13 miles

of rifle trenches and 32 miles of military roads.
The major test of the

Defenses of Washington came with the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of

1864, when Confederate Lieutenant General Jubal Early, directed by

General Robert E. Lee, sought to attack the nation's capital from the

north, causing Union forces threatening to attack Richmond, the capital

of the Confederacy, to be withdrawn.
General Early was delayed by Union

Major General Lew Wallace at the Battle of Monocacy on July 9, 1864,

and was stopped at the northern edge of Washington at the Battle of

Fort Stevens on July 11-12, 1864.
The Shenandoah Valley Campaign ended

when Union Lieutenant General Philip Sheridan defeated General Early at

the Battle of Cedar Creek, Virginia on October 19, 1864.