From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRIAN MURRAY FOR HIS DEDICATION TO SERVING OUR RURAL

COMMUNITIES

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brian Murray for his

dedication and commitment to serving our rural communities.
Mr. Murray's dedication to serving our communities has been

incredible through his work to help develop Upstate New York and the

North Country.
A lifelong New Yorker, Mr. Murray is from Peterboro, New

York and currently resides in Lisbon, New York.
He earned a Bachelor of

Arts in financial economics from the State University of New York at

Potsdam and went on to work as a commercial lending officer for a local

banking institution for over 15 years.
From 2002 to 2007, Murray worked

as a USDA Rural Development loan specialist in the Canton Field Office

before being named New York State Director for USDA Rural Development.
During his time as State Director, Murray spent a year on the USDA RD

Community Economic Development team in Washington, D.C. and has served

as the Associate Enterprise Director.
Mr. Murray's impact on our communities has been profound and has

helped thousands achieve homeownership and brought in billions of

dollars in investments towards rural interests.
He's brought in this

incredible investment through working with local leaders, state

representatives, and federal agencies to achieve common goals of

improving the quality of life for members of rural communities in New

York.
His contributions include supporting rural clinics and medical

facilities across the state, providing first responders with essential

equipment, vehicles, and facilities in an effort to keep communities

safe, and supporting thousands of entrepreneurs in starting and

expanding businesses.
Murray has worked tirelessly and advanced

education in rural areas to create opportunities for tens of thousands

of students through access to higher-quality curriculum and coursework.
Mr. Murray has also collaborated with the Native American community,

most notably with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe, to address their

healthcare, housing, and infrastructure needs.
In all of his time

serving New York's communities, Mr. Murray has been responsible for

over $2 billion in investments towards rural development.
Mr. Murray has optimistically taken on incredibly challenging issues

ranging from fostering opportunities for young talent to promoting

infrastructure, internet access, healthcare, and housing developments.
Outside his work for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural

Development, Murray has served on the St. Lawrence County Planning

Board for over 12 years, recently as the chairman, and is active in his

local fire department, serving as an interior firefighter and as a

member of the rescue squad.
His commitment to serving his community

outside of his professional life demonstrates his remarkable and

genuine dedication to improving New York's rural communities.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I would like to thank and

honor Brian Murray for his efforts to enhance the quality of life for

members of New York's rural communities.
His dedication to public

service is truly admirable and has made a lasting impact that will

continue to benefit New Yorkers for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARL LUCAS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr.

Carl Lucas--a dedicated educational leader, proud native of Hollandale,

Mississippi, and tireless advocate for student achievement and equity

in education.
Mr. Lucas began his career as a secondary mathematics teacher, where

he created a classroom culture of rigor and relevance.
His students

consistently demonstrated significant growth on state assessments,

earning him recognition for narrowing achievement gaps and instilling

academic discipline.
As Principal of Simmons High School, Mr. Lucas set a bold goal of

earning a B rating.
Through systems that raised expectations, improved

instruction, and increased student accountability, he led the school to

measurable gains in academic performance, graduation rates, and

climate.