Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the well-deserved

retirement of William W. ``Bill'' Crow.
Born and raised in Morganfield,

Kentucky, Bill Crow graduated in 1980 from the United States Naval

Academy earning a Bachelor of Science degree and a commission as Ensign

in the United States Navy.
He also holds a Master of Science degree

from the National Defense University Industrial College of the Armed

Forces.
His Navy career included at sea assignments of various division

officer billets and Chief Engineer in USS PHARRIS (FF-1094), Assistant

Operations Officer of Commander Destroyer Squadron 26, an extended

department head tour as Chief Engineer in USS BRISCOE (DD-977),

Material Officer for Commander Destroyer Squadrons 10 and 2, Executive

Officer of USS Peterson (DD-969), Commanding Officer of USS Austin

(LPD-4), and Training and Readiness Assistant Chief of Staff for

Commander Amphibious Group Two.
Ashore, he served as a steam engineering instructor, Surface Warfare

Programs Officer for COMNAVSURFLANT, Chief Staff Officer to the

Commandant, Naval District Washington, and Executive Officer of Naval

Station Norfolk, the world's largest naval base.
After retirement from

the Navy in July of 2010, he transitioned into the private business

sector as a Senior Naval Consultant for McKean Defense Group.
He

assumed his current duties as President of the Virginia Ship Repair

Association on September 18, 2012.
Bill is married to the former Jeanne Boucher of Chesapeake, Virginia.
They reside in the Great Bridge community in Chesapeake, Virginia and

are the proud parents of four children; John, Karen, Sara and Kevin.
I have had the honor and privilege of working with Bill in a

professional and a personal capacity and can attest he is a generous

and dedicated man.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in

thanking Bill Crow for his unyielding dedication to protecting our

Nation to the best of his abilities.
I wish him all the best in his

well-earned retirement and pray for his continued health and happiness

in whatever adventures come his way.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARIE AND DAVID TROY

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marie and David

Troy of Greenwich, New York for their admirable patriotism.
Marie Troy is a lifelong New Yorker and resident of Washington

County.
For four years now, she and her husband David Troy have

dedicated time and effort to bringing patriotic pride back to their

community on Memorial Day.
Together the Troys line their town's main

streets with American flags made here in the USA by the Saratoga Flag

Company.
To pay for all 78 flags and the necessary hardware the Troys raised

money through neighbors and local businesses.
To install the flags, the

Troys partnered with Veteran Mike Savage, the Middle Falls Fire

Department, and local leaders so that the flags are all up by Memorial

Day.
Marie and David Troy are an

example to New Yorkers and to Americans.
I truly respect and admire

them for their enthusiasm and patriotism.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I want to thank Marie and

David Troy for being model citizens of our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SALVADOR BARAJAS

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Salvador Barajas,

an outstanding historical muralist and visionary artist, who has worked

tirelessly to preserve history, mental youth, and strengthen

multicultural identity in San Diego.
Mr. Barajas served in the United States Air Force from 1961 to 1964.
During his service,

he worked as a Technical Illustrator, a skill that would later

influence his artistic career.
He was recognized as a Newfoundland Air

Force Base Boxing Champion and honorably discharged as Sergeant.
An Associate of Arts graduate of Los Angeles Trade Technical-College,

Mr. Barajas first became involved with Chicano Park in 1973.