His belief in the power of

civic engagement and cultural renewal still inspires many.
Dr. Dobson

emphasized the responsibility of believers to be ``salt and light'' in

society, and we must take that charge seriously.
I know I speak on

behalf of many of my colleagues in this chamber that Dr. Dobson

continues to inspire us to and his legacy has entrusted us to:

advancing biblical values through civic engagement, calling on

believers to pray, vote, and engage for a nation where God is honored,

religious freedom flourishes, families thrive, and life is cherished.
Our thoughts and prayers are with Dr. Dobson's family, especially his

college sweetheart and lifelong partner Shirley; his two adult

children, Danae and Ryan; and his two grandchildren during this time of

loss and the celebration of his life.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues

to join me in thanking the Lord for his life and impact in our country

and the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROBERT AND LINDA McNEILL ON 25 YEARS OF MARRIAGE

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate Robert and

Linda McNeill on the occasion of their 25th wedding anniversary.
It is

with great pleasure and excitement that I share this wonderful news.
Robert, a man of integrity, loyalty, and strength, has devoted his

life to family and loved ones.
Linda, a kind and graceful soul,

treasures her family values and cherishes every moment with those

dearest to her.
Fate brought Robert and his beautiful wife, Linda, together at the

Curwood festival in Owosso, Michigan.
In a serendipitous moment, as he

picked her up, their eyes locked, and their lifelong love began.
Robert

and Linda's story reached a cherished milestone on September 23, 2000,

when they were united in marriage.
Since then, they have raised three

sons together and have continued to grow not just as individuals, but

also as partners in life.
Love and marriage represent the joining of two hearts and lives,

built on a foundation of trust, respect, and shared dreams.
Robert and

Linda embody the promise to stand together through life's joys and

challenges, growing stronger as individuals and as partners.
Their love

story is a testament to the beauty of finding someone who not only

inspires you but also walks beside you every step of the way.
Mr. Speaker, let us all join in congratulating Robert and Linda on

this momentous milestone and celebration of their long-lasting love.
I

wish them boundless happiness, love, and success as they continue on

their journey together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EAST JORDAN AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND THE HISTORY OF

THE PORTSIDE ART FAIR

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

East Jordan Area Chamber of Commerce for its continued leadership in

hosting the 2025 Portside Art Fair, one of Northern Michigan's most

prestigious and long-standing artistic traditions.
Founded in August 1962, the Portside Art Fair was the vision of a

dedicated group of East Jordan residents who believed their community

was the ideal setting for local artists to share their work with the

public.
What began with just 30 participants has now grown to its full

capacity of 75, reflecting not only the fair's increasing popularity

but also the vibrant creativity it continues to inspire.
Held along the beautiful shores of Lake Charlevoix, the Portside Art

Fair honors the deep connection between our region's natural beauty and

the inspiration it provides to artists.
It showcases the work of

established and emerging artists from East Jordan and throughout

Northern Michigan.
Each year, a qualified judge in the visual arts

carefully selects standout pieces to be honored with inclusion in the

prestigious Cygred Riley Gallery at Elm Point.