During his service,

he worked as a Technical Illustrator, a skill that would later

influence his artistic career.
He was recognized as a Newfoundland Air

Force Base Boxing Champion and honorably discharged as Sergeant.
An Associate of Arts graduate of Los Angeles Trade Technical-College,

Mr. Barajas first became involved with Chicano Park in 1973.
Since

then, he has been a driving force in the creation, restoration, and

preservation of its murals, negotiating with Caltrans to protect the

park's cultural heritage.
Accordingly, he served as the Lead Artist for

the Historical Mural Restoration Project.
Mr. Barajas is the founder of Motivational Design and has completed

more than 500 public art projects throughout Southern California.
Some

of his notable works include ``The Founders Mural,'' ``No Border

Wall,'' ``Amor Si Se Puede,'' and ``Amigos Car Club,'' and many others.
He is the recipient of multiple honors, including a Southwestern

College Honorary Degree, inclusion in the Mexican Heritage Foundation's

100 Portraits: Pioneers, Visionaries and Role Models, and recognition

as a San Diego County Library Living Well Legend.
Mr. Barajas lives in South Park with his wife, Leticia Barajas, and

is the proud father of four children, Xochitl, Analilia, Graciela, and

Salvador Jr., all graduates of California universities.
I am proud to honor Salvador Barajas as the 52nd Congressional

District Constituent of the Month for August 2025.
His work has

inspired our community and will empower generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose

of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the

meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 4, 2025 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 9

2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine how the corruption of science

has impacted public perception and policies regarding

vaccines.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold hearings to examine whistleblower allegations

that Meta buried child safety research.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 10

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Science, Manufacturing, and Competitiveness

To hold hearings to examine America's AI action plan.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine a discussion draft of the

Wildfire Emissions Prevention Act, and S. 881, to amend

the Clean Air Act to include fuel for ocean-going

vessels as additional renewable fuel for which credits

may be generated under the renewable fuel program.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan

Greenstein, of New York, to be a Deputy Under

Secretary, and Donald Korb, of Ohio, to be Chief

Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an

Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of

the Treasury.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Disaster Management, District of Columbia,

and Census

To hold hearings to examine America's fire apparatus

crisis.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Federal programs at the

Department of Energy.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small

Business Administration.