Title: COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CLAREMONT GRADUATE UNIVERSITY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
144

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CLAREMONT GRADUATE

UNIVERSITY

HON.
JUDY CHU

Ms. CHU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend the Claremont

Graduate University on their 100th Anniversary.
I include in the Record

the following proclamation:

Whereas, in 1925, the Claremont Graduate University was

founded on the belief that higher education holds a vital

role in shaping the future of our nation and in nurturing the

intellectual and ethical foundations upon which our democracy

thrives; and

Whereas, for 100 years, the Claremont Graduate University

has contributed immeasurably to the intellectual, cultural,

and civic life of California, the nation, and the world

through the education of generations of students,

groundbreaking research, and public service; and

Whereas, The Claremont Graduate University has long been a

beacon of intellectual rigor, fostering a diverse and

inclusive academic environment that has produced leaders and

innovators in many fields.
The university's commitment to

transdisciplinary education and research has had a profound

impact on society; and

Whereas, The alumni of the Claremont Graduate University

are professionals from diverse cultures and backgrounds who

have gone on to become members of Congress, university

presidents, professors, health researchers, superintendents,

classroom teachers, data analysts, deans, art directors, and

community leaders; and

Whereas, the 100th anniversary of the Claremont Graduate

University is a moment to honor the legacy of its founders,

celebrate a century of achievement, and inspire future

generations to uphold the principles of academic inquiry,

leadership, and service;

Now, therefore, be it resolved that I, Congresswoman Judy

Chu, representing California's 28th Congressional District,

do hereby recognize and commend the Claremont Graduate

University on the occasion of their 100th Anniversary, and

extend sincere appreciation for their enduring contributions

to the people of California and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AIR FORCE VETERAN PETER TAUTZNIK

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Air

Force and Air National Guard Veteran Peter Tautznik.
Peter Tautznik, born on December 4, 1947, has dedicated his life to

serving both his country and his community.
Peter served in the U.S.

Air Force as a Vehicle Maintenance Superintendent, and later with the

Air National Guard.
He achieved the rank of Senior Master Sergeant,

reflecting not only his technical expertise but also his strong

leadership abilities and commitment to his country.
During his military career, Peter earned an impressive number of

commendations.
His honors include three Air Force Commendation Medals,

two Air Force Achievement Medals, seven Air Force Longevity Service

Awards, two National Defense Service Medals, and two Air Force

Outstanding Unit Awards.
He was also awarded two Humane Service to New

York State Medals and four Long and Faithful Service Awards,

recognizing his ongoing commitment to excellence and selfless service.
Beyond his military service, Peter has been a dedicated and active

member of his community.
For more than 35 years, he owned and operated

PJ's Truck Repair, providing reliable service to his neighbors.
He has

also served as a certified National Rifle Association (NRA) Instructor

and as a Fulton County Sheriff's Licensing Course Instructor.
Today,

Peter continues his service by maintaining the Lake Valley Ambulance

Corp. vehicles, ensuring the readiness of critical emergency services

in Fulton County.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize Senior Master Sergeant Peter Tautznik for his service,

sacrifice, and unwavering dedication to both our Nation and our local

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRIAN MURRAY FOR HIS DEDICATION TO SERVING OUR RURAL

COMMUNITIES

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brian Murray for his

dedication and commitment to serving our rural communities.