Ms. BROWNLEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Channel Islands Harbor, which is celebrating 60 years of rich history, vibrant community, and natural beauty.
This beautiful gem in my district is Ventura County's first-ever recreational harbor, nestled between the cities of Port Hueneme and Ventura.
Since its grand opening to the public on Memorial Day in 1965, the Channel Islands Harbor has helped transform our region into an economic engine for both the state and the nation.
Our ports and harbors are vital for driving economic growth, spurring job creation, uplifting small businesses, fostering community engagement, generating tourism, protecting coastal ecosystems, and so much more.
Throughout my time in Congress, I have worked closely with local leaders and community stakeholders to ensure the harbor remains fully operational and accessible.
I am proud to have secured millions in federal funding to meet the harbor's dredging needs, combat coastal erosion, and keep the harbor accessible to the commercial fishing industry, supply chain businesses, and the general public.
Thanks to our shared commitment to the dredging and maintenance of Channel Islands Harbor, nearly 1,500 harbor vessels.
including the Channel Islands National Park ferries, commercial fishing vessels, and private boaters have safe and unrestricted access between the open ocean, Ventura Harbor, and the Ventura Keys.
For over 60 years, the Channel Islands Harbor has given us breathtaking access to our scenic ocean and stunning natural landscapes, welcomed tourists to experience the quintessential California dream with us, and captured the splendor of California's 26th Congressional District to its fullest--all while strengthening our local economy.
Today, the Channel Islands Harbor continues to play an invaluable role in making Ventura County a wonderful place to live, work, and raise a family.
I am proud to mark the 60th anniversary of the Channel Islands Harbor, and I join our community in honoring this iconic local landmark.