Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Corporal Edmund ``Ed'' Burke of Wilton, Connecticut who will celebrate his 100th birthday next week.
Born and raised in the Bronx, he attended Fordham Prep High School and was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1944.
Just eighteen at the time, Corporal Burke reported for basic training at Camp Wheeler, Georgia without hesitation, knowing his call to serve came when his country needed him most.
Assigned to the Seventh Armored Division, he was an Infantry Machine Gunner in the European theatre of World War II.
He saw action at the Battle of the Bulge, where his division took over 100,000 German prisoners, with Corporal Burke personally capturing enemy soldiers.
His bravery earned him multiple commendations, including: a Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, ETO ribbon with four battle stars, Presidential Unit Citation, Meritorious Unit Citation, Belgian Fourregiare, and the Combat Infantry Badge.
After receiving an honorable discharge in 1946, Corporal Burke pursued engineering degrees on the G.I. Bill, first at Manhattan College where he earned his Bachelor of Civil Engineering, later at Columbia University, where he completed his Masters in the same field.
Throughout his tenure as an engineer, Corporal Burke would join the New York State Department of Public Works, as well as Corbett, Tinghir & Co. Engineers, ending his career as a partner at Moran, Proctor, Mueser, and Rutledge.
There, he was renowned for meticulously and thoughtfully applying his expertise in foundational engineering to the projects on which he worked, including over one hundred sites right here in Washington, D.C.
Corporal Burke's life stands as an all-American success story, one which we would all do well to share with our constituents as a model of how service, hard work, and patriotism come together to form a life well-led.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to Ed Burke for his service, our congratulations on reaching this milestone in a full life, and a sincere happy birthday.
May this be his best one yet.