They will waste half the fiscal year, costing

taxpayers billions of dollars.
A CR this long would be irresponsible.
The Department of Defense has also identified the consequences for our

national security.
A six-month CR would have negative impacts on our

Military Personnel and their families.
It would not include funds to

cover the 4.5 percent pay raise for Service Members.
It would not fund

the nearly $3 billion increase required by law for the Basic Housing

Allowance.
And it would not include funds needed to cover medical costs

for military families and stabilize the Military Healthcare System.
The Services would not be able to offer new enlistment and

reenlistment bonuses--harming recruitment efforts.
New program starts

can't happen under a CR.
This harms innovation and delays getting

weapons and equipment into the hands of our personnel quickly.
Keeping

major defense programs on time and on budget will be more difficult.
A

CR will delay multi-year procurement of platforms like: heavy lift

helicopters and Virginia Class Submarines.
It will pause investments in

our space-based satellite architecture.
It will prevent full funding

for the Columbia Class Submarine, and delay procurement of the B-21

Raider.
Finally, CR's damage the readiness of the Joint Force.
Training

exercises and operations that are needed to ensure we can win any

fight--they won't happen.
The Navy will suffer a delay of 58 ship maintenance availabilities,

limiting work for our public and private shipyards.
Air Force flying

hours, weapon system sustainment, and ground combat readiness will

suffer.
We know this to be true--why?
We just had a nearly six-month CR in Fiscal Year 2024 which impacted

DoD's ability to budget appropriately.
The last thing we should do is

compound this problem.
We also have the Fiscal Responsibility Act to

consider.
Because if all 12 appropriations bills are not enacted by the

end of April, sequestration takes effect.
What does that mean?
Across the board spending cuts impacting

everything from national security, to infrastructure, to healthcare and

education.
That is a gamble none of us should want to take.
To make a bad deal even worse, the Speaker has tacked on a partisan

voter-suppression tool known as the SAVE Act, in an attempt to appease

his most extreme Members.
If this bill became law, the vast majority of

Americans would need more than one document to vote.
We need to be

removing barriers to the ballot box not adding more.
The Senate will

not pass this bill, and it will not become law.
We should reject this

legislation--pass a clean short-term CR--and roll up our sleeves and

get to work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DETECTIVE MATTHEW KING NAMED OHIO'S 13TH DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Detective Matthew

King of the North Canton Police Department as Ohio's 13th Congressional

District Champion of the Week.
Detective King was recognized by his peers as the Police Officer of

the year for the North Canton Police Department.
King has been a police

officer since 2018, and has been with the North Canton Police

Department since 2019.
In 2021, Officer King was promoted to Detective King when he

graduated as the Valedictorian of his Drug Recognition Expert Class,

earning a 99.14 percent grade point average.
He is also a member of the Stark County Metro Narcotics Unit and the

OVI Task Force.
This honor is not Detective King's first award.
In 2021, he was

awarded the Stark County Traffic Office of the Year.
Detective King has

been a model police officer for many years.
Once again, I'd like to congratulate Detective Matthew King on this

distinction, and thank him for his tireless public service to North

Canton.
He is a perfect example of why Ohio's 13th Congressional

District is known as the ``Birthplace of Champions.''