From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PUERTO RICAN ASSOCIATION FOR

HUMAN DEVELOPMENT

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Puerto

Rican Association for Human Development (PRAHD) as they celebrate their

historic 50-year milestone of service.
On September 19, 2024, they

commemorate this accomplishment at PRAHD's Annual Roberto Clemente

Gala.
It is my privilege to

recognize the outstanding efforts of PRAHD to improve the well-being of

our communities.
The rich history of this organization started with the mindset of the

late Roberto Clemente.
As a human service agency, the PRAHD staff is

dedicated to being an open door for community members facing life

altering obstacles.
Honorably, the amazing organization has served over

14,000 people in the last year, feeding over 400 families annually.
In

May of 1974, the organization began their impact by operating youth

services within Perth Amboy and have since expanded to serve Middlesex,

Monmouth, Union, and Hudson counties.
For 50 years, PRAHD has succeeded in an exemplary campaign for the

betterment of impoverished individuals.
Their expansive human services

empower the individual to reach their highest potential.
I applaud

PRAHD for its remarkable generosity.
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in honoring

the Puerto Rican Association for Human Development for their

contributions to the community and congratulating them on this 50-year

milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE REPUBLICAN NEWSPAPER'S 200TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 200th anniversary of

The Republican newspaper in Springfield, Massachusetts.
For 200 years, The Springfield Republican has been the standard for

journalistic excellence in western Massachusetts and throughout the

nation.
Since its founding by the Bowles family in 1824, the paper has

been in continuous circulation for two centuries--a feat that few

publications can attest to.
Over the course of my career in public life, I have had the privilege

have transformed how we receive the news.
This includes the likes of

David Starr, Larry McDermott, and most recently George Arwady.
All have

played a prominent role in the newspaper's success in an ever-changing

world.
I've also had the pleasure of working with exemplary editors,

including Dick Garvey, Wayne Phaneuf, and Cynthia Simison.
Now, Larry

Parnass continues their legacy.
Their commitment to journalistic

integrity has upheld the newspaper's reputation as an outlet for

reliable reporting.
Chronicling the triumphs and challenges that have

shaped our communities with sincerity and respect, they have made The

Republican a generational household name.
The paper's story started with two things: a flat-bottomed barge and

a printing press.
Samuel Bowles and his wife made their way up the

Connecticut River and settled in Springfield, Massachusetts.
In 1824,

Bowles founded The Republican, and the rest is history.
From its founding, The Republican prided itself on being a paper that

delivered accurate news, while never shying away from discussing

controversial topics.
Samuel Bowles III was quick to realign the

newspaper with the newly formed Republican party and was a strong

proponent of the anti-slavery movement.
It was that commitment to

adaptability and foresight that earned Bowles, and subsequently the

Republican, the admiration of a national audience--including President

Lincoln.
On April 14, 1865, after a private meeting with The Springfield

Republican's Washington correspondent George Ashmun, President Lincoln

invited Ashmun to attend the theater with

him and Mrs. Lincoln.
Ashmun declined, and Lincoln subsequently wrote a

note that read, ``Allow Mr. Ashmun and friend to come in at 9 A.M.

tomorrow.
A. Lincoln.
April 14, 1865.''
Later that evening, President Lincoln was assassinated.
His note

inviting Mr. Ashmun to the White House the following day would be

Lincoln's last written words.