Detective King has

been a model police officer for many years.
Once again, I'd like to congratulate Detective Matthew King on this

distinction, and thank him for his tireless public service to North

Canton.
He is a perfect example of why Ohio's 13th Congressional

District is known as the ``Birthplace of Champions.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO DEBBIE CONARD

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our Texas-24 Hometown

Hero, Debbie Conard, who has dedicated over 20 years to volunteering

with the Richardson Fire Department.
On the Fire 1 Rehab Team, Debbie

supports firefighters during large fires.
She is on call 24/7, leading

the photography team and responding to structure fires, capturing

firefighters as they save lives and property.
These images serve as a

visual record of the bravery and dedication of our local firefighters

and are on display at fire stations throughout the city.
After completing the Citizen Fire Academy (CFA), Debbie joined the

CFA Alumni Association, where she served as President for many years

and remains active today.
Her dedication extends to the Richardson

Police Department, where she has volunteered for over 18 years.
After

completing the Citizen Police Academy (CPA), she continued to stay

involved through the board of the CPA Alumni Association, contributing

to special events, including National Night Out and Safety Fairs, as

well as photographing for CPA classes.
Debbie's dedication to serving North Texans isn't limited to

Richardson city limits.
She volunteered at the Scottish Rite Hospital

for Children in Dallas where she engaged patients with crafts, books,

and games.
She also volunteered with Equest, a therapeutic equestrian

riding program for children with diverse needs.
Through her involvement

with the annual 9/11 Memorial Stair Climb, Debbie helps honor fallen

firefighters and police officers who lost their lives in the September

11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Debbie is also a volunteer photographer

for Honor Flight, which celebrates America's veterans by inviting them

to Washington, D.C. to visit the memorials built to commemorate their

service and sacrifice.
Those who know and work with Debbie describe her as humble, sincere,

and deeply compassionate.
She has a generous heart and never seeks

recognition of accolades for her efforts.
I'd like to thank Debbie

Conard for going above and beyond to serve our North Texas community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE FRESH MARKET ON BEING NAMED ONE OF THE TOP GROCERY STORES

IN AMERICA

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

The Fresh Market on being named one of the top Grocery Stores in

America by USA Today and being ranked number one in the following

categories: Best Grocery Store Bakery, Best Grocery Store Deli, and

Best Grocery Store Prepared Food.
Originally founded right here in North Carolina, The Fresh Market has

taken its renowned freshness and customer service to over 150 stores

across 22 states.
While The Fresh Market has grown and expanded its

footprint across the country, it has never stopped focusing on the

things that its home state is known for, good food and good people.
Whether you're grabbing something quick to go, or enjoying one of

their many baked goods, The Fresh Market has something for everyone.
The Fresh Market has shown its commitment to providing the highest

quality food and produce to its customers, and that commitment is

clearly reflected in these outstanding rankings.
I can confidently say

that we here in North Carolina could not be prouder of our local

company which has achieved such national recognition for its incredible

quality.
Again, congratulations to all the folks at The Fresh Market.
They

should feel extremely proud of all their hard work and dedication.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating The Fresh Market

on being named one of the top grocery stores in America.