Title: BLUECOATS DRUM AND BUGLE CORPS NAMED OHIO'S 13TH DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
146

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BLUECOATS DRUM AND BUGLE CORPS NAMED OHIO'S 13TH DISTRICT CHAMPION OF

THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise today to recognize The

Bluecoats Drum and Bugle Corps as Ohio's 13th Congressional District

Champion of the Week.
On August 7th, on the field of Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, the

Bluecoats nearly achieved a perfect routine, scoring a 98.75 out of 100

to win the second world championship in their corps' history.
This

current win comes on the heels of them holding second place in the

championships in 2022 and 2023.
The Drum Corps International World Championships was the grand finale

for the Bluecoats' busy summer.
The championship was the last show

after a string of 17 competitive shows and 21 performances on its

8,000-mile national tour.
The Bluecoats are a perfect example of why Ohio's 13th Congressional

District is known as the ``Birthplace of Champions.''
Once again, I'd like to congratulate the Bluecoats Drum and Bugle

Corps for bringing this World Championship home.
We are so proud of

your hard work and incredible talent.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING NATIONAL APP CHALLENGE DAY

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate September 19, 2024,

as the inaugural National App Challenge Day.
This day honors the

innovation, creativity, and technical skills of our nation's youth, who

are the driving force behind our future's technological advancements.
The National App Challenge Day was established to encourage young

students from across the United States to develop their coding skills,

explore their creativity, and apply their problem-solving abilities to

real-world issues.
This initiative aligns with our nation's broader

goal of promoting K-12 STEM education and preparing our students to be

competitive in the global economy.
Since its inception, the Congressional App Challenge has inspired

over 58,000 students, across all 50 states and territories to engage in

computer science and technology.
By participating in this challenge,

students gain invaluable experience in teamwork, critical thinking, and

innovation.
The apps developed by these young coders address a wide

range of issues, from improving educational resources to creating

solutions for community challenges.
National App Challenge Day

highlights the importance of investing in our youth and supporting STEM

education.
It is a day to celebrate the achievements of all student

participants and to recognize the mentors, educators, and community

leaders who support and inspire these students.
As a recovering computer science major and one of the co-chairs of

the Congressional App Challenge, I recognize the importance of

supporting initiatives that foster innovation and creativity among our

nation's youth.
Let the National App Challenge Day serve as a catalyst

for future leaders, innovators, and problem-solvers who will shape the

world of tomorrow.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS AND OTHER MATTERS ACT, 2025

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this six-month

Continuing Resolution and the accompanying SAVE Act.
Most of us do not want a CR and it is deeply unfortunate that one is

necessary.
Once again, the Senate did not get its work done and failed

to pass any Appropriations bills off the floor.
The House Republican

Majority wasted months writing bills loaded with extreme social policy

that the American people do not want.
And still, Republicans only

passed half their bills--why?
Because they were so unpopular with their

own conference.
Having failed to complete this work, Republicans now want to kick the

can for six months.
They will waste half the fiscal year, costing

taxpayers billions of dollars.
A CR this long would be irresponsible.
The Department of Defense has also identified the consequences for our

national security.