April 14, 1865.''
Later that evening, President Lincoln was assassinated.
His note

inviting Mr. Ashmun to the White House the following day would be

Lincoln's last written words.
I call attention to this because it speaks not only to The

Republican's involvement in one of the most consequential moments in

American history, but also to the paper's constant pursuit of informing

its audience of stories throughout the nation and around the world.
Over the course of its 200-year history, The Springfield Republican has

reported on a Civil War, two world wars, and conflicts across the

globe; national triumphs like putting the first man on the moon and the

invention of the internet; landmark legislative achievements like

giving women the right to vote with the ratification of the 19th

Amendment, the genius of Mr. Roosevelt's Social Security Act, and

Lyndon Johnson's Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Voting Rights Act of

1965; tragedies like the assassinations of Presidents Lincoln,

Garfield, McKinley, and Kennedy, and the terrorist attacks on September

11, 2001.
The Republican has been there through it all.
And while The Republican was there for each and every one of these

stories of national and international significance, they have continued

to prioritize the reporting of local stories.
Or, as they have coined

it, ``bringing home the news.''
For the last 200 years, The Springfield

Republican has documented the triumphs and tribulations of this region,

one filled with a rich history unlike any other; one whose history

played a fundamental role in the founding of our Nation and its basic

principles, including freedom of the press.
Whether it was covering visits by fifteen U.S. Presidents, Martin

Luther King, Jr.'s speech at Springfield College, or foreign

dignitaries visiting from around the world, The Springfield Republican

was there.
Whether it was the 40 world championships won by Boston's four major

sports teams, the invention of basketball by James Naismith, Dr. J's

career with UMass basketball, Springfield's own Tim Daggett and his

gold medal victory at the 1984 Olympics, or the countless high school

athletes who have achieved All-Western Massachusetts honors, The

Springfield Republican was there.
When we were ravaged by natural disasters, including the tornado in

2011, The Springfield Republican was there.
When we rebuilt our city and embarked on a renaissance that continues

to take place right before our eyes, highlighted by the redevelopment

of Springfield Union Station, the reinvigoration of our city's

downtown, and transforming centuries-old buildings into state-of-the-

art housing, The Springfield Republican was there.
In an ever-changing society, The Republican has endured a constantly

transforming media market.
In a time where social media dominates our

nation's discourse, and misinformation and disinformation run rampant,

we can continue to count on The Republican for their commitment to

constant objectivity.
On the occasion of their bicentennial, I am

grateful for their unwavering loyalty to the people of this region.
I think Dave Starr said it best in his column published on October

24, 1999, when the newspaper celebrated its 175th anniversary.
Dave

wrote, ``Good newspapers like the Republican and the Union News live on

because they offer a commodity that is worth the price.
It's not just

the news and the ads, the television listings and the sports pages, the

comics and the crossword puzzles.
They are important, but they are just

part of what is in a good newspaper.''
He continued, ``A good newspaper is the embodiment of a community's

hopes and dreams, its yearnings and its aspirations.
It is the voice of

the public it serves.
It is the mirror of its community.
And equally

important, it is the public's guardian against dark forces that would

erode or even destroy the people's rights and freedoms.''