The Secretary of State said at the weekend that the Labour Budget “will herald an era of growth for Scotland”, but what is going to grow?
Is it the tax burden on hard-working Scots, the number of pensioners choosing between heating and eating because they have not got their winter fuel payments, or the number of Labour broken promises?
Or will we get all three this afternoon?
The hon.
Gentleman had a second opportunity to apologise for the Conservative party crashing the economy, and the dreadful £22-billion black hole that we inherited, which was hidden from the Office for Budget Responsibility.
I ask the shadow Secretary of State to reflect on that before he asks his questions.
Of course, he will not have long to wait to find out, as the Chancellor will be here shortly.
There were no answers in that response.
Not so long ago, the Secretary of State said that a national insurance rise would have “an enormous impact” on businesses.
He also said that “under Labour, National Insurance wouldn’t go up”.
Tax rises, economic damage and broken promises—are this Labour Government not just the same as the SNP?
I thought the shadow Secretary of State was just describing his previous Government.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade on supporting employment rights in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend will know that the House recently gave the Employment Rights Bill its Second Reading.
Shamefully, the Conservative party opposes the Bill, which is the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
The Government are taking a joined-up and collaborative approach to the delivery of the plan to make work pay, which has been developed with businesses and trade unions.
We are committed to continuing that approach through consultation on the plan’s implementation, to ensure that the changes we are making work well for both employees and businesses.
I am sure the whole House will join me in congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce)  on the birth of his daughter Connie.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
As my hon.
Friend enjoys his paternity leave, I am sure the Minister will be familiar with the Dad Shift campaign, which seeks to increase paternity leave for more fathers.
Will he support that campaign so that more fathers can enjoy paternity leave, in addition to the tens of thousands the Government have already opened it up to, and does he agree that that is a huge contrast with the Conservative party’s spending its time talking about getting rid of maternity leave?
I send our congratulations to my hon.
Friend  the Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce)  on the birth of his daughter, and I agree with what my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  said.
That is why we are making immediate changes to paternity leave through the Employment Rights Bill.
We are making paternity leave available from day one in a new job and enabling it to be taken after shared parental leave.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his vigorous campaigning on this issue.
I am sure that, like me, he was delighted to vote for the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation, which the Conservative party shamefully opposes.
One  of the criticisms of the employment legislation that is being brought in is that it delivers us into the hands of the trade union barons.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we are indeed in the iron grip of the barons, since he was unable to attend an event in his own office last night because he would not cross a picket line?
We will take absolutely no lessons on employment rights from the Conservative party, which left us with a £22 billion black hole in the public finances that we are having to pick up.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will address that in a moment.
I join  the hon.
Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  in congratulating  the hon.
Member for High  Peak (Jon Pearce)  on the birth of his daughter.
On the demographic challenge, just before the election the Scottish Labour deputy leader said “there is something we can do to incentivise” more people to come to Scotland.
In terms of employment in Scotland, have the Secretary of State and colleagues sat down with the Home Office to discuss encouraging more migration?
The Government will work closely with the Migration Advisory Committee.
We welcome the contribution that migrants make to the economy, but we will take no lessons from a party that has consistently said that the positive destination for people in Scotland is a zero-hours contract, and whose Members sat on their hands last night when we dealt with the Great British Energy Bill.
Let me try to challenge the hon.
Member.
In a spirit of collegiality, the UK Government have committed to working with the Scottish Government.
The hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) , who is in his place, has said: “When it comes to immigration policy one size does not fit all.
It shouldn’t be beyond us to devise ways to attract more people to work and settle here.”
Will the Minister confirm that the Scottish and UK Governments should work together, and will he commit to a meeting between the Governments so that we can take forward the idea of more migration to Scotland, which the Labour party committed to and we committed to, and business is crying out for?
We have committed to Scottish representation on the Migration Advisory Committee, which would go a long way to dealing with these issues, but it is for the Scottish Government to do things like build houses in areas where we need more migration in order to encourage people to come to live in Scotland.
Whether he has had discussions with the Scottish Government on the criteria for assessing the potential impact of planning applications for offshore wind near UNESCO world heritage sites.
Scotland is rightly proud of its six world heritage sites.
As the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, responsibility for planning decisions for large-scale energy projects  in Scotland rests with Scottish Government Ministers.
The UK Government work closely with the Scottish Government to deliver for Scotland, while respecting devolution.
I meet regularly with my Scottish Government counterparts on these issues.