This Labour Government have set up a child poverty taskforce, which is determined to move 4.3 million children in poverty into a better future.
However, we also inherited 2.1 million older people in poverty.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister agree to set up a pensioner poverty taskforce so that older people do not have to worry about paying for their housing, food and heating costs, ensuring that they have dignity in later life?
The scale of poverty that we inherited in this country is truly appalling, with over  4 million children now growing up in low-income families.
We will deliver on our manifesto commitment to tackle child poverty, as we did last time in government.
We will publish our strategy in the spring.
The ICJ has mandated that Israel must ensure access to lifesaving aid in Gaza under article 2 of the genocide convention, yet the Israeli Government have voted to effectively block its delivery.
As a human rights lawyer, does the Prime Minister agree that banning UNRWA is a breach of international law?
How much more evidence does he need before he calls out what is happening as genocide and acts in line with the UK’s responsibilities as a signatory to the genocide convention?
I am very worried and concerned about the decision that has just been taken by the Parliament in relation to UNRWA.
There is a humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, and that decision will only make it much worse, which is why I have expressed my concern about it already, before today, and will continue to do so.
It needs to be reversed very quickly indeed.
I have never described what is going on in Gaza as genocide, but I do agree that all sides should comply with international law.
Last month the Scottish Government Health Minister was forced to apologise for waiting times in my area of Fife, where some patients wait more than two years for treatment.
My constituents deserve so much better than this.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Scottish National party must take responsibility for 17 years of failure and that, if today’s Budget delivers a bigger block grant to Scotland, the SNP must sort out the mess it has made of Scotland’s precious NHS?
This is the second time this has come up this afternoon in Prime Minister’s questions, and I hope that SNP Members are listening good and hard.
I am sorry to hear that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have been waiting so many years for the medical treatment that they need.
We are committed to the NHS, and the Chancellor will have a lot more to say about that in just a moment.
The Government’s own independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, Jonathan Hall KC, has said repeatedly recently that it is important in incidents of terrorism that the authorities put out more information sooner in order to prevent an information gap.
Does the Prime Minister agree?
Obviously I will tread carefully in answering this question, Mr Speaker, for the very reasons that you set out at the beginning of this session.
It is very important, first and foremost, that in all cases, including the particularly difficult case that the Speaker mentioned earlier, the police and prosecutors are able to do their difficult job.
All of us in this House have a choice to make, including both candidates to be the next Tory leader.
They can either support the police in their difficult task or they can undermine the police  in their difficult task.
I know which side I am on.
Minutes from here, in the communities of Victoria, Pimlico, Paddington and Covent Garden, there is an unprecedented rise in the number  of people sleeping rough after 14 years of the Tory Government.
Will the Prime Minister update the House on the cross-departmental homelessness strategy, and does he agree that this Labour Government have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to end rough sleeping for good?
Homelessness levels are far too high in this country, and we are developing a long-term strategy, working with mayors and local leaders, to end homelessness once and for all.
We are taking action to tackle the root causes, which is delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a  generation, and we have picked up where the Conservatives failed by abolishing no-fault evictions, preventing many renters from ending up homeless.
First  we had the embarrassment of the Labour party being sued by the Trump campaign.
Then we had the national capitulation— Order.
Let me hear the rest of the question, please.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Then we had the national capitulation of the Government over the sovereignty of the Chagos islands, and now we have had the personal humiliation of the Prime Minister at the Commonwealth Heads of Government summit, all of which begs the question: how on earth does the Foreign Secretary still have the full confidence of the Prime Minister?
I was intending to say that the hon.
Gentleman was an upgrade on his predecessor, who of course drove up mortgages by thousands of pounds, but I withdraw that now.
When the Prime Minister and the Chancellor discuss the importance of supporting working families, I think of the dedicated farmers in South Norfolk.
The Prime Minister has consistently acknowledged the critical role of food security and the need for farmers to have certainty to plan.
Can he confirm what action our Government will be taking to back British farming in constituencies like mine?