What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade on the potential impact of the Government’s new industrial strategy on workers and businesses in Scotland.
The crisis that we inherited from the previous Government is not just fiscal but industrial, because neither the previous Government nor the SNP had any proper industrial strategy for Scotland.
Our industrial strategy will deliver certainty and stability, which businesses need in order to invest in the high-growth sectors that will drive long-term sustainable economic growth.
Well-paid jobs are at the heart of our modern industrial strategy, which is complemented by our plan to make work pay.
Our strategy is clear: as a Government, we are pro-business and pro-worker.
The new industrial strategy  identifies creative industries as a key sector for UK growth.
My constituency is a popular setting for film and TV productions, including the Lockerbie film and “Outlander”, as well as hosting the Pyramids studios.
As film and TV make an increasingly important contribution to my constituency’s economy, what steps are the Government taking to support investment in the creative industries in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend mentions “Outlander”, which was filmed in Bathgate and Linlithgow, as well as the Lockerbie bombing film starring Colin Firth.
The film “Damaged” is in production there.
It stars Samuel L. Jackson—I hope he did a few leaflets for her while he was in her constituency.
The creative industries are a jewel in Scotland and the UK’s crown, and there is the independent film tax credit announced earlier this week by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Films with distinct homegrown content and talent meet the criteria for that new relief.
Productions eligible for the tax break must have a UK writer or director, or be certified as an official UK co-production.
That shows that this Government are determined to back our creative industries, and to continue to grow our film and TV industries.
Does the Secretary of State share my anger and disappointment that the SNP Scottish Government dogmatically continue to block new nuclear developments in Scotland, depriving my constituency of important jobs and economic prospects?
What can  he do through the industrial strategy to ensure that we at least take advantage of decommissioning and supply chain opportunities?
I have never known the right hon.
Gentleman to be angry or disappointed, but I share his anger and disappointment.
This Government back our industry.
Nuclear will be a major part of the energy mix going forward, and we need to ensure that we have the right balance.
GB Energy has been set up, and the related Bill passed Third Reading yesterday.
I am disappointed that neither he nor the SNP voted for it, but that is the vehicle through which we will take these issues forward.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.