The Prime Minister has the immense privilege of being Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland is a special part of our Union, but one that needs particular care, attention and respect.
Having a strong, functioning Assembly at Stormont is good for the people of Northern Ireland and good for our Union, which is why I was so pleased to see government restored there earlier this year, and I am grateful to the Prime Minister for his support with that.
Can he assure the House that he will continue to work to keep Stormont open, delivering for the Northern Irish people and strengthening Northern Ireland’s place in our Union?
Yes.
Again, that is a very important point, and it is one that matters to me personally.
I worked for five years in Northern Ireland on some of the proposals under the Good Friday agreement, in particular the transformation of the Royal Ulster Constabulary into the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
I worked with both communities there for those five years.
That was very important to me and it had a huge impact on me, so I care deeply about Northern Ireland.
I absolutely agree that the institutions of government need to be up and running, and I want to give all the support I can to further development in Northern Ireland.
As Prime Minister, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman will be acutely aware of the threats that our United Kingdom faces from an axis of authoritarian states: Iran, North Korea, Russia and China.
In particular, I am proud of the way in which this House has united in standing up to Russian aggression in Ukraine, and I know that we will never waver in our commitment to the Ukrainian cause.
I will always be grateful for the support that the Prime Minister gave me when we were the first country to send Ukraine western battle tanks and long-range missiles, and the first to offer security assurances to Kyiv.
In the light of the threats that we face, may I urge him always to maintain the strength of the transatlantic alliance and to ensure that NATO remains the bedrock of western security, with the United Kingdom playing a leading role?
Yes.
NATO is, in my view, as important today as it was on the day on which it was created, in the light of the challenges that we face.
It was a Labour Government who were the proud co-founder of NATO, and we repeatedly say that we support NATO to the hilt.
Finally, may I point out that tomorrow is Diwali?
I became leader of my party during Diwali, and I now stand down during that same festival.
I am proud to have been the first British Asian Prime Minister, but I was even prouder that it was not that big a deal.
That speaks volumes about the values of the British people, of our country, and of this Parliament.
Will the Prime Minister join me in applauding the kindness, decency and tolerance that have always been the British way?
Yes, and I meant it when I said that we were all proud to see the right hon.
Gentleman standing there as Prime Minister representing our diverse country.
We were all proud: I think everyone in the House was.
I thank him for that, and for his last question as Leader of the Opposition—although, given the speed with which his party goes through leaders, he may be back here before too long.
In the meantime, I am sure that he will be a great champion for the people of Richmond.
Finally, I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will not mind my disclosing to the House the contents of a letter that he wrote to me this week.
My answer to it is clear: yes, I will arrange for him to meet the relevant Minister about the A66, which runs through his constituency.
In Hackney, nearly 4,000 children who could fill eight primary schools are in temporary accommodation, in many cases outside London.
That is bad for their future opportunities, and it is ripping our communities apart.
I welcome the Government’s pledge to build new homes, but will the Prime Minister ensure that those who cannot have a roof over their heads are a top priority in that long queue for new housing?