I am glad that the hon.
Member has not lost any of his popularity in the House.
It would be inappropriate for me to comment on planning decisions for large-scale energy projects in Scotland, as it is a devolved responsibility.
I recognise the importance of considering the protection of local assets when developing renewable projects, particularly at cherished world heritage sites.
I wish to remind the House that, following the horrendous, terrible incident in Southport on  29 July , a suspect is awaiting trial, having been charged with multiple offences.
That means that the House’s sub judice resolution is engaged, and references should not be made to the case.
I know that all hon.
Members wish to see justice done in this case.
It is therefore paramount that nothing is said in this House that could potentially prejudice a proper trial or lead to it being abandoned.
I know it can be frustrating when we see reports in the media of matters that we are not free to discuss here, but that arises from Parliament’s constitutional relationship with the courts.
More importantly, at the heart of this case are three young girls.
We all want justice to be done for them and their families, and for others injured in and affected by this appalling incident.
Speculation about the case, including comments made in this House, could seriously risk prejudicing proceedings.
I know that none of us would ever wish to do that.
Therefore, it would be wrong of me to exercise a waiver in this case.
Members should not refer to it, or risk prejudicing it.
I understand that Members have legitimate questions about the circumstances surrounding this case.
No doubt, they will want Ministers to commit to come to the House and answer those questions once the legal proceedings have concluded.
I give my assurance that I will ensure ample opportunities to do so.
My understanding is that the trial is expected to start in January.
If Members have questions about the operation of and the decision on the sub judice resolution, they can speak to the Clerks and the Speaker’s Counsel.
In the meantime, our thoughts are with the family and friends of Bebe, Elsie and Alice, and all those who were injured and affected on that horrendous day.