Prime Minister, you mentioned veterans a few minutes ago.
As we approach remembrance time, one group of veterans we all owe a great debt to are those who served during the troubles in Northern Ireland.
Hundreds were killed and thousands were maimed, by both republican and so-called loyalist bombs.
Many of those veterans are now in the autumn of their lives, yet you are proposing to repeal the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which was designed in part to protect them from endless investigation and reinvestigation.
Why, sir, are you throwing those veterans to the wolves to pander to Sinn Féin?
Order.
The right hon.
Member has been here for a long time—“you” is not me, and I do not want it to be me.
I am not.
Order.
Before I call the Chancellor of the Exchequer, I would like to make a short statement.
Over the past few days, Ministers have made a series of new policy announcements with significant and wide-ranging implications for the Government’s fiscal policy and for the public finances.
It is evident to me that they should have been made in this House in the first instance.
The principle is unambiguously set out in paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code.
The premature disclosure of the contents of the Budget has always been regarded as a supreme discourtesy to this House and to all of its democratically elected MP, not to mention to Mr Speaker and the Chairman of Ways and Means—[Interruption.]
I really do not need any help.
Let me remind Members on the Treasury Bench that the Budget statement and the ensuing resolutions are “the most important business of Ways and Means” in the House, as set out in “Erskine May” paragraph 36.33.
I am disappointed by comments made by Government spokespeople believing they can use precedent as an excuse.
I am telling them today that they are entirely wrong.
Mr Speaker has always defended the undoubted right of this House, including Members of Opposition parties and Back Benchers from all parts of the House, to be the first to hear major Government policy announcements on behalf of their constituents.
As Chairman of Ways and Means, I have responsibility to oversee the House’s consideration of the Budget fairly and impartially, and to ensure hon.
Members on both sides of the House have adequate opportunity to hold the Chancellor to account.
Finally, we, collectively, should all remember to respect the Chair, respect our colleagues and respect this House.
Before I call the Chancellor of the Exchequer, I remind hon.
Members that copies of the Budget resolutions will be available from the Vote Office in the Members’ Lobby at the end of the Chancellor’s statement, and online.
I also remind hon.
Members that interventions are not taken during the Chancellor’s statement, nor during the replies of the Leader of the Opposition or the Leader of the Liberal Democrat party.