Mr Speaker, thank you for your kind words—and, indeed, I thank the Prime Minister for his kind words.
No Prime Minister looks forward to PMQs, but I always did like this pre-Budget one.
It was, for a change, nice not to be the main event but just the warm-up act.
As you said, Mr Speaker, today is my last appearance at PMQs.
I am happy to confirm reports that I will now be spending more time in the greatest place on earth, where the scenery is worthy of a movie set and everyone is a character.
That’s right, Mr Speaker, if anyone needs me, I will be in Yorkshire.
As an adopted Yorkshireman, I am particularly looking forward to doing the coast-to-coast walk that runs through my constituency and many others.
Since 2015, we have made significant progress with the campaign to make it a national  trail, and Natural England is close to concluding its work.
Can I ask the Prime Minister to ensure that the  coast-to-coast walk does indeed become Britain’s greatest national trail, and, in preparation for my return to the Back Benches, will he meet with me to discuss it?
Mr Speaker, I thought the right hon.
Gentleman was about to ask me to join him on the walk.
[Laughter.]
Certainly I will meet him, and that is an important point.
That is very kind of the Prime Minister.
I know he is partial to the Lake district, but perhaps we can tempt him over to our end as well.
Yorkshire is famous not just for its walks, but for being home to some of England’s greatest cricketers.
Sadly, no one is going to put me on that list—but who knows?
I now have a lot more time to practise.
Cricket has the power to bring people from all communities together and give them fantastic opportunities, as  was shown so powerfully by Andrew Flintoff’s recent documentary.
We lead the world in female participation, and that will stand us in good stead when we host the women’s world cup in 2026 and when cricket becomes an Olympic sport in 2028.
Can I therefore ask the Prime Minister to continue Government support for the England and Wales Cricket Board’s new initiative to get cricket into vastly more state schools, fostering a whole new generation of cricketers for us all to cheer on at every level?
Yes, is the answer to that question.
That point is a really important one.
We celebrate cricket and it does bring communities together, but it is also really important for children and young people to enjoy lots of different sports.
It gives them a confidence that they might not otherwise have and the ability to work in a team, and it teaches them about skills like leadership, so I am fully supportive.
Our two predecessors, Sir Tony Blair and Lord Hague, have repeatedly come together and powerfully argued in their joint reports that it is vital for the future prosperity of Britain’s economy, society and  public services for us to be a world leader in technology and innovation.
The Prime Minister and I may not yet be at our joint report writing stage, but in a similar spirit of cross-party agreement, could I ask him to find his inner tech bro and continue to support emerging British tech businesses and establish our country as the home of AI growth and innovation?
Yes, and that is a really important point.
Last year, the Leader of the Opposition held a summit on AI, which was very important.
We have been bringing together the leaders in AI.
We have a huge advantage in this country, being ranked in the top three in the world.
AI will have huge potential for our growth and our public services, and I think that the whole House should be fully supportive of it.