The Secretary of State was asked— What discussions he had with representatives of the devolved Administrations and regions at the first meeting of the Council of Nations and Regions.
First, Mr Speaker, I apologise to you and the House for Scottish questions overshadowing other events today.
I was pleased to join the Commonwealth Games Federation last week to confirm that Glasgow will host the Commonwealth games in 2026.
It will be yet another wonderful opportunity for Scotland to show how we put on world-class sporting events.
I also visited the Sir Chris Hoy velodrome and spoke to the next generation of cyclists, who have been inspired by Sir Chris.
I am sure that the whole House will wish to pass on their best wishes to him and his family.
I also congratulate Scotland women’s football team, who qualified for the play-offs yesterday after a 4-0 win over Hungary.
I was delighted to join the Prime Minister as he hosted the inaugural meeting of the Council of Nations and Regions at Queen Elizabeth House in Edinburgh earlier this month.
We discussed opportunities for attracting long-term inward investment, stabilising the UK economy and creating good jobs.
The council demonstrates our commitment to working together to deliver those priorities.
It is essential that all the UK’s nations and regions have a seat at the council of nations and regions, alongside Scotland, yet areas such as the great south-west, which is home to over 3 million people  and has an economy of £80 billion, are being left out because we do not have metro mayors.
Will the Secretary of State speak to colleagues in the Cabinet Office to ensure that, on the council, Scotland can work with all the non-mayoral regions of England?
On  16 July , the Deputy Prime Minister wrote to all areas that do not have a devolution deal to invite them to come forward with a proposal.
New mayors established through that process would be eligible to sit on the Council of Nations and Regions.
I will make sure that the Deputy Prime Minister forwards that letter to the hon.
Gentleman.
It was brilliant to welcome the Prime Minister to my constituency for the first meeting of the Council of Nations and Regions.
Following that meeting, are the Government committed to ending the decade and a half of austerity imposed on my constituents by the Conservative and SNP Governments?
I was delighted to attend the Council of Nations and Regions, held in a Labour constituency in Edinburgh.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that our manifesto said “no return to austerity”, and that is what we are determined to deliver.