His

most beloved role was serving in the youth department as Jurisdictions

Young People Willing Workers (YPWW) President.
Outside of COGIC, Superintendent Davis was bigger than life and very

active in the Tampa civic community.
He was the Coordinator of

Childcare and Head Start in Hillsborough County, a Hillsborough County

Community Action Agency Director and Martin Luther King Scholarship

Fund Board Member, a member of the Tampa NAACP and Tampa Urban League.
Superintendent Davis also held many special appointments, including the

Mayor's Community Awareness Task Force, Florida Bar Grievance Committee

and the Thirteenth Judicial and State Board Member of One Church One

Child, appointed by the Governor.
Pastor Davis loved his family more than anything, and is survived by

his wife, Deloris

Longworth Davis, and their four daughters, Charlotte, LaTonia and her

husband Brian, Karin and her husband Ron, and Amber and her husband

William.
He is also survived by his eight grandchildren, Trimonte,

LaRon, Jordan, Charles, Avery, Ja'lyn, Jayden, Charli and six great-

grandchildren.
His memory will also live on through his godchildren,

nieces, nephews, cousins, friends, and the College Hill COGIC

community.
Pastor Davis always had a twinkle in his eye, a kind word and made

our community more gracious.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my Tampa Bay

area neighbors and all Floridians, I am proud to honor Superintendent

Charles Davis for his lifelong dedication to others, and his kind,

loving service to all.
We are eternally grateful for his immense

contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER

Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER.
Mr. Speaker, on September 25, 2024, I missed the

following vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call

No.
449.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL PLASMA AWARENESS WEEK

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize International Plasma

Awareness Week (IPAW) from October 7-11 and celebrate the three million

plasma donors whose gift saves the lives of more than 120,000 Americans

with rare diseases.
Plasma protein therapies, including recombinant

analogs and plasma-derived therapies, increase life expectancy, improve

quality of life, and reduce life-threatening complications for people

living with rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic diseases.
Plasma--the straw-colored, liquid portion of blood--contains proteins

necessary for carrying out critical functions in the human body.
For

example, immunoglobulins also known as antibodies defend your body from

infections and fight disease, and clotting factors regulate bleeding.
If a person has insufficient levels of any one plasma protein, their

body cannot carry out these vital functions, causing a variety of

chronic and life-threatening medical conditions.
Many people living with rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic

diseases, like primary immunodeficiency, neurological disorders,

hereditary angioedema, pulmonary disorders, bleeding disorders, and

infectious diseases such as tetanus, hepatitis, and rabies, rely on

plasma-derived treatments.
Unlike traditional pharmaceuticals, plasma

protein therapies cannot be synthesized in a laboratory.
Plasma and its

lifesaving proteins can only be obtained via human plasma from a donor.
As the co-chair of the Congressional Rare Disease Caucus, I

understand how critical plasma donors and donation centers are in

saving the lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans with rare

diseases.
This is why in 2020, I introduced the Continuing Access to

In-Home IVIG Act which extends and expands access to Intravenous

Immunoglobulin (IVIG) treatment administered in the home for Medicare

patients with primary immunodeficiency diseases.
This was subsequently

included in the 2021 government funding package and enacted into law.
More recently, I introduced the PI Post Acute Access Act, which would

expand IVIG treatment access to Medicare beneficiaries with primary

immunodeficiencies living in skilled nursing facilities.
Without plasma donors who make more than 47 million plasma donations

annually at over 1,100 International Quality Plasma Program (IQPP)

certified plasma collection centers, countless patients would be unable

to access these lifesaving therapies.