This was subsequently

included in the 2021 government funding package and enacted into law.
More recently, I introduced the PI Post Acute Access Act, which would

expand IVIG treatment access to Medicare beneficiaries with primary

immunodeficiencies living in skilled nursing facilities.
Without plasma donors who make more than 47 million plasma donations

annually at over 1,100 International Quality Plasma Program (IQPP)

certified plasma collection centers, countless patients would be unable

to access these lifesaving therapies.
That's why International Plasma

Awareness Week is held annually each October to raise global awareness

about source plasma collection, recognize the valued contributions of

donors, and increase understanding about plasma protein therapies and

the rare diseases they treat.
I invite my colleagues to join me in celebrating International Plasma

Awareness Week (IPAW) and recognizing plasma donors and donation

centers for their heroic and lifesaving contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KERN ENERGY

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to recognize Kern Energy on

their 90-year anniversary and to thank them for their significant

contributions to the Central Valley.
Kern Energy, established in 1934,

is an independent, family-owned and operated transportation fuel

producer in the Southern San Joaquin Valley.
For nine decades, Kern

Energy has been critical to the success of Central Valley agriculture,

providing the region with the fuel necessary to help transport goods

across California and the Nation.
To date, Kern Energy has produced

over 58 million gallons of renewable diesel and blended over 74 million

gallons of biodiesel into its finished fuels.
Throughout their history,

Kern Energy has been a leader of energy innovation, consistently

overcoming California's operational challenges.
Kern Energy is

dedicated to advancing cleaner transportation fuels by investing in

innovative solutions for future generations.
The company's unwavering

commitment to meeting the ever-changing energy needs of California has

guided their mission for nearly a century.
Kern Energy has adopted the

motto of ``small but mighty'' to reflect their significant impact on

the community.
Kern Energy has

been a steadfast partner to the Central Valley and California,

supporting the growth and progress of the region.
It is because of the

hard work of Kern Energy and their employees that Valley families,

small businesses, and producers have the fuel they need to thrive.
join me in celebrating Kern Energy on their 90-year anniversary.
Their

work to provide the Central Valley with reliable, clean energy will be

felt for generations to come.
I wish them continued success in the

future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CATHOLIC DAUGHTERS COURT REGINA COELI NO.
1521 OF ST.
ANNE'S PARISH

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Catholic

Daughters Court Regina Coeli No.
1521 of St. Anne's Parish on their 75-

year anniversary and to thank them for their significant contributions

to the Porterville community.
Catholic Daughters Court Regina Coeli No.
1521 of St. Anne's Parish, a member of the Catholic Daughters of

America, was established on October 30, 1949.
Since their founding, the

Catholic Daughters have played a vital role in supporting the parish

and the broader community through their volunteer work.
Guided by a

mission of faith and charity, the Catholic Daughters have made a

profound impact on the Tulare County community.
Today, the organization

has 70 members and are active in non-profit and faith-based

organizations.
The Catholic Daughters participate in and host numerous

events each year to raise funds for parish initiatives.
The Christmas

Bazaar is one of their signature events, and features auction items and

homemade baked goods.
They also host an annual Spring Tea, yard sales,

bake sales and a Bunco game night.
The Catholic Daughters support

several charities in the community, including the St. Anne's Food

Pantry, Tulare-Kings Right to Life, and the Homeless Alliance.
Each

year, the organization awards academic scholarships to support recent

high school graduates from the parish.