Title: COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF DEPUTY BEAN OF WORCHESTER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
154

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF DEPUTY BEAN OF WORCHESTER COUNTY

SHERIFF'S OFFICE

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to recognize Deputy

Charles Hugh Bean as he retires after 11 years of service with the

Worcester County Sheriff's Office.
Deputy Bean's career has been one of dedication, sacrifice and honor

to his community and residents of Worcester County.
As Deputy Bean

embarks on this new chapter in his life.
I would like to take this

opportunity to express my appreciation for his service.
On behalf of the residents of Maryland's First Congressional

District, I wish Deputy Bean a happy, healthy and exciting retirement

spent around family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVID LEE III

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I, along with the people of St. Louis, rise to

honor the life and legacy of Officer David Lee III, a loving and

committed husband, father, brother, son, and friend.
On behalf of

Missouri's First District, I offer my deepest condolences to his wife,

Tonya Lee, son, Khalil Lee, daughter, Saniya Lee, mother, Dorothy

Williams, father, David Lee II, brother, Dane Lee, sisters, Danielle

Williams and Kimberly Lee, and countless other family, friends, and

loved ones.
Born and raised in the City of St. Louis and a graduate of

Pattonville High School, Officer David Lee III dedicated his life to

the service of others by entering the St. Louis Police Training Academy

in November 2005.
After being promoted to officer in 2007, David went

above and beyond receiving the St. Louis Metropolitan Police

Department's Award of Excellence on three separate occasions.
His

dedication to his community was recognized through a Chief's Letter of

Commendation, and he was honored as Officer of the Month.
Officer David Lee III, was a hero to his fellow officers and

neighbors in the 6th and 7th precincts, and truly beloved by all who

knew him.
He took care of his family and the people of St. Louis--never

wavering in his duty as an officer in a city he loved and called home.
To his wife, Tonya, he was a special person with a heart of gold and an

infectious smile.
Officer David Lee III's dedication to the St. Louis

community will forever be etched into a history of extraordinary

service in Missouri's First District.
May his memory be a blessing to

us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FIRE LIEUTENANT BRIAN PEEK

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and humbled to posthumously honor

Fire Lieutenant (Lt.)
Brian Peek, who tragically passed away in the

Line of Duty while serving as a member of the Goldsboro Fire Company.
Lt.
Peek was a gift and blessing to our community throughout his more

than 50 years of service as a Firefighter, who was dedicated to

mentoring new members, and was tirelessly committed to the Station and

to the Citizens it serves.
He will be greatly missed by all who knew

him or were blessed to share his life even in a small way.
Lt.
Peek served as Fire Lt.
68-3, Fire Police Lt.
68, and Fire Police

28-4 in his myriad years of service.
Lt.
Peek leaves behind his beloved

family--two sons, two stepsons, his brother, and 18 grandchildren--who

will carry his legacy.
Mr. Speaker I'm saddened, honored, and humbled to recognize Fire

Lieutenant Brian Peek on his tireless, selfless, and unwavering service

to our communities, Commonwealth, and United States of America.
He set

the standard by which all should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TED DREWES, JR.
HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.