From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TED DREWES, JR.
HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I, along with the people of St. Louis, rise to

celebrate and honor the life and legacy of Theodore Raymond Drewes, Jr.

The name Ted Drewes is synonymous with summer in St. Louis.
For

generations, Ted Drewes Frozen Custard has brought joy and sweet

memories to Missouri's First District.
In 1930, tennis star Ted Drewes, Sr.
debuted his first St. Louis

Frozen Custard stand on Natural Bridge Road, later opening two

locations that still serve St. Louisans and visitors alike on South

Grand Boulevard and Chippewa Street.
As a child, Ted Drewes Jr. often

appeared in the family's custard stands advertisements with the tagline

``It really is good guys, and gals!''
Ted Drewes, Jr. fully embraced

the family business working 80 hours a week between stands and making

it the beloved St. Louis institution we crave.
Like many across St.

Louis, on a hot summer day, I have cooled down with my two favorite Ted

Drewes staples: The Christy or a Strawberry Concrete.
Ted not only loved frozen custard, but he was also an accomplished

rifleman, speed roller skater, and table tennis player.
He valued using

philanthropy to further customer service and community service,

particularly through supporting his church, Historic Trinity Lutheran

Church in Soulard, and the St. Louis Area Foodbank.
I offer my deepest condolences on behalf of Missouri's First District

to his wife Dorothy Jane Drewes, daughters Christy Dillon and Cynthia

Verseman, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and the many people and

community members who loved him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF PASTOR CHARLES DAVIS

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart

to honor the life of Superintendent Charles Davis of College Hill

Church of God in Christ (COGIC).
Pastor Davis was a pillar in the Tampa

Bay community and beloved by all who knew him or had the opportunity to

join him in prayer.
He leaves behind a legacy of servant leadership

that should inspire neighbors across the Tampa Bay area for decades to

come.
Charles Davis was born in St. Petersburg, FL as the ninth of ten

children to Willie and Dorothea Davis.
The family moved to Tampa in

1949.
Pastor Davis graduated from H.W. Blake High School in 1959 and

from Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University in 1963 with a

Bachelor of Science in Education.
Superintendent Davis met Deloris

Longworth, and they were married in December 1966.
He embarked on a

career of public service, education and as a faith leader.
The Church of God in Christ has been a part of the Tampa community

for over 100 years.
From the years of 1964 to 1997, COGIC was pastored

by Bishop W.E. Davis, Superintendent Charles Davis's father.
At age

twenty-five, Charles decided to dedicate himself to God and lead a life

as a leader in the church.
In 1997, the membership requested that Elder

Charles Davis be appointed as The Pastor of COGIC.
Under the leadership

of Superintendent Davis, COGIC has continued to thrive.
Superintendent Davis served COGIC in almost every level of

ordination, including Deacon and Elder.
He served as Pastor, Sunday

School teacher, chairman of the Administrative Board and Chairman of

the Elders Council of the Jurisdiction of Southwestern Florida.
His

most beloved role was serving in the youth department as Jurisdictions

Young People Willing Workers (YPWW) President.
Outside of COGIC, Superintendent Davis was bigger than life and very

active in the Tampa civic community.
He was the Coordinator of

Childcare and Head Start in Hillsborough County, a Hillsborough County

Community Action Agency Director and Martin Luther King Scholarship

Fund Board Member, a member of the Tampa NAACP and Tampa Urban League.