They also host an annual Spring Tea, yard sales,

bake sales and a Bunco game night.
The Catholic Daughters support

several charities in the community, including the St. Anne's Food

Pantry, Tulare-Kings Right to Life, and the Homeless Alliance.
Each

year, the organization awards academic scholarships to support recent

high school graduates from the parish.
For 75 years, the Catholic

Daughters have remained steadfast in their dedication to the well-being

of St. Anne's Parish and the Porterville Community.
The members of the

Catholic Daughters have always been committed to uplifting each other

through their faith, long-standing friendships, and shared commitment

to the betterment of others.
to join me in celebrating the Catholic Daughters Court Regina Coeli No.
1521 of St. Anne's Parish on their 75-year anniversary.
Their work to

enrich the community of Porterville will be felt for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO KABC-TV LOS ANGELES ON ITS 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my warmest

congratulations to KABC-TV as it celebrates its 75th anniversary of

broadcasting.
Launched on September 16, 1949 as KECA-TV on Channel 7, ABC's fifth

television outlet and Los Angeles' seventh television station, the 7:00

p.m. premiere featured a program with civic leaders and a variety

program, followed by a University of California Los Angeles-Oregon

State University football game.
On February 1, 1954, the callsign of

KECA-TV was changed to KABC-TV.
Since then, KABC-TV has established

itself as one of the premier local news and information sources in

Southern California, flourishing along with the City of Los Angeles as

the area's population grew during the post-war years.
The station was

originally located in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles until

2000 when it moved to its current home in Glendale.
Since its

conception, the station has been instrumental in shaping public

discourse, providing a platform for local issues, and celebrating the

diverse communities of Los Angeles.
With a team of well-versed and dedicated news anchors and reporters,

the station delivers compelling news stories that are relevant and

important to Angelenos, communicating complex issues with clarity and

empathy.
KABC-TV's news anchors have been consistently described as

approachable, authentic, and exceptionally skilled in their roles.
Throughout challenging times such as the Covid-19 pandemic, turbulent

local politics, and devasting wildfires, these award-winning anchors

and reporters have served as accurate, reliable stewards of

information.
In the era of rapid technological change, KABC-TV has been at the

forefront of innovation in digital and social media engagement,

embracing the evolving media landscape and adapting its skillful

strategies to connect with audiences across the region.
This commitment

to modernization ensures that Southern California and Los Angeles in

particular, receive timely and significant news, through televisions,

accessing content via their phones, or through social media platforms.
KABC-TV has garnered numerous accolades, including many Emmy Awards

from the Los Angeles Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts

and Sciences.
I am proud to recognize this outstanding station for its enduring

legacy and immeasurable contributions to the television and news

industry in our local communities.
I ask all Members to join me in

congratulating KABC-TV Los Angeles upon its 75th anniversary.