Mrs. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, today, we gather to honor and celebrate the remarkable contributions of Black women leaders in Houston--individuals who are not only trailblazers in their communities but also powerful forces in the world of entrepreneurship.
These women are not just business owners--they are visionaries, building businesses that impact the very fabric of our city and our Nation.
Linda K. Brown is the founder and chief executive officer of a broadbased and full-service media communications agency, media/public relations, advertising and media placement, project management, event coordination and political consulting firm.
Duni Hebron has led The Emerald Group for over 20 years with a focus on excellence and dynamic leadership.
Under her guidance, the company has flourished, delivering innovative solutions and fostering sustainable growth for global clients.
She also brings a wealth of experience as a real estate broker in both residential and commercial sales, further complementing her multifaceted professional portfolio.
Dr. Janice M. Beal is a researcher, clinician, author, and behavioral expert.
She provides direct leadership as President of Beal Counseling Associates, and Beal Behavioral Health.
In 2020, she developed and implemented two Covid-19 crisis mental health hotlines/helplines.
Throughout her twenty-eight plus years of professional experience she served as a clinician, treating the emotional needs of children and adolescents.
Terri Hamm is the owner of Kindred Stories, a bookstore currently located in Third Ward, Houston, TX, committed to amplifying the voices Through Kindred Stories, Terri hopes to create a community-centered hub where the works of Black authors and artisans are accessible and celebrated.
A. Renee Logans founded Houston-based ADSI in l990 where she has served as President and CEO.
For over two decades, she has provided superior services to a range both the public and private sectors.
Renee's has always had an approach to create processes that aligns with technology needs for increased organizational efficiency.
Renee has effectively led clients through transition periods resulting in significant improvements in reliability and profitability.
Lastly, I would like to highlight Argentina M. James, president and CEO of HillDay Public Relations, Inc. and HillDay Industries, Inc., who has amassed nearly three decades of industry experience.
Prior to starting HillDay, Argentina skillfully led all aspects of public relations efforts for private and public corporations.