Senator for four years.
He quickly became my mentor, dear colleague, and a trusted friend.
For a period, Rich and I served on the Education, Health and Environmental Affairs Committee.
As a devoted Eastern Shoreman and a son of a waterman, 
Senator Colburn knew how crucial it is for the government to be accountable, transparent, honest, and helpful to its citizens.
As such, he made constituent casework and assisting his fellow Marylanders his top priroity.
As a ``Shore Senator,'' Rich fought on behalf of his constituents with fervor and purpose.
During his time in the legislature, he introduced hundreds of bills, at times reaching across the aisle to promote projects and priorities he believed would benefit the Shore.
One of his greatest accomplishments was the multi-decade battle led to his securing over $60 million to replace the Dover Bridge; a vital artery connecting Southern Caroline and Talbot Counties on the Eastern Shore.
The bridge finally opened in 2018 with great fanfare.
Among his many other accomplishments was his success in the preservation of the Easton hospital, widening U.S. Route 50, increasing benefits for veterans and law enforcement, and obtaining funding for restoration of the Chesapeake Bay's oyster population.
He advocated for businesses and tourism on the Shore to lift and support the local economy by helping provide funding for the Choptank River Lighthouse and bringing in the Hyatt hotel to Cambridge, among others.
Richard Franklin Colburn was born on February 9, 1950 and grew up in Oxford, Maryland.
After graduating from the Easton High School, Rich served in the United States Army Security Agency posted in Germany during the height of the Cold War.
He left after three years with the Army, achieving the rank.
After his return to Maryland, he worked in private practice.
He was elected to the House of Delegates in 1983, where he served until 1991 before he ascended to the State Senate in 1995.
Senator Colburn became the longest serving Republican Senator