A hundred councils in England have come together to call for five key changes to unlock much-needed investment in new council homes.
They will welcome the news of £500 million of additional grant and changes to the right-to-buy rules, but one issue they also raise is housing revenue account debt and finance.
Will Treasury Ministers look specifically at debt allocations and how HRA debt is accounted for, to unlock much-needed investment in council homes?
Councils’ housing revenue accounts are a significant part of local authority finances, and it is therefore not right to exclude them from our fiscal rules, but I reassure my hon.
Friend that this Government’s commitment to deliver 1.5 million new homes will be delivered.
However “working people” is defined, does the Chancellor not accept that people on low incomes and part-time employees who earn up to £300 a week should be exempt from paying income tax?
We will set out details of our tax policy in the Budget tomorrow, but this Government have made a commitment to working people that we will not increase their income tax, their national insurance or the value added tax they pay.
I have noted the media reporting an assertion from Downing Street that the pre-announcement of Budget measures is entirely routine.
For the avoidance of doubt, I am always happy for Ministers to come to the House to make announcements in the run-up to a Budget.
This discourtesy arises when those announcements are made elsewhere.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Prime Minister if he will make a statement on whether Ministers disclosing policies to the media before the Budget are in contravention of the ministerial code’s statement that the most important announcements of Government policy should be made, in the first instance, in Parliament.
Mr Speaker, I reassure you that what you said yesterday, and indeed what you said a moment ago, has been heard not just by me but across Government.
The Government take their obligations to this House very seriously.
Yesterday, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury made a statement to the House on the fiscal rules, in which he made it clear that details will be announced to the House in the Chancellor’s Budget statement tomorrow, alongside an economic and fiscal forecast produced by the independent Office for Budget Responsibility.
Treasury Ministers have also answered questions in the House this morning.
The Chancellor will come before the House tomorrow to set out in detail the Government’s Budget to fix the foundations of our economy, and the House will then have a further four days of debate on the measures announced in that Budget.
Throughout it all, Members of this House will see a Government who are committed to fixing the foundations to deliver the change our country so desperately needs.
This Labour Government will invest in Britain’s future so that we can rebuild the national health service and our country, while ensuring that working people do not face higher taxes in their payslips.
The response from No. 10 yesterday, and Labour’s whole argument, seems to be, “We did  it because you guys did it.”
But I am old enough to remember a fresh-faced Prime Minister coming into Downing Street and promising change.
Labour justifying its actions based on things that the Conservatives have done does not seem like the change we were promised, does it?
We are learning the lessons of why we lost the election, but this Government seem to be taking lessons from the worst bits of our record.
And not just ours—from the last Labour Government, too.
It is like the greatest hits of Government mistakes being replayed in just 100 days.
Cronyism?
Is it Blair?
No, it is the fresh-faced Labour Government giving civil service jobs to donors.
A gross betrayal of pensioners?
Is it Brown?
No, it is the new Chancellor deciding that those on £13,000 are rich and do not need their winter fuel payments.
Rampant politicisation of our institutions?
Was this not something Labour accused Boris Johnson of?
No, it is the Chancellor again, who said this weekend that the ex-Prime Minister and ex-Chancellor will have to answer to the Office for  Budget Responsibility, despite the OBR saying that the report has nothing to do with previous Ministers and led The Times to argue that the OBR has been reduced “to the provisional wing of the Treasury press office.”
Disrespectful statements emanating from No.10 about your decisions, Mr Speaker?
Not the Conservative party, but the No. 10 press office, just yesterday.
And potentially breaching the ministerial code with abandon about Budget leaks?
Right again, it is this Government.
This Government’s false piety has been breached comprehensively by the Downing Street passes scandal and crony appointments to the civil service, and their hypocrisy has been laid bare for all to see.
Yet still they bleat on about the Tories like some broken spell they mutter over and over again in an attempt to conjure up the old magic, but it is not going to work.
Labour is so obsessed with playing political games that its Members find themselves going over the Budget, simultaneously claiming that the Conservatives spent too much, but also spent too little.
It is nonsense.
The question that I want to ask the Government today is who is going to take responsibility for the Budget leaks?
What assessment have the Government made of whether this is a breach of the ministerial code?
As I have said, I have the deepest respect for this House and its Members.
The coming days will be very important to debate the Budget in full.
I am sure right hon.
and hon.
Members will forgive me if I have a degree of cynicism about the Conservative party’s new-found passion for parliamentary conventions, given the number of times it failed in its 14 years in office to update the House ahead of major announcements.
The truth is that Conservative Members are desperate to speak about anything other than the appalling mess in which they left our national finances.
There are many groups of people who I would listen to on budget management, but certainly not Members of the party that crashed the economy.
We would think they might have learned some lessons from attacking independent financial institutions, but they have not.
The shadow Chancellor and the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury are attacking the Office for Budget Responsibility once again.
Families in my constituency and across the country are still paying higher rents and mortgage costs because of the mini-Budget two years ago that created and wreaked such havoc on our economy.
Unlike the Conservative party, this Government will never play fast and loose with the nation’s finances.
Tomorrow we will see a Budget focused on investment, to get the economy moving again.
This Government will take the long-term decisions needed to rebuild Britain and  fix our schools, hospitals and our broken roads.
The Conservatives have not changed.
All they offer is  decline and more austerity, with working people paying the price.
In Bury North, rents and mortgages are still sky high as a direct consequence of the economic legacy of the last Conservative Government.
Does the Minister agree that it is no surprise that the Conservatives want to talk about anything other than their economic record?
I certainly do agree.
I am sure it will come as a surprise to right hon.
and hon.
Members that one of the Conservative’s former Chancellors decided to comment on the September 2022 fiasco.
What did Kwasi Kwarteng say the other day?
“Okay, my Budget wasn’t perfect”—the master of understatement.