Last Wednesday, in Washington, the Chancellor announced changes to the debt rules to allow Labour to borrow more.
However, published Treasury advice says that increasing borrowing risks interest rates staying higher for longer.
Does the Chancellor agree with her Treasury civil servants?
Last week, when I was in Washington, I was very pleased to hear the International Monetary Fund say how important it is that countries, including the UK, borrow to invest in their capital infrastructure.
Under the plans we inherited from the previous Government, capital spending as a share of GDP is due to fall from 2.6% to 1.7%.
If those decisions were to go forward, it would mean plans delayed and cancelled.
We will set out our plans tomorrow in the Budget, but it is crucial that we have rules ensuring that we pay for day-to-day spending through tax receipts, and that we borrow only to invest, unlike the previous Government.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of recent fiscal events on investor confidence in the UK.
The Conservative party oversaw years of chaos, which cost not only families but businesses.
The Government are committed to delivering the economic stability needed for investor confidence.
Our commitment to a credible Budget, strong institutions and robust fiscal rules are at the heart of that plan.
Earlier this month, we announced a record-breaking £63.5 billion of investment at our international investment summit.
That shows that the UK can attract investment from around the world, to boost jobs and growth here in Britain, through serious, stable Government policy.
When does the Chancellor think that the Conservative party lost its fiscal credibility?
Was it with the Liz Truss mini-Budget?
[Interruption.]
Was it when national debt rose from 65% to nearly 100% of GDP?
Or was it when they made the farcical promise to abolish national insurance?
Order.
Who wants to go for that cup of tea?
Normally this happens at Prime Minister’s questions; I do not want it starting in Treasury questions.
All of the above.
That is why my hon.
Friend is in his place and Conservative Members are on the Opposition Benches.
If the Chancellor wants to increase investor confidence, the thing to do is help small and medium-sized enterprises.
Tomorrow she will have the opportunity to do that.
What will be done to help them?
In Northern Ireland, 85% of businesses employ 10 or fewer employees.
If she helps the SMEs in Northern Ireland, that will increase employment.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a proud supporter of businesses big and small in his constituency and across Northern Ireland.
I will set out  more detail in tomorrow’s Budget, including on business rates, but I recognise how important it is for us to support small businesses, so that they can grow and create jobs right across the United Kingdom.