It is a sad state of affairs when the run-up to the Budget of this new Government so closely resembles that of the previous Government, with consistent leaks and briefings to the media rather than announcements being made where they should be—in this House—so that Members can scrutinise them on behalf of their constituents.
The previous Conservative Government did so much damage to trust in politics, including by consistently undermining the ministerial code.
Will the Minister put things right and toughen up the status of the code by enshrining it in law?
We have already said that the Prime Minister will publish an updated ministerial code shortly.
There is a stark difference between this and the previous Administration.
The approach of the previous one is probably best characterised as, “If you break the rules, try and change the rulebook,” but we on the Labour Benches take the ministerial code seriously.
That is why we want to ensure that it is fit for purpose, deals with problems such as the Tory freebie loophole and meets the high standards that the Prime Minister expects of all who have the privilege of serving in his Government.
I am sure the whole House will welcome the constructive response from the Minister today.
Will he confirm that the former Conservative Treasury Front-Bench team had to have paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code drawn to their attention twice this year—in both April and May?
It is do as they say, not do as they did.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Frankly, when I heard Conservative Members talk about ethics and standards in Government, I thought that irony had died.
Can we take it that the Government did not think that the Chancellor’s announcement in America last week was important?
I think most people in this House felt that it was.
Therefore, if it was important, did the Chancellor break the ministerial code?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury made a statement to the House yesterday.
The entire Treasury team has been here answering questions today.
The Chancellor will deliver a Budget tomorrow and we will have four days of debate on it.
I doubt that the House has seen so much of the Treasury team since the Tories were forced to deliver two emergency Budgets in September 2022.
My constituents in North East Derbyshire are still paying the price of the mini-Budget, with rises in their mortgages  and rents.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservatives should be talking about that and holding themselves to account rather than throwing out chaff to distract everyone?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the contribution of the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, one word was noticeably missing: sorry.
As Chair of the Procedure Committee in the previous Parliament, I made a point of making sure that when Ministers had breached the rules, it was clear to them that both the Committee and others were very unhappy.
Will the Minister confirm that he will make sure that the revised ministerial code makes it clear that announcements need to be made to this place first, as has always been the case?
With the greatest respect to the right hon.
Lady, she will not have long to wait for the ministerial code.
In my opening remarks to Mr Speaker, I indicated my respect for this House in regard to the matter that she is talking about.
The chutzpah from Conservative Members is quite incredible.
Does the Minister agree that although they make a point today about process, they totally ignored the Office for Budget Responsibility ahead of the disastrous mini-Budget, which is still causing immense pain to my constituents?
Absolutely.
It is no surprise that we have a Conservative party that wants to talk about process, but it will not take responsibility for the £22 billion black hole that it left in our finances.
Yesterday, Mr Speaker, you made the strongest statement of condemnation on a subject of this sort that I have heard from the Chair in 27 years in this House.
The Minister is a decent chap and, for all I know, he may be a skilled cricketer, but he must admit that he is batting on a sticky wicket today.
Does he understand that if his defence is just to say, “We did it because the previous party did it,” nobody will ever break this cycle?
His party has a big majority.
It could just say sorry and resolve to do better in future.
I have a great deal of respect for the right hon.
Gentleman.
I am not a cricketer, as it happens, so I cannot comment on the condition of the wicket.
With regard to Mr Speaker, I did initially set out in my remarks today my respect for what he said both yesterday and today, and my respect for Members of this House.
I think we all understand that Conservative Members are desperate to talk about anything other than their record of 14 years of failure in government.
We hear from hon.
Friends and Opposition Members how those failures are affecting constituents every single day.
My question is, what next?
How will the Conservatives distract us next?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right about the Conservative party’s desire to distract from its record, whether it is the lockdown parties or  the PPE VIP lane for contracts.
This Government are appointing a covid corruption commissioner to get the public’s money back.
Those of us who have been in this place for some time will remember the outraged indignation of the now Government, when they were in opposition, every time the now Opposition pulled a stunt like this.
The only constant is you, Mr Speaker, and your efforts to have whichever of them is in power treat this House and its Members with respect.
Can the Minister not see that the Government displaying such arrogant contempt for the rules only feeds the public perception that one is as bad as the other?
Rather than delivering the change it promised, the Labour party is really saying, “It’s our turn now.”
The hon.
Gentleman cannot possibly be saying that there is any comparison with breaching the rules during the covid pandemic.
He really cannot; that is not a serious proposition.
Nor is it a serious proposition to suggest that this is comparable with the money that was lost in the PPE VIP lane—it really is not.
Despite the rumours being spread, including by the Conservative party, can my right hon.
Friend confirm that not a single change to taxation has yet been announced, and that they will in fact be announced at the Budget tomorrow?
As my hon.
Friend says, the measures will be announced at tomorrow’s Budget in the normal way, with the Office for Budget Responsibility’s economic and fiscal forecast.
The Conservative party may denigrate the Office for Budget Responsibility, but this Government respect our financial institutions.
Can the Paymaster General confirm that the Chancellor receiving £7,500-worth of free clothes and declaring them as office support is a breach of the ministerial code?
rose— I must say, the Conservatives have learned absolutely nothing.
They trashed ministerial standards and standards in this House when in government.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Shannon, you are meant to sit down again.
The Conservatives trashed standards in government.
My suggestion to them is to reflect on the past 14 years.
I am very grateful to several Conservative Members for admitting to quite a lot of the mistakes that they made in government.
People in my constituency are still paying the price, in their mortgages and rents, for the disastrous Conservative economic record.
Is it any wonder that the Conservatives are so desperate to speak about anything other than their disastrous record?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the Conservatives will talk about anything but their own record.
Is it any wonder that they did not conduct a spending review before they called a general election?
The reality is that they made unfunded spending commitments and then ran away.
A remit of the new Modernisation Committee is to enhance the ability of Members of this House to hold the Government to account.
In the light of the failure that has been exhibited over recent days, would the Minister be in favour of referring this issue to the Modernisation Committee?
I was not aware that financial mismanagement by the Conservative party was a matter for the Modernisation Committee, but it should certainly be referred to something.
Like others, I am surprised to hear that Conservative Members recently rediscovered their moral compass—the one that they lost perhaps when the former Prime Minister sent out the “bring your own bottle” invite to Downing Street, when he spent taxpayers’ money jetting his girlfriend around the world, or when they unlawfully suspended this place.
Perhaps the Minister agrees that there might be another motivation.
Does  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  want to keep her job next week?
Of course, we wish  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)
well for the reshuffle next week.
As ever, my hon.
Friend makes a very persuasive point.
The Conservatives will talk about anything apart from their record.
At 10 pm last night, the Government announced a £70 million increase in funding for radiotherapy.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for radiotherapy, I very much welcome that, but would it not have been better and right for the Government to make a statement to the House so that the policy could be properly scrutinised?
That £70 million equals about 30 linear accelerators, but it will take 70 linear accelerators just to replace those that are going out of date this year.
It will not meet the needs of people living in rural communities such as mine.
We desperately need a satellite radiotherapy unit in Kendal so that people can get to treatment quickly.
Will the Paymaster General put that lack of scrutiny right by arranging for a Health Minister to meet me and the rest of the all-party group, so that we can work closely to take forward those plans together?
I will certainly pass on that request to the relevant Health Minister.
Putting aside the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes about scrutiny, I am sure that he joins us in welcoming the focus on radiotherapy, and there will be a real desire to work on it with him across party lines.
I was elected to keep the promises that we made in our manifesto.
The Conservative party broke nearly every promise that it made in its 14 years in government.
Does the Minister agree that it is only right for this Government to confirm that we will honour the pledges we made at the election?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I am afraid that trust was one of the many things that the Conservative Government destroyed over 14 years, and this Government are determined to rebuild it.
The Chancellor, the Education Secretary, the Health Secretary and the Work and Pensions Secretary have all made significant announcements to the media and not to the House.
Will those breaches of the ministerial code be investigated?
Why has the Prime Minister not yet published an updated version of the ministerial code—are the Government still working out whether it is right to accept suits and glasses?
We have already said that the Prime Minister will update the ministerial code and publish it shortly to ensure that it is fit for purpose, deals with problems such as the Tory freebie loophole, as I have said, and meets the high standards that the Prime Minister expects.
We hear a lot about “14 years of failure”, but it seems to me that this Government have had 14 years to learn how the ministerial code works.
In reality, the announcement made by the Chancellor last week moved the markets: bond yields went up, which means that mortgages and people’s bills have gone up.
The right thing for the Government to do is to apologise.
First, we will see the impact of what the Chancellor announces tomorrow and in the days afterwards.
The ministerial code will be published shortly.
That stands in stark contrast to what the previous Government did.
I watched from the Opposition Benches as they tried to tear up the entire rulebook to protect one of their friends—that is not something that we will do.
After your statement yesterday, Mr Speaker, I think you will have been as disappointed as I was that when the Chancellor came to the Chamber for Treasury questions this morning, she failed to apologise for the serious and important announcements that she had made outside the House.
Without deflecting any further by talking about the previous Government’s record, will the Minister promise now that the ministerial code, and the Speaker of this House, who represents us all, will be respected by the Government?
Of course this Government respect both Mr Speaker and the ministerial code, but I make no apology whatsoever for holding the Conservative party to account for its record.