Given that, I assume, everyone in the Chamber has eaten at some point today, do we think that backing Britain’s farmers is a good use of public money, and given that there is a £2.4 billion budget for British farming, which the last Government underspent foolishly, recklessly and carelessly, will the Chief Secretary guarantee that at the very least the farming budget will be protected so that our farmers can carry on looking after our nature and feeding us?
Actually, I did not have breakfast today, so I am looking forward to lunch, and I therefore welcome that short question from the hon.
Member.
This Government are committed to farming and rural  affairs, and to the production of the food that they provide for us, which is important for security of supply as well as, in due course, for my lunch.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Tomorrow I will present my first Budget.
It will be a Budget that fixes the foundations of our economy and delivers on the promise of change.
It will turn the page on low growth and will be the start of a new chapter towards making Britain better off.
It will mean more pounds in people’s pockets, an NHS that is there when they need it, and businesses creating wealth and opportunity for all.
I commend the Chancellor for recently outlining investment in social housing, but in the interim the Joseph Rowntree Foundation has stated that the previous Government’s decision to freeze local housing allowance rates will push 80,000 private renters on housing benefit, including 30,000 children, into deep poverty during this Parliament.
Will the Chancellor now consider unfreezing the allowance and relinking it to the actual cost of local rents, so that those families can keep their heads above water?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point, which I think is familiar to all of us in our communities, about the cost of housing outstretching people’s incomes.
In our manifesto we committed to building 1.5 million new homes, including social housing, which is so important and can give security to people who would otherwise be left in insecure housing in the private rented sector.
As this is his farewell question time, let us now come to the shadow Chancellor.
This are indeed our final exchanges in the House, so before tomorrow’s fireworks I wish the Chancellor well for the future in her role.
There has been a lot of common ground between us.
For example, before the election she said that raising employers’ national insurance was a jobs tax that would take money out of people’s pockets.
I very much agree with her on that; does she agree with herself?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows better than almost anyone else that there a was £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
That will require difficult decisions, but even in those circumstances we will do everything in our power to protect the incomes of ordinary working people, so we are committed to ensuring that no working people will see higher taxes in their payslips after the Budget.
We all know why the Chancellor is inventing this fictitious black hole.
Thirty times this year, before the election, she promised not to raise tax, and now she is planning to present the biggest tax-raising Budget in history.
More consensually, however, as this is our final exchange, I welcome her announcement last week of a £2.3 billion loan for Ukraine.
Does she agree  that the strongest signal of resolve that we can send to Putin is a commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, and does she understand why so many people are worried by the fact that she has yet to do so?
I have always respected the right hon.
Gentleman, but I think it is important for us not to deny the seriousness of the situation that we face with the black hole in the public finances.
Combined with the lashing out at independent economic institutions, it suggests that he has more in common with Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng than perhaps we thought.
I watched my party lurch towards an ideological extreme and deny reality, and we spent years in opposition as a result.
The shadow Chancellor risks taking his party down the same path.
My constituency’s beer and pub sector makes a significant contribution to the economy, both locally and nationally.
Our 76 pubs and two breweries generate £23 million in tax receipts each year.
Will the Chancellor work with the sector to unlock its growth potential, in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across our country?
I know that Newcastle-under-Lyme and, indeed, the whole county of Staffordshire have a proud brewing tradition, and
my hon.
Friend will be an excellent champion of breweries in his constituency.
Supporting pubs and breweries is very important for me as a Minister.
Indeed, on my first day in the Treasury’s Darlington economic campus, I visited Durham brewery—it was a work visit—where I heard from the Society of Independent Brewers and associates about the huge contribution that breweries make to British society.
Further details will be set out by the Chancellor tomorrow.
The Chancellor recently announced an extra £550 million for the school rebuilding programme.
Can she now confirm that all the schools on that programme, including Bramhall high school, are fully funded and will get their repairs soon?