I am not going to ask the Chancellor to pre-empt tomorrow’s Budget, although I might actually have some luck if I did, based on current form.
Instead, can she confirm to me that she fully appreciates how important agricultural property relief and business property relief are to the farmers and family businesses that do so much to grow local economies across the country?
I recognise the importance of being able to pass on to the next generation the assets people have built up, and we will be setting out more details on all of our tax policies in the Budget tomorrow.
Shared prosperity funding has been used by local authorities such as Fife council to drive economic growth, particularly through support for small businesses.
That funding is due to end in April 2025.
Can we get a commitment from the Government that funding for these kinds of schemes will continue?
We will set out more details in the Budget tomorrow, including the consequentials that will go to the Scottish Government.
Investment requires a measure of optimism, not the collapse in business confidence that the Chancellor has engineered.
She would have done better to stress some of the positives that she inherited, wouldn’t she?
It is good to have an explanation of how to do my job from one of the Conservative Members who crashed our economy.
Some £63.5 billion of investment into the UK was announced at our international investment summit—investment in life sciences, investment in data centres and digital, investment in clean energy—because businesses have confidence that this Government are bringing stability back to our economy and working with businesses to seize the opportunities.
I am really excited about doing that in all parts of our country and working with business to do so.
Can the Chancellor tell us, to the nearest £10 billion, how much extra would be available for long-term investment were it not for the fire sale of UK Government bonds by the Bank of England, costing the taxpayer dearly?
I started my career as an economist at the Bank of England, and unlike Conservative Members, I think it is incredibly important to recognise the independence of our economic institutions, including the Bank of England and, indeed, the Office for Budget Responsibility.