I would like to ask a question that comes out of local government.
One of the frustrations that I found after 14 years in local government was that short-term cuts can often end up costing more in the long run—an example that always comes to mind is youth services.
What does the Chancellor make of the Local Government Association’s call for spending on prevention to be routinely considered in both Treasury and departmental spending decisions, and for better tracking of long-term outcomes?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the opportunities for improvement.
As the Chancellor set out in her   July statement, prevention will be at the heart of this Government’s new approach to public service reform.
That will be set out in the spending review in the coming months.
Many households are facing homelessness due to increasing household costs.
What support can the Chancellor provide to them?
Building the homes that our country needs is a top priority for this Government.
In our manifesto, we committed to build 1.5 million homes in this Parliament, including social housing, so that people have access to secure and affordable accommodation and that every family have a roof over their heads.
We will set out more details on all of this in the Budget tomorrow.
Prior to being elected to this place, I was the leader of South Ribble borough council in Lancashire, where we continually struggled to set meaningful budgets due to the fragmented, short-term policies of the previous Tory Government.
Will Ministers please assure me that the proposals being considered in tomorrow’s Budget will see an end to the fragmented annual public sector funding allocations and a reintroduction of meaningful, forward-thinking, multi-year settlements?
The Government recognise the significant pressures that all councils are facing.
We are looking at consolidating funding streams for local authorities into the local government finance settlement, and we will work towards implementing our commitment to a multi-year financial settlement.
During my SEND summit in Bodmin on Saturday, teachers and parents revealed the shocking extent of our broken special educational needs system in North Cornwall and across the county.
Thousands are struggling to get the support to which they are entitled.
What are Treasury Ministers doing to ensure that local councils and schools are properly resourced to deliver an effective SEND system, so that families finally get the support they need and deserve?