The Government are fully committed to ensuring that investment in all parts of the UK, including the north of England, creates growth and impact for working people.
The north of England is home to crucial levers to achieve this, as evidenced by our recent announcements on Teesside and Merseyside, which will create thousands of jobs and secure long-term futures.
The detail of individual projects will be confirmed in due course.
The creation of the national wealth fund, and the record success of the £63 billion of investment announced at the investment summit, comes on top of investments that Ministers have just announced in carbon capture in the north-west.
Those are examples of the success— Order.
The hon.
Gentleman is a very good Member who has been here a long time.
Please try to look at me occasionally; it would be helpful.
The successful investments announced are a great example of this Government delivering jobs and economic growth, in the north of England and across the country.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is in stark contrast to the abysmal record of the Conservative party in its 14 years in government?
My hon.
Friend rightly points out that this country faces a choice: investment or decline.
As we saw at the general election, it chose investment, and that is what the Government will deliver.
What steps she is taking to increase economic productivity.
What steps she is taking to increase economic productivity in the Black Country.
Increasing economic productivity is a key mission in the Labour Government’s growth agenda.
After 14 years of weak productivity, depressed living standards and unfunded spending commitments, we are adamant about bringing our country into an upward trajectory, using the national wealth fund and the significant planning reforms that we are bringing together to ensure a decade of national renewal for our country.
Across the UK, the hospitality sector generates £93 billion per year.
In my constituency, there are many examples of local entrepreneurs, including on the old town’s High Street and in our neighbourhood centres, who provide an excellent service for residents and visitors alike.
What can my hon.
Friend do to help our hospitality services grow in Stevenage and across the UK?
I am fully aware of the assets of my hon.
Friend’s constituency, including the neighbourhood centres that he mentions, and the surrounding villages, which host amazing music festivals.
I recognise the contribution of the hospitality sector in Stevenage to the UK economy, and I know he is a great champion of the borough business club.
I am confident that our Government’s growth mission will ensure that hospitality businesses in Stevenage continue to grow.
The Government look forward to working with organisations such as UKHospitality to facilitate that.
“Invest 2035: the UK’s modern industrial strategy” identifies advanced manufacturing as a growth-driving sector.
Manufacturing in Dudley accounts for 40.4% of jobs; that is double the national average.
What steps are the Government taking to support and revitalise the manufacturing sector in Dudley, given its historical significance to the local economy, and its potential contribution to the UK’s overall industrial strategy?
As my hon.
Friend rightly says, we identified advanced manufacturing as a growth-driving sector in the recently published industrial strategy Green Paper.
I know how important manufacturing centres such as the Very Light Rail National Innovation Centre are to Dudley and the UK economy.
We are committed  to supporting advanced manufacturing through the industrial strategy, which, alongside sector plans, will be developed in partnership with businesses and stakeholders ahead of publication in spring 2025.
I hope that she will contribute to that.
Jobs will be at the heart of our industrial strategy, backed by employment rights that are fit for a modern economy.
Investing in transport infrastructure will boost productivity, so is the Chancellor listening to Members from across the east of England and across the House, and will she back the Ely junction rail upgrade, which delivers benefits of £5 for every £1 invested?
As the hon.
Member will know, the Chancellor listens carefully to everything that is said in the Chamber, and I am sure that she has noted what he has said.
We in Northern Ireland were told that, as a result of having dual access to the EU market and the United Kingdom market, we would see an increase in inward investment and economic productivity.
Recently, Invest NI has had to admit that there has been no uptick in investment, because access to the EU market is counteracted by barriers from the GB market—that is clear.
Do the Government now recognise that that was a mis-sold proposition?
I think we were mis-sold a lot of things by the previous Government, if that is what the hon.
Member is talking about.
I remind him that we had the investment summit recently, where we secured £63 billion of private investment, creating more than 38,000 jobs.
That is more than double what the previous Government secured in 2023.
What fiscal steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support households with energy bills.
Household energy bills have fallen by 30% since their peak, and are now around £800 lower for a typical household.
This Government are committed to improving the quality and sustainability of our housing stock through our warm home plan, further details of which will be set out through the spending review.
That will be vital in making sure that the UK is more energy-resilient, in lowering household bills and in meeting our 2050 net zero commitment.
Given that many constituents of mine in Woking and across the country live in fuel poverty and are fearful of losing their winter fuel allowance, does the Minister or the Chancellor agree that targeted support for low-income families and households should be included in tomorrow’s Budget or in the warm home plan, so that no one has to decide between eating and heating this winter?
The hon.
Gentleman can see our commitment to supporting vulnerable households with the cost of energy and food in our extension of the  household support fund, at a cost of half a billion pounds, from the end of September to the end of March.
That will allow local authorities to help low-income families with the cost of essentials, such as food and energy.
This nation experienced the highest rise in energy bills of all G7 countries after Putin invaded Ukraine, because the Conservatives left us dependent on natural gas and with the worst-insulated homes in western Europe.
Can the Minister assure me that we will invest in the clean energy and home insulation that we need to lower energy bills for good?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that while it is essential that we tackle high energy bills now, it is also essential that we invest for the future to bring energy bills down for good.
Critical to that is investing in our housing stock, as I have mentioned, but also, through GB Energy, in sustainable energy sources to make sure we improve our energy security and bring bills down for families across the country.
What steps she is taking to help ensure sustainable public finances.
In July, a Treasury assessment of public spending showed that this Government inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
I took immediate action—[Interruption.]
Those on the Opposition Benches may not like it, but it is true.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I cannot hear the Chancellor, and I will hear the Chancellor.
There are not many Conservative Members, but they still make quite a lot of noise.
I took immediate action by identifying savings and making reforms to the spending and fiscal framework to ensure that never again can a Government be allowed to make unfunded commitments, and to leave their successors with a massive black hole, as the Leader of the Opposition and the previous Chancellor did.
As my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said to the House yesterday, the Budget will confirm the detail of the robust fiscal rules—this was set out in our manifesto—and will set out tax and spending plans, alongside an updated forecast from the independent Office for Budget Responsibility.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that being honest and transparent about the state of public finances is the right thing to do, and that having a long-term plan to fix the foundations of our economy and the public finances is preferable to the short-term, chaotic approach taken by the SNP in Scotland, which has led to three consecutive years of emergency in-year budget cuts?
This Government are committed to sustainable public finances, unlike two of the Opposition parties.
A stable economy built on stable public finances  is a key foundation for growth, which is why Labour is on the Government Benches, and the SNP and the Tories are on the Opposition Benches.
The robust fiscal rules set out in our manifesto will put the public finances on a sustainable path, so that we can move the budget into balance, with day-to-day costs being met by revenues, and get debt falling as a share of our economy.
Given our challenging inheritance, that will require difficult choices, but this Government will make them to fix the foundations of our economy.
The last Government left Eastbourne borough council in a position in which it spends 49p in every pound it collects in council tax on temporary accommodation.
We need a solution, because that is not sustainable for councils or families.
Will the Chancellor commit to supporting councils with the cost of temporary accommodation, and to investing in preventing homelessness in the first place?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: the number of people housed in temporary accommodation is a scandal, and the amount that costs taxpayers in Eastbourne and around the country is a double scandal.
We made a commitment in our manifesto to building 1.5 million homes during this Parliament.
Conservative Members oppose that, but we are determined to do it, because that is the way to bring down the cost of temporary accommodation and ensure that all families have a safe and secure roof over their heads.
My right hon.
Friend is right about the challenge it will be for the Government to balance the public finances.
A stiff target of 2% in-year efficiency savings has been set for Departments.
What is she doing to make sure that the target is robustly applied, and that Departments do not game it by putting off decisions, which will end up costing more?