Clearly, the Chancellor is desperately trying to raise old ghosts, along with debt and taxes, but her own broken promises are coming back to haunt her and are frightening investors.
It does not have to be Halloween for socialists to spook British business.
Why does she think that business confidence has fallen faster in the past three months than at any point since the pandemic?
I would judge this Government on their record: we secured £63.5 billion of investment right across the United Kingdom, creating nearly 40,000 jobs in constituencies up and down our country—good jobs that pay decent wages.
That is more than twice the investment that the previous Government secured at their international investment summit.
That shows how important it is to return stability to economy and work in partnership with businesses—something that the Conservative party might want to learn a lesson from.
What fiscal steps she is taking to support pensioners with the cost of living.
More than 12 million pensioners will be protected by this Government’s commitment to the triple lock, with the new full state pension expected to increase by around £1,700 over the course of this Parliament.
Pensioners also benefit from free eye test, free NHS prescriptions and free bus passes.
We know that no impact assessment was carried out prior to the decision to cut the winter fuel payment, but was any consideration given to the burden that the daunting application form places on the elderly, and the extra burden on charities such as Age UK, which advise them on completing it?
Evidence of that daunting burden is the 60% limit to uptake over the past decade.
Will she work with her colleagues to simplify the application process, ease the burden on those who are losing the winter fuel payment, and help them receive the broad benefits that pension credit provides?
I think the Minister got it in the first two minutes, never mind the last three.
The Government did an equality analysis on the change, which was published in September.
I recommend that the hon.
Gentleman take a look at it.
It was such a long question that I have forgotten what he asked.
On application forms— Order.
Let’s move on.
rose— Order.
What is the hon.
Gentleman standing for?
I hope he is not.
I call Blake Stephenson.
What taxes she classes as taxes on working people.
What steps she is taking to minimise taxes on working people.
As hon.
Members know, any changes to tax policy will be set out in tomorrow’s Budget.
Members will also know that our approach to fixing the foundations of the economy will be one that protects working people.
This Labour Government will honour our commitment to protect working people by not increasing national insurance, basic, higher or additional rates of income tax, or VAT.
The Government have got into an absolute pickle over the definition of working people.
People deserve certainty.
In Mid Bedfordshire, we are proud of the hard work of the owners of nearly 5,000 small businesses.
They are working people creating jobs and growing our economy, and all while providing for their families.
They are lying awake at night worrying about yet higher taxes.
Will the Chancellor give them a peaceful night’s sleep ahead of tomorrow’s Budget and confirm that she will honour her manifesto commitment not to raise taxes on them?
I do not think I am pre-empting anything tomorrow by confirming that the Chancellor will absolutely stick to our commitment not to raise taxes on working people through national insurance, the basic, higher or additional rates of income tax, or VAT.
And I might add that what people and businesses in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency might want is stability in the economy, a Government who support investment in the economy, and a Government who will get the economy growing and make people across Britain better off.
In Bury North, child poverty rates are at 43%, densely populated in three of our nine wards: Bury East, Redvales and Moorside.
Does the Minister agree with me that minimising tax rises for working people is just the starting point, and that tackling the crippling level of impoverishment for those in work requires a laser focus and intervention from this mission-driven Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that, while keeping taxes on working people as low as possible is crucial, the way to make people better off in the long run is through boosting public and private investment, and delivering sustained economic growth.
That is the focus of this Labour Government, and that will guide the choices we make.