As my right hon.
Friend will be aware, coastal communities such as mine struggle with a low-pay, low-skill economy.
Does she acknowledge the importance of the minimum wage in tackling this problem and supporting our communities and local economies?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is why we will ensure that the Low Pay Commission takes into account the cost of living, and why we will close the gap between the youth rate of minimum wage and the overall rate, so that all adults can be paid a fair wage for their work.
The living standards of a 90-year-old pensioner on a £13,500 income are falling sharply this winter as a result of the Chancellor’s decision to take away the winter fuel allowance.
Tomorrow, she has the chance to increase the threshold.
Will she take it?
As the hon.
Lady knows, because of our commitment to the triple lock, the basic state pension and the new state pension will continue to rise.
This winter, the new state pension is worth £900 more than it was a year ago, and it is likely to rise by a further £450 next April.
Indeed, during the course of this Parliament, because of the triple lock, the new state pension is likely to be worth £1,700 more—much more than the value of the winter fuel payment.
I am sure that the Treasury was pleased to receive £1.5 billion in a windfall tax from Octopus Energy.
Would the Chancellor consider using that money to reinstate the winter fuel allowance for one year until the Treasury has had the opportunity to find a better system of means-testing, so that my vulnerable residents and pensioners in Chichester are not falling off a cliff edge this winter?
I can understand the hon.
Member’s concern, but of course, that £1.5 billion was already baked into the forecast—it is not new money to spend on initiatives.
As she knows, we inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances; we will set out the detail of that at the Budget tomorrow, but because of that, we have had to make very difficult choices.
Even in those difficult circumstances, though, we have protected the winter fuel payment for the most vulnerable pensioners who are on pension credit.
We have also boosted the uptake of pension credit, so that people get the support they are entitled to.
Residents of Joseph Rowntree’s St Ellens Court all gathered recently to tell me about the devastating impact that the cut in the winter fuel payment will have on their living standards, and people in Withernsea gathered Saturday last to demonstrate against it.
Tomorrow, the Chancellor can do the right thing; will she?
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman told them about the £22 billion gap in the public finances that his Government left, which has required the difficult decisions this Government have had to make to clean up the mess left by the Conservative party.
With the promised £300 cut in energy bills not materialising, the winter fuel payment scrapped for pensioners, and now the bus cap lifted for working people—whatever definition of that term the Chancellor is using today—can she honestly say that living standards will improve for everybody under this Government?
On the bus price cap specifically, the hon.
Member will know that the previous Government put no money in to extend that cap.
We have put money in to ensure that the bus price cap remains at an affordable level for people, unlike the previous Government, who just had short-term gimmicks.
What estimate she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the additional funding needed to process pension credit applications within target timescales.
The Department for Work and Pensions has deployed 500 additional staff to process pension credit applications as quickly as possible, and I encourage all pensioners who might be eligible to apply by  21 December .
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, that benefit can be backdated by three months, and can passport pensioners to other benefits.
I am very grateful for the Minister’s answer.
I put in a written question to find out how long this would take, and almost one in four people who apply for pension credit are waiting longer than 50 working days for their application to be picked up, which takes us past Christmas and into the new year.
That is before the 150% increase in applications referred to in the data released by the Government, so although I am pleased to hear that there are 500 more staff, could we hear how much extra funding is going in immediately to make sure those applications are processed this side of Christmas?
Otherwise, pensioners are really going to struggle.
I am very pleased to say that there has been a 152% increase in the number of pensioners who are applying for pension credit.
That is good news, and is a result of the pension credit awareness campaign that we have been running since early September.
We are putting in place all the resources we can to process claims as quickly as possible.