Eighty-two per cent of those who have seen Labour take away their winter fuel payment are either below the poverty line or within £55 a week of it.
How can the Government justify this, when they are not even allowing a freedom of information request from the Financial Times to be responded to?
They are hiding the figures from the people.
We are not hiding the figures.
If I had had the chance, I would have said that 455,000 pensioners are paying the higher rate of tax and that 39,300 are paying the additional rate.
Many wealthy pensioners have said to me that they do not need the winter fuel payment—[Interruption.]
The right hon.
Gentleman says that, but there are a number of— Order.
I think the Minister has answered the question.
I call Emma Foody.
Residents in my constituency are still feeling the pinch in their pockets and pay packets from Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-Budget.
It is vital that this Government fix the foundations of our economy to deliver proper public services and a rise in living standards.
Can the Chancellor tell me how she will deliver this for the north-east and for people across the country?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the disastrous impacts of the Conservative mini-Budget just over two years ago, which is still having an impact on people’s lives as they pay higher mortgage bills.
This Government have committed to return sustainability to the economy and to working with business to reform our planning system, our pensions system and our skills system.
We have already brought in £63.5 billion of private sector investment to grow our economy in all parts of the country and deliver the jobs and better wages that constituents in Cramlington and right across the country need to see.
Small business owners are working people, and they are some of the hardest-working people that I know.
The Labour party struggled to define them over the weekend, but does the Chancellor agree that any rise in fuel duty, which the Conservatives froze or cut for 14 years, would be a tax on those hard-working people or those hard-working small business owners?
The previous Government factored into their forecasts an increase in fuel duty this year.
I will set out our plans in the Budget tomorrow.
Can the Minister update the House on how the Government will help to secure better returns for pensioners while also unlocking the opportunities for pension savings to help generate growth?
The Chancellor launched the landmark pensions review in July, which I am leading and which is looking at measures to drive more UK pension investment into the UK economy, boosting growth but also improving pension savers’ outcomes.
I know that there is interest in this agenda across the House.
Countryside Alliance research shows that rural households spend up to £800 a year more on fuel than urban households, so further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Meriden and Solihull East (Saqib Bhatti) , will the Chancellor protect rural communities in the Budget tomorrow?
The hon.
Gentleman is urging me to comment on the Budget, but he will have to wait until tomorrow.
This Government have inherited a Britain that is now the most unequal country in the G7 bar America.
The UK’s 50 richest families own 50% of the country’s wealth, and our tax system exacerbates this inequality with unfair loopholes that benefit those who have wealth rather than those who go to work.
What steps— Order—[Interruption.]
No, these are topical questions and I decide.
My hon.
Friend will have to wait for the Budget tomorrow, but he will know that we have committed to closing some loopholes, including VAT on private schools, the non-dom loophole and cracking down on tax avoidance.
In South Devon, the average house price is now 14 times the average salary, at £425,000.
What measures is the Chancellor taking to ensure that rural and coastal areas, such as the South Hams, which face huge digital and transport connectivity problems, will be included in measures to boost economic growth?
Our commitment to build 1.5 million homes is about ensuring that all our constituents get the chance to have a roof over their head, including in rural areas, with more social housing as well so that people can have a secure tenancy.
The hon.
Lady is also right to raise the issue of digital connectivity, and we will be setting out more details on infrastructure investment in the Budget tomorrow.
“Buy now, pay later” is attractive to young people who are trying to survive on zero-hours contracts with irregular hours.
What assurances can the Chancellor give me that the coming regulations will protect this group from problematic debt?
The proposed regulations will drive high standards of conduct among “buy now, pay later” firms, ensuring that consumers receive clear information and have access to strong protections.
Our proposals will also allow the Financial Conduct Authority to require “buy now, pay later” firms to carry out affordability checks, ensuring that firms lend only to borrowers who can afford to repay.
During the last election campaign, Labour candidates across Somerset said that a Labour Government would cut energy bills by £300.
Will the Chancellor set out the timescale for fulfilling that promise?