Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine health care transparency,

focusing on lowering costs and empowering patients.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the U.S. taxpayer

funded high-risk virus research.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF NARSAI MICHAEL DAVID

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of an

extraordinary American, Narsai Michael David.
Narsai David, the child of Assyrian immigrants, was born in South

Bend, Indiana on June 26, 1936 and grew up in Turlock, California.
He

died in his home in Berkeley on June 20, 2024 from injuries suffered as

a result of a fall.
Narsai David graduated from Turlock High School and the University of

California, Berkeley, where he studied math and pre-med.
He worked in a

restaurant during college and after owning a printing company for two

years, he worked at a restaurant in Berkeley where he eventually became

a partner.
In 1970 he launched a catering business and one of his first

clients, rock impresario Bill Graham, introduced him to many of the

legends of the era.
In 1976 Narsai opened his eponymous restaurant in Kensington,

California, and was in the vanguard of the food revolution of the

1970's.
He also owned a vineyard in the Napa Valley where he produced

Cuvee and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Narsai David's inviting smile, warm voice and passion for food and

travel made him a widely beloved and highly regarded writer of a

cooking column in the San Francisco Chronicle and commentator on KCBS

radio and television for many years.
Reminiscing about Narsai, his colleagues at KCBS remember his

signature bow ties, and how he would begin with ``I'm Narsai David to

say . . . .''
and launch into his news reports.
He never said anything

negative on the radio or television about a restaurant or chef, and

when he was hosting a dinner he would tinkle his fork on a glass and

say ``good evening, good evening and a very good evening,'' all with a

sparkle in his eye.
Narsai was a generous philanthropist who was affiliated with the

Assyrian Aid Society of America and Alameda County's Meals on Wheels

program.
His pride in being an Assyrian American was evident to all,

and his gourmet enterprises all reflected the culture.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in

honoring the life of a great and good man, Narsai David, and in

extending our most sincere condolences to his wife Venus and his son

Daniel.
We are a better Nation because of this exceptional man who was

a dear friend and mentor to me.