Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Fairness in Federal

Bureau of Prisons Medical Care Act of 2024.
This bill would eliminate

the copay the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) imposes on individuals in

its custody when they visit a health care provider.
Under BOP rules, individuals in its custody are required to ``pay a

fee for health services of $2.00 per health care visit.''
While $2 may

seem insignificant, when such individuals earn only twelve to forty

cents per hour on their work assignments, $2 is substantial.
That money

could better be used to pay for the cost of necessities.
Moreover,

while copays can reduce unnecessary appointments, we should be

encouraging such individuals to seek medical care before their

conditions become worse and more expensive for taxpayers.
Early care is

better for patients and much less expensive for the federal government

than costly treatments that could have been avoided by a simple health

care visit earlier in the process.
Under BOP rules, if an individual in BOP custody is found responsible

through the Disciplinary Hearing Process of having caused an injury to

another person in BOP custody that required a visit to a health care

provider, the offending individual is required to pay the $2 copay for

the injured individual's visit.
That rule would not change under this

bill.
Removing this unnecessary copay would encourage early treatment and

would save the federal government money.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF ERNEST L. HESTER, JR.
HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to lift up the life of a great

American.
Ernest L. Hester, Jr., known to most as Tim, who passed away

on April 16, 2024.
Mr. Hester was born June 28, 1939.
He served in the United States

Army Reserves in the early 1960's and was stationed at Fort Drum and at

Fort Sill.
He served as a contractor with the United States Department

of Defense in a classified capacity in the United States and abroad.
He

was involved with design work regarding national and international

security.
Mr. Hester used his talents to serve our Nation in a quiet

but very important way.
Mr. Hester was married to his wife Barbara Ann Banks Hester for 59

years.
They have one son, Peter, and two daughters, Jennifer and Aimee.
Their family also includes ten grandchildren.
Mr. Hester was a

Christian and a patriotic American.
A true gentleman, he always treated

others with kindness, generosity, and respect.
Mr. Hester was known for

his resourcefulness and his ability to get things done.
Mr. Hester was a generous, faithful, and intelligent man who served

our country well.
I am honored to recognize Ernest L. ``Tim'' Hester

before the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
KATIE PORTER

Ms. PORTER.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present to cast my vote

on Roll Call Nos.
327, 328, 329, 330, 331, 332, 333, 334, and 335.
Had

I been present, I would have voted NAY on No.
327, NAY on No.
328, YEA

on No.
329, YEA on No.
330, NAY on No.
331, YEA on No.
332, NAY on No.
333, YEA on No.
334, and NAY on No.
335.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE BEREA CITIZEN

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Berea Citizen, a

newspaper in Kentucky's Sixth District.
The Berea Citizen was founded

in 1899.
It has been a trusted news source for the people of Madison

County for 125 years.
The idea for the newspaper originated with Berea College President

William G. Frost and at first it served as the school newspaper.
It

remained connected with Berea College until 1984, when it became a

private newspaper.