Title: CELEBRATING FRANK CHARLES BIELECKI'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
112

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING FRANK CHARLES BIELECKI'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of my

constituent, Frank Charles Bielecki, who turns 100 years old on August

28th of this year.
Mr. Bielecki has dedicated his life to our country,

his family, and Michiganders.
Bielecki served in the United States Army for three years, where he

worked as a Private and Tec 5 Cook at Fort Custer in Michigan.
Bielecki

spent 60 wonderful years with his wife Dorothy Joan Kulak, and he is a

proud father to three sons, a grandfather of seven, and a great

grandfather of eleven.
Before retiring in 1986, he worked at Rapistan

Conveyors in Grand Rapids for over 31 years.
When asked about his secret to longevity, Bielecki recalls always

working hard, staying healthy, and eating plenty of Vernors and Little

Debbie Honey Buns.
From raising generations of Michiganders to serving

our country, Bielecki has inspired so many people across the Third

District.
I applaud the positive impact he continues to make in our

West Michigan community.
Mr. Speaker, once more I ask my colleagues to join me in commending

Mr. Bielecki for his lifelong commitment to family, community, and

service; and to Mr. Bielecki, I wish him another happy, healthy, and

fulfilling year ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS

APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2025

speech of

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my

amendment No.
44--which has been included in the En Bloc amendment--to

help ensure that the U.S. remains focused on helping to end female

genital mutilation around the world at a time when some countries are

considering repealing existing bans.
Female genital mutilation (FGM) involves procedures that alter or

injure the female genitalia for non-medical reasons and is recognized

internationally as a violation of the human rights of girls and women.
As the person who led efforts to outlaw female genital mutilation in

the State of Wisconsin, I am too keenly aware that this remains a

pressing issue.
More than 200 million girls and women alive today have undergone

female genital mutilation.
And it is estimated that 4.4 million girls

are at risk of experiencing this harmful practice this year alone.
This is a practice that has no health benefits but harms girls and

women.
I share concerns that have been raised about the overall funding

levels in this bill that have been so well articulated and the deep

cuts to a range of programs that are vital to our Nation's interest and

national security efforts.
I am also troubled by a number of policy riders that have been

inserted into this bill.
The bill defunds agencies like the UN

Children's Fund (UNICEF) that have been working to address female

genital mutilation for years.
Agencies like the United Nations

Population Fund (UNFPA) that have also been engaged in helping to move

the world towards the elimination of this practice.
The Department of

State has annually provided about $5 million to UNICEF to support a

Joint Programme on the Elimination of Female Genital Mutilation.
While we have not yet eliminated the practice of FGM, our investments

and those of our international partners have seen results.
As noted by

the UN, over the last three decades, the prevalence of FGM has declined

globally.
It wasn't by accident.
It took hard work by dedicated partners at all levels from the

international community to the local community working to reframe laws

and attitudes.
But the work must continue.
For example, the parliament in The Gambia is considering repealing

the FGM ban enacted in that country in 2015.