It took hard work by dedicated partners at all levels from the

international community to the local community working to reframe laws

and attitudes.
But the work must continue.
For example, the parliament in The Gambia is considering repealing

the FGM ban enacted in that country in 2015.
The repeal campaign began after the government dared to actually

enforce the law a few years ago.
Overall, there is concern that if The Gambia repeals its law, this

could inspire other countries to do likewise.
But more importantly, is what it would mean for the women and girls

in Gambia, where some estimated that up to three-quarters of the women

and girls have undergone the procedure.
In February of this year, when the world commemorated the

International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation, our

Secretary of State Antony Blinken said, ``FGM, in all forms, is a Human

rights abuse that harms all women.''
We cannot rollback the U.S. commitment to ending this human rights

abuse and that includes ensuring that we adequately fund these efforts.
Our commitment to eliminating FGM--working with international

organizations, such as UNICEF and UNFPA, coUntries, survivors, and

other stakeholders--will only go as deep as our resources take it.
My

amendment would send a message that we still think this is important

even in a bill that makes harmful cuts across the board to development,

diplomacy, and humanitarian assistance.
I urge support.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KAREN ST.
HILAIRE FOR HER SERVICE AND DEDICATION TO VETERANS

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Karen St. Hilaire,

President of the New York American Legion Auxiliary, and her work with

the Hope For The Warriors project.
Karen St. Hilaire is a 49-year member of the Mattydale American

Legion Auxiliary Unit No.
1832 in Onondaga County.
She became a member

through her father John Allen who served in World War Two.
Her late

husband Jerry Hilaire was also a Veteran in the Army who served in

Vietnam.
Karen's leadership skill began as Unit President in 1999 progressing

to County in 2008, and District in 2011.
She has chaired the Community

Service, Americanism, Leadership, Children and Youth, VA&R, Membership

Committees, and as an Executive Board member.
Karen has been spending her year promoting and raising money for the

``Hope For The Warriors,'' Hope For The Warriors was founded by

military families aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, NC in 2006 as

they witnessed, firsthand, the effects war imparts on service members

and their families.
Hope For the Warriors believes those touched by

military service can succeed at home by restoring their sense of self,

family, and hope.
Nationally, Hope For The Warriors provides comprehensive support

programs for service members, veterans, and military families that are

focused on transition, health and wellness, peer engagement, and

connections to community resources.
Hope For The Warriors understands the challenges, pride, and joy of

being a military family.
For today, tomorrow, and years to come, they

will strive to meet the changing needs of service members and their

families.
Hope For The Warriors is a family, united by our shared

conviction of honor and sacrifice.
In Karen's personal life, she is

active in her community as a retired Firefighter and currently elected

Fire Commissioner for Hinsdale Volunteer Fire Department.
Karen is a

retired Registered Nurse with a certification from American Association

of Critical Care Nurses.
Karen has often sited that her greatest accomplishment is that she

and her late husband Jerry have two daughters, Amy and Kristin, along

with six grandchildren, Ariana, Emyrson, Ayva, Camryn, Brooklyn, and

Dylan.
I am honored to share the admirable work that Mrs. Hilaire has

devoted to helping care for our Veterans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
MARTHA ANN SANDERS

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.