2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine war crimes and complicity

from Syria to Ukraine.
RHOB-2247

2:15 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To received a closed briefing on the Columbia River

Treaty.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy

To hold hearings to examine the state of rural

infrastructure, focusing on emergency response,

recovery, and resilience.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 2783, to amend the

Miccosukee Reserved Area Act to authorize the expansion

activities to protect structures within the Osceola

Camp from flooding, S. 3406, to amend the Omnibus

Public Land Management Act of 2009 to make a technical

correction to the Navajo Nation Water Resources

Development Trust Fund, to amend the Claims Resolution

Act of 2010 to make technical corrections to the Taos

Pueblo Water Development Fund and Aamodt Settlement

Pueblos' Fund, S. 3857, to take certain land in the

State of California into trust for the benefit of the

Jamul Indian Village of California, and S. 4365, to

provide public health veterinary services to Indian

Tribes and Tribal organizations for rabies prevention.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine personnel vetting, security

clearance reform, and Trusted Workforce 2.0.
JULY 11

9 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tonya

Parran Wilkerson, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary

for Intelligence and Security, and Michael Louis

Sulmeyer, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary,

both of the Department of Defense.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to consider 302(b) Subcommittee

allocations, and to markup an original bill entitled,

``Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2025'', an

original bill entitled, ``Agriculture, Rural

Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related

Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025'', and an original

bill entitled, ``Military Construction, Veterans

Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act,

2025''.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Christy

Goldsmith Romero, of Virginia, to be Chairperson and

Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit

Insurance Corporation, Caroline A. Crenshaw, of the

District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Securities

and Exchange Commission, Kristin N. Johnson, of

Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,

and Gordon I. Ito, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the

Financial Stability Oversight Council.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the need to protect

Americans' privacy and the AI Accelerant.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine what Congress can do to end

the medical debt crisis in America.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT

grant program, and the nominations of Embry J. Kidd, of

Florida, to be United States Circuit Judge for the

Eleventh Circuit, Adam B. Abelson, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Maryland, Michelle

Williams Court, Anne Hwang, and Cynthia Valenzuela

Dixon, each to be United States District Judge for the

Central District of California, Sarah Netburn, to be

United States District Judge for the Southern District

of New York, Stacey D. Neumann, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Maine, Joseph

Francis Saporito, Jr., to be United States District

Judge for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, and

Meredith A. Vacca, to be United States District Judge

for the Western District of New York.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine health care transparency,

focusing on lowering costs and empowering patients.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the U.S. taxpayer

funded high-risk virus research.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.