From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
MARTHA ANN SANDERS

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of St.

Louis to celebrate the 80th birthday of Mrs. Martha Ann Sanders.
Eighty years is a remarkable milestone and worthy of great

celebration.
Mrs. Sanders has seen and lived through segments of

history that most of us can only learn about through being in close

community with our elders.
Her trials, triumphs, and everything in

between, are a beautiful testament to a remarkable life.
As we honor and celebrate her birthday, I would like to recognize

Mrs. Sanders' family and friends who are celebrating this milestone

occasion.
Mrs. Sanders' unwavering strength and profound love for her

family is evident and today serves as a reminder of the impact she has

had on her family and broader community.
On behalf of Missouri's First Congressional District, I wish Mrs.

Martha Ann Sanders peace, blessings, and a joyous start to her 80th

year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STELLA WHITNEY-WEST

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable

career and leadership of Stella Whitney-West, who is retiring after 17

years as Chief Executive Officer of NorthPoint Health and Wellness

Center in Minneapolis.
NorthPoint, one of my district's Federally Qualified Health Centers,

serves thousands of my constituents every year, Federally Qualified

Health Centers make up the fabric of our country's health safety net--

and Ms. Whitney-West's leadership has been instrumental in making

NorthPoint a shining example of the FQHC model.
In fact, it should be

noted that NorthPoint was the first FQHC to be designated as a Health

Care Home by the Minnesota Department of Public Health.
Ms. Whitney-

West began her career at NorthPoint as Chief Operating Officer in 2004.
When she became the Chief Executive Officer in 2007, she led NorthPoint

through a transitional time of several renovations and expansions to

better serve our community.
Throughout Ms. Whitney-West's tenure, she

and her staff have prioritized fostering partnerships with other

organizations throughout the city to expand their reach of care.
NorthPoint's role in serving our community during the COVID-19 pandemic

is immeasurable.
Under Ms. Whitney-West's steadfast leadership,

NorthPoint was a cornerstone of health and wellness for those who

needed it most; not only by providing critical care and information,

but also access to countless other resources like food and housing

support.
The positive impact that NorthPoint has on my district cannot

be overstated, and it is thanks in large part to Stella Whitney-West's

incredible leadership.
Ms. Whitney-West has spent the last 20 years at NorthPoint deeply

committed to improving the lives of those in and around Minneapolis.
She has also served on the boards of Minnesota Association of Community

Health Centers, and the African American Leadership Forum.
While Ms.

Whitney-West will be truly missed at NorthPoint, I am sure that the

strong foundation she built will ensure NorthPoint's long-term success

and positive role in our community for generations to come.
Ms.

Whitney-West's leadership and dedication to public health is

invaluable--her life's work serving others has made Minneapolis a

healthier, more equitable place for all.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to honor and thank Stella

Whitney-West for her distinguished career and faithful service to our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FAIRNESS IN FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS MEDICAL CARE

ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Fairness in Federal

Bureau of Prisons Medical Care Act of 2024.
This bill would eliminate

the copay the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) imposes on individuals in

its custody when they visit a health care provider.
Under BOP rules, individuals in its custody are required to ``pay a

fee for health services of $2.00 per health care visit.''