It has been a trusted news source for the people of Madison

County for 125 years.
The idea for the newspaper originated with Berea College President

William G. Frost and at first it served as the school newspaper.
It

remained connected with Berea College until 1984, when it became a

private newspaper.
It was first delivered on Chestnut Street along a

dirt road.
The newspaper survived the Great Depression, two World Wars,

and a global pandemic, delivering local news to the community without

interruption.
The Berea Citizen staff recognizes that freedom of the press is

critical in our society.
They prioritize fair and balanced coverage of

local meetings and events.
The Berea Citizen reached more than 10,000

readers each week.
They are currently owned by Nolan Group Media from

Manchester, Kentucky.
Keith Taylor, the publisher, began in 2020 as the

pandemic was beginning.
The owner is Jay Nolan, and the Vice President

is Glenn Gray.
The Berea Citizen is one of the few locally owned

newspapers in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and it is printed in

Kentucky at J. Frank Publishing in London, Kentucky.
In an era when many community newspapers are declining and no longer

able to print news for the citizens, The Berea Citizen continues its

mission to be a voice in the community.
I congratulate them on their

125-year anniversary, and I am honored to recognize them before the

United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 9, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 10

10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold an oversight hearing to examine digital

commodities.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Shannon A.

Estenoz, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary of the

Interior.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the state and federal

response to the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapse on

March 26, 2024.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jeffrey

Samuel Arbeit, of the District of Columbia, Benjamin A.

Guider III, of Louisiana, and Cathy Fung, of

California, each to be a Judge of the United States Tax

Court.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Permitting

Council, focusing on improving transparency and

coordination.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine war crimes and complicity

from Syria to Ukraine.
RHOB-2247

2:15 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To received a closed briefing on the Columbia River

Treaty.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy

To hold hearings to examine the state of rural

infrastructure, focusing on emergency response,

recovery, and resilience.