Does the Secretary of State accept that grassroots sports can play a hugely important part in levelling up?
As part of Darwen’s £120 million town deal, we have invested in our football club, our cricket club and our skate park, and we are about to open a brand-new five-a-side pitch.
Will she talk with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to see what part her Department can play in ensuring that sport plays its proper part in enriching the cultural lives of people in areas with levelling-up bids?
My right hon.
Friend is a huge champion for his area and for the north in general.
He is absolutely right that sport, drama, creativity—all those things—level up an area.
I am very happy to talk to my right hon.
Friend in the Levelling Up Department to consider how we can continue, across Government, to support the north.
I have recently visited sports clubs in Honiton, including youth rugby, gymnastics and football.
They are all seeking support from the local authority, East Devon District Council, on the basis of its 2017 sports pitch strategy.
The Government’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme is very welcome, but does the Secretary of State consider it generous enough for youth sport, given that the co-benefits of sport for young people include a sense of camaraderie, good health and civic pride?
Our strategy is helping sport across the board, but I recognise in particular the importance of getting young people involved in sport.
We have invested around £1 billion in sport for young people, including £300 million for multi-sport pitches and £600 million in schools so that more children get the required two hours of physical education.
We are also investing across the board in youth services to get more young children active in constructive activities rather than in less appropriate ones.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud of our Government’s record in supporting the creative industries.
Figures published last week, which I am sure Opposition Members will welcome, show that our powerhouse creative industries grew by 6.8% in 2022, generating an enormous £124 billion for UK plc, putting us ahead of our ambition to grow those sectors by an extra £50 billion by 2030.
Of course, much of that depends on the amazing talent of Britain.
Many in the creative industries are benefiting from the Government’s targeted tax breaks, which are powering those industries.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need to support local initiatives to encourage more girls to get into—or back into—and remain in sport?
I myself enjoyed a long and prosperous rugby career playing in national league 1.
Will she join me in congratulating Somerton rugby football club on its new girls rugby “skills and social” nights?
More girls should have the opportunity to play sports that are traditionally the preserve of the boys.
That is why we are encouraging all schools to offer all sports to all their pupils, whatever their gender.
In addition, we are backing women’s football, with £30 million for 30 pitches across the country to which girls will have priority access.
It is absolutely right that we continue to encourage girls and women to take up more sport.
Gainsborough was once the capital of England under the incomparable Sweyn Forkbeard.
It is an historic market town with the Old Hall at its heart.
What plans do the Government have to preserve the character of historic market towns such as Gainsborough?