This week in the House, I raised with the Economic Secretary to the Treasury the fact that serious delays in His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs issuing A1 forms mean that touring musicians are waiting months to be paid.
A1 forms ensure that musicians do not have to pay additional tax when touring in the EU, but some musicians are waiting six to nine months, or even a year, for those forms.
One leading singer told me that musicians feel like “hostages” of HMRC incompetence, so what is the Secretary of State doing alongside Treasury Ministers to sort out this mess, which is hitting UK musicians so hard?
I recognise the importance of touring to many of our fantastic industries.
We have bilateral agreements with many other countries to ensure that touring can take place, but I will continue to ensure that as a Government, we take every step across the board to make sure that our musicians can tour appropriately.
What assessment has the Minister made of the BBC’s proposals to launch four new national music radio stations and to relaunch an existing station, Radio 5 Sports Extra?
To my mind, those proposals are a direct imitation of commercial broadcasters’ innovation, and the time and resource that the BBC is investing could be better spent in reversing the cuts to BBC local radio—a source of distinctive public service content that is not available anywhere else on the same medium.
My hon.
Friend is a stalwart of the radio scene.
I would like to pay tribute to the 40-year career of Steve Wright, another stalwart of BBC radio.
I have spoken to the director general about the launch of new radio services, and he is very aware of the strength of feeling in this House about the proposals for local radio.
The mid-term review says that the BBC should engage much more closely with the market ahead of the launch of any new stations, but Ofcom also has powers to make a judgment on these matters before any new station is launched.
Now that the Government have moved to repeal section 40 of the Crime and Courts Act 2013, there remains no legislative measure to convince print media to sign up to the state regulator, so how do the Government plan to finally give the state regulator the power to do its job, as called for by the National Union of Journalists?
I am very proud that we have a free press, and I think it is really important that we repeal section 40 to ensure there is not a chilling effect on our reporting.
Of course, since that was first proposed, we have had greater self-regulation, and I am sure the press will continue to ensure that they do their outstanding job in an appropriate fashion.
Can we recognise pickleball as a national sport, and will the sport Minister come to the Dunstable Hunters pickleball club, where he will see men, women, grandparents and grandchildren having a wonderful time?
How can I possibly resist such an invitation?
[Laughter.]
People are laughing, but this is becoming a more and more popular sport.
For me, anything that gets people active and enjoying sport can only be positive, so I am happy to come to see it in action.
On the annual sales limit on the People’s Postcode Lottery, the Minister says that he wants to have some evidence on why an additional increase is necessary.
Since the advent of the pandemic, funding and fundraising have come under increasing pressure, and that has led to charities in my constituency closing.
Saje Scotland, a domestic violence charity, was unable to access funding, so the evidence of the need is there for everyone to see.
Will he at least consider an additional uplift to the annual sales limit in the interim, so that charities can access meaningful funding and are not forced to close down because of a lack thereof?
I think it is important to put it on record that almost every other society lottery is nowhere near those limits, but I do recognise that it may be getting tight for some of the individual trusts in the People’s Postcode Lottery.
We have been speaking to the Gambling Commission to see what else it can do by using some of the other trusts at its disposal to increase that funding, but I take on board the points the hon.
Member made.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that individual sports clubs have a role to play in providing youth services?
In that respect, can I thank the Government for funding Lichfield sports club and Chasetown football club, which have both received grants for the work they do—grants that reach up to £2.5 million?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a fabulous champion for Lichfield, and I am pleased that young people in Lichfield are getting the benefit of Government funding.
The Government’s promise to protect music creators from the potential negative impacts of artificial intelligence relied on a deal between tech companies and the music industry.
However, it emerged earlier this month that those discussions have collapsed.
Will the Secretary of State admit that their plan has failed, and say what the Government are going to do about it to support the creative sector?
I wish Labour Members would actually read our White Paper on AI, because in that paper we recognise the importance of this issue and the importance of protecting the creative industries.
The White Paper sets out what we are doing about transparency, which is a key issue.
We are of course continuing to work with both sides of the industry—the AI tech giants and the creators—to ensure we come to an appropriate resolution of this issue.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Will the Minister please update us on the independent regulator, and can he quite literally get the ball rolling to get this Bill in front of the House?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty campaigner when it comes to the issue of football regulation, and it was good for me— She didn’t say that.
Do you know, I was told that the hon.
Gentleman is a difficult man to ignore, but it is always worth trying.
Try harder!
I am, don’t you worry.
Order.
Maybe you can carry on that conversation afterwards.
My hon.
Friend has done a lot of work in this area.
We are absolutely committed to introducing the recommendations of the White Paper, which we have published, and a Bill will be published shortly.
The chair of Girlguiding UK has recently informed me that with Government funding, Girlguiding can at least be sustained in three overseas military bases.
Will the Minister update me on his discussions to ensure that girls living on UK overseas military bases can continue to access Girlguiding?
I know the hon.
Lady has done a lot of work in this area, and we had a good Westminster Hall debate on this.
Girlguiding is an independent organisation, and must make its own organisational and directional decisions.
The Department is working closely with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the Ministry of Defence, Girlguiding, and representatives from overseas territories to see whether we can come up with a solution.
What are the Government doing to promote facilities for padel tennis?
We work closely with national governing bodies such as the Lawn Tennis Association.
It has done amazing work training 17,000 teachers across the country to teach tennis, padel tennis and so on.
I went to see it myself recently at the national centre—[Interruption.]
I am not doing very well here, I know that, but my hon.
Friend raises an important point, and I will continue to raise it with the national governing body in due course.
There have been a number of late postponements of football matches recently, causing massive inconvenience and putting many fans, including Barnsley football club fans, seriously out of pocket.
I have suggested to the English Football League that it adopts a postponement promise that would stop that from happening.
Will the Minister work with me on that?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, and I have heard that from fans in my constituency.
It is a decision for football, but I will be happy to raise the issue with the various leagues.
I recognise the impact that such postponements have on fans up and down the country.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the large number of inquiries that Ofcom has launched against GB News, for conducting itself in exactly the same fashion as other channels routinely do, is in danger of looking biased and political, and that Ofcom is in danger of putting itself in judicial review territory?
The Government and I are in favour of media plurality, and it is important that different channels express different views across our vast political landscape.
I am pleased that GB News has chosen to be regulated by Ofcom, and I know that Ofcom carries out its job appropriately.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— What support and protection is available for Members who have experienced threats and other forms of intimidation.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, I will read quite a long answer into the record.
It is essential that Members and their staff can perform their parliamentary duties safely and securely, both on and off the estate.
The Commission considers that to be of the highest importance.
Members should report immediate threats to the police on 999.
Members can report any other threats, whether online, on the street or in their constituency, to the parliamentary liaison and investigations team of police officers based on the estate.
The House administration recognise that threats and intimidation can impact MPs’ emotional health and wellbeing.
The parliamentary health and wellbeing service offers direct psychological support for Members, such as counselling and a confidential helpline, and assistance to family members who live with a Member of Parliament.
Occupational health experts in the team are always on hand to support Members who might be subject to threat.
While we do not discuss security measures on the Floor of the House, I confirm that the Parliamentary Security Department supports Members with a range of other processes, which are kept under continuous review.
I shall briefly cover those, Mr Speaker, and then come to a close.
It provides protection at Members’ homes and constituency offices, and can provide security operatives for constituency surgeries and Members’ other parliamentary duties off the estate.
It gives Members tailored advice for their individual circumstances.
That includes security and situational awareness training, which is available to all MPs, their families, and staff.
Members can access hands-on cyber-security advice for their personal mobile phones.
A team monitors social media and other open-source sites for threats to Parliament or Members.
As a member of the consultative panel on parliamentary security, this cause is close to my heart and I will continue to champion it as a member of the House of Commons Commission.
Some Members of the House will know that I had a death threat.
A gentleman was arrested and went into a mental institution.
When he was released, the House authorities and the Met police met me and said, “This gentleman is now out and he knows where you live.”
I listened very intently to what the hon.
Gentleman said, but that was the last I heard.
I am a person who watches where he walks and does not stand by the side of the platform on the tube.
I alter my way of coming into the House.
It is very stressful.
I have to say that in all that has been said by the hon.
Gentleman— I know that he believes it and is passionate about it—there does not feel like there is very much for those on the receiving end.