I am sorry, but the Government’s answer to the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee was a load of hot air that could have been written by ChatGPT, except ChatGPT would have done a better job of it.
The truth of the matter is that the Government’s flagship on AI as it relates to creative industries, which is meant to be protecting the moral and economic rights of artists, musicians, and authors, while at the same time recognising the important advances that AI can bring, has sunk.
Last June, the Secretary of State said that if the code of practice was not achieved, legislation could be considered.
So, in the words of Paul Simon, when is she going to make a new plan, Stan?
I would just point out that the Labour party has said absolutely nothing in relation to what it would do, so to stand up here and say that we have no plan is absolutely unacceptable.
I can be absolutely clear that we do have a plan.
We have worked very hard with the sectors.
We have already set out in our White Paper the steps that we are taking on a very important aspect in relation to transparency.
I will continue to work with the sector on all these areas to ensure that this extremely complex matter comes to a satisfactory conclusion for the creative industries.
For what reason charity lotteries have annual sale limits.
If she will take steps to remove annual sales limits on charity lotteries.
The limits for society lotteries allow them to raise funding for charities but to remain distinct from other forms of gambling and from the national lottery.
The limits were last increased recently, in 2020, but I am aware that some operators want to see the limits raised or removed entirely.
It is important that any decisions that are made are based on strong evidence.
As such, I have commissioned research in this area, which I hope we will review by the end of the year.
The People’s Postcode Lottery funds some brilliant organisations across Batley and Spen, including the fantastic Rainbow Baby Bank in Heckmondwike and the Game Changerz youth provision in Birstall.
However, the current sales limits prevent the People’s Postcode Lottery from giving away even more grants to worthy community organisations across the country, in all our constituencies.
Will the Minister therefore explain why casinos and bookies, for example, do not face a sales limit but charity lotteries, which are low risk and fund so many valuable local charities, face that barrier?
As I said at the reception that the People’s Postcode Lottery held the other night, it was my privilege to set up a society lottery when I worked in a hospice.
I recognise the value of such lotteries to charities, and I am aware of the issues that the PPL has raised.
I have worked with the Gambling Commission to suggest ways that it can grow under the current network, as it is the largest brand in the sector, but as I say, I want to see more research.
We need to understand what the potential harms are, and what the potential effects are on the national lottery.
There is not enough data at the moment.
That is why I am commissioning independent research, so that we can make decisions based on evidence.
Clearly, in my vast and far-flung constituency, it is difficult for charities to raise money, as Members can imagine.
To date, some £432,000 in  community grants has been awarded to those charities.
That is very welcome indeed.
The Minister mentioned that consideration will be given to raising limits, or perhaps abolishing them altogether.
May I make an impassioned plea that the particular circumstances of remote parts of the UK are considered when the decisions are made?
I recognise the vast contribution that these lotteries make to charities, particularly those that work in rural areas.
Of course, we will make sure that we take evidence on all those issues.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman would agree that we want to make sure that we are developing policy based on evidence, but that does not detract from our recognition of the enormous work that these lotteries do, and we are incredibly grateful to them.
What recent progress she has made on implementing her Department’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
The Government have committed over £325 million to multi-sport grassroots sites across the whole of the UK.
This is part of our mission to ensure that every community has the pitches and facilities it needs.
So far, 2,300 sites have been supported.
That includes funding for grass pitch maintenance at Waveney football club in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, creating many more opportunities for people of all backgrounds to get active.
The development of multi-sport grassroots facilities is very often led by one sport, which then faces a variety of obstacles in getting other sports authorities to participate in a particular project.
What steps is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking to remove those barriers, and to promote collaboration between different sports authorities so that much-needed facilities can be built?