Two remarkably talented and enthusiastic individuals from Kettering, Beccy Hurrell and Lindsey Atkins, have put together a really ambitious £2 million bid to repurpose the former Gala Bingo hall in Kettering High Street, changing it into a community arts, music and family hub, which will be transformative for Kettering  town centre.
Expressions of interest in the Department’s cultural development fund must be submitted by  15 March .
Is there no way that I, Beccy, Lindsey and the council can meet the relevant Minister before  15 March  to see whether our bid might be appropriate?
I congratulate the two women who are putting forward such an exciting and interesting bid for that important building on Kettering High Street.
In preparing to answer my hon.
Friend’s question, I looked at a potted history of Kettering’s bingo hall and I appreciate the important role it has to play in regenerating the town.
I spoke to my noble Friend Lord Parkinson, as his ministerial brief covers this topic.
He is happy to meet and look into the issue, but there is a question about the appropriate timing for that meeting.
I noted the recent debate about levelling up.
I hope the bid will be successful, but I am afraid I cannot influence that.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the closure of leisure centres on the community in North Shropshire constituency.
Leisure centres provide important community hubs, connect individuals within areas in which they live and help to deliver important social and mental health outcomes.
In recognition of this and of public leisure, we have provided £60 million to swimming pools across England.
Whitchurch swimming pool in my constituency closed in March 2020.
Thankfully, there will be spades in the ground to reopen it in the coming years, but the council announced last week that swimming pools and leisure centres are at the top of its list for significant budget cuts in the coming year.
Given the lack of public transport, I am concerned that young people will not be able to learn to swim and the wider community will lose access to the healthy lifestyle that leisure centres offer.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we ensure people in such a stretched out, rural area will be able to access leisure centres going forward?
We provided that funding for swimming pools precisely because we recognised the particular challenges they faced given high energy bills.
More broadly, we are providing over £300 million of support for facilities up and down the country, including rural areas.
That will help us to get more people active, which is a key strand of our Get Active sports strategy.
Would my right hon.
Friend the Minister be willing to meet me to discuss the challenges faced by leisure centres in local authority areas facing budgetary pressures, such as Shropshire?
He mentioned the swimming pool fund, but there might be other opportunities to sustain these vital resources for local people, including those in Shropshire.
It sounds as if I need to have a cross-Shropshire meeting to discuss facilities in that area.
We have been clear about the funding provided for  swimming pools.
As part of our strategy and determination to get more people active, we will be doing a piece of work to understand the location of black spots where we need to do more to provide more facilities and what those facilities should be to address local needs.
What steps her Department is taking to help support charities with increases in the cost of living.
The Government have invested millions of pounds to support charities across England with the cost of living pressures, including the £76 million community organisations cost of living fund, which has now awarded all funding to frontline services helping vulnerable households.
Charities across my constituency in Blaydon do an amazing job in supporting people and communities in what are really difficult times.
Today, a triple threat of rising costs, falling income and higher demand has created what the National Council for Voluntary Organisations has called a cost of giving crisis, with half of all charities saying they are at full capacity and some having to turn people away.
What further steps can the Government take to ensure charities can continue with their vital work?
Having been a head of fundraising for a charity, I recognise the position charities face when donations fall at the minute they need to help more people.
That is why we have provided £100 million in funding and added another £76 million from dormant assets to help charities in that difficult situation.