That guidance is being updated, so I can reassure my hon.
Friend on that point.
He is right that clergy will always rightly tell everyone they come across about the love of Jesus, but clergy do not determine asylum claims.
Of course, priests are expected to uphold the law and make truthful representations of character.
I hope that reassures him.
I also note that in the recent Times investigation of 28 cases heard by the upper tribunal where a claimant cited conversion to Christianity as a reason to be granted asylum, only seven were approved, 13 were dismissed, and new hearings were ordered in eight other cases.
My hon.
Friend will have heard the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  at Prime Minister’s questions.
The problem is, this brings the Church of England into disrepute.
It implies that some vicars are naive, foolish and innocent.
It is important for the credibility of the Church of England that training is more robust and that well-meaning folk do not endanger our society.
I hear very clearly what my hon.
Friend says.
I know that he, like me, takes seriously the reputation of the Church of England.
He cares a great deal about it, and I am grateful to him for that.
I repeat the answer I gave my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kettering (Mr Hollobone) : priests are required to use discernment, to recognise that there might be mixed motives, and always to put forward truthful representations of character.
I heard the words of my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  as well.
When there is plenty wrong and plenty to complain about, it is not always the case that we should blame the established Church, is it?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend.
Any institution run by humans will never be perfect, but he is right that the Church of England was unfairly accused of being involved in some cases, when it had no involvement at all.
What recent progress has been made on implementing the decisions taken by the General Synod in February 2023 relating to clergy in same-sex relationships.
In February 2023, the General Synod passed a motion to welcome the decision by the House of Bishops to replace a document called “Issues in Human Sexuality”.
The House of Bishops has published pastoral guidance that partially replaces that document.
It is working on further pastoral guidance that would allow the document to be replaced entirely.
Papers going to tomorrow’s General Synod once again recommend backtracking on the agreements made, not just in February but in the autumn General Synod, regarding same-sex blessings and the rules governing priests in same-sex relationships.
That is totally unacceptable.
Yesterday’s report by Professor Alexis Jay on safeguarding in the Church of England was excoriating.
It pointed to serial failures, and recommended setting up a completely independent body, the Church being stripped of its responsibilities, and those being handed to an independent regulator.
It pains me to say this, but does the hon.
Gentleman agree that dealing with both those very important historical challenges for the Church appears to be beyond the capacity and will of its current leadership, and that perhaps our established Church might benefit from a fresh start at the top?
The right hon.
Gentleman takes these issues very seriously and has a long involvement with the Church of England.
Starting with the second issue, the Church commissioned Professor Jay’s report.
The Church gets the seriousness of these issues, and it will consider very seriously how to respond.
The archbishops have described her report as a “vital next step”.
We are not in denial, and we will put things right.
The right hon.
Gentleman also knows very well how the General Synod of the Church of England works; it is a sovereign body.
It meets again this weekend.
Reconciling different viewpoints so that we can walk together is not easy, but we are committed to that.
I know that his words will have been heard and noted by members of the General Synod in advance of its debate.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— If the Commission will take steps to increase the use of digital tools in parliamentary services to support the productivity of Members.
The Parliamentary Digital Service supports the Commission by delivering technology for Members, and tools are under constant development.
A range of productivity tools are already available to Members and their staff from Microsoft via the Parliamentary Digital Service.
They include Microsoft Forms, which helps with tasks such as collating constituents’ information.
Microsoft Planner can track workstreams in an MP’s office and is used by some offices to induct new staff.
“Bookings with me” can arrange one-to-one time with external guests, such constituents.
PDS independently investigates and works with Parliament’s suppliers to explore new technologies that could benefit MPs in their work.
The team welcomes volunteers from the Member community to pilot such services ahead of full roll-out.
As the Chair of the Administration Committee, I would be happy to arrange for the hon.
Lady to meet any relevant officials.
Like most Members, I receive hundreds of invitations every week, and much more spam.
It takes a member of my team hours—sometimes days—to go  through them all.
That is time that could be much better spent supporting constituents, particularly in a cost of living crisis.
There are digital tools that can help with that; none that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned will do so.
Microsoft recently demoed its Copilot tool, which uses artificial intelligence.
Other tools are available.
While there may be issues of privacy, security and bias with such tools, as with much AI, can he confirm that the Commission is looking specifically at AI tools to help us in our work for our constituents?
I can.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: there are security issues that need to be looked at closely, but I have an answer, specially prepared.
Copilot is Microsoft’s version of ChatGPT, a generative artificial intelligence service.
Now, this is the relevant bit: PDS has arranged a series of internal workshops with Parliament’s Microsoft partner to allow PDS staff to explore how this technology could be used in the parliamentary network.
The outcomes of those workshops will feed into Parliament’s overall AI strategy—I am nearly there, Mr Speaker.
I speak as the proud owner of a Nokia.
The recent and rapid development in artificial intelligence, especially generative AI, presents exciting opportunities.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church is taking to support Anglican churches in countries listed in the World Watch List 2024.
Through the sister Churches of our communion and our linked missionary societies, the Church of England   continues to provide both prayerful support and practical assistance to all parts of the Anglican communion where freedom of religion or belief is threatened or impaired.
The Church works with our Government, other Governments around the world, and multilateral bodies such as the United Nations to advocate forcefully for freedom of religion or belief.
Following the implementation of much of the groundbreaking Truro review, the UK is now seen as a global leader on religious freedom.
However, sadly, persecution is exponentially increasing across the world, so we need to embed that work.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, like Governments, religious leaders need to commit to strategic thinking, structural change and the provision of additional resources if together we are to effectively tackle this global scourge?
Indeed I do.
On embedding that work, it is good news that my hon.
Friend’s International Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill had a successful Second Reading in this House on  26 January , and that it goes to Committee in April.
I am glad that the Bill is strongly supported by the Foreign Secretary, and that the Bishop of Winchester has offered to take it forward in the other place; of course, he was the person who wrote the original report.
However, my hon.
Friend’s challenge is fair.
As our Government step up on this global challenge, the Church of England and the Anglican communion need to as well.
I will pass her remarks back to Lambeth Palace.
That completes the questions, but I would like to answer Sir Charles.
The security of all Members really matters.
It is taken very seriously in this House.
Work is ongoing, and I am having serious conversations about what we do going forward.
I can tell you that we have some of the best people working on it, and I would like to thank them for what they do.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on financial redress for sub-postmasters and outstanding issues relating to the Post Office Horizon scandal.
As a Back Bencher, I first spoke on the matter of compensation for victims in March 2020, which is obviously long after the right hon.
Gentleman first campaigned for it.
I pay tribute to his campaigning on this subject, which remains undiminished.
My appetite for compensation for postmasters is equally undiminished, although I accept the need to increase the pace of delivery.
As of this month, £160 million has been paid in financial redress to more than 2,700 victims affected by the Horizon scandal.
More than 78% of eligible full claims received have been settled as follows: 102 convictions have been overturned, and 42 full claims have been submitted, of which 32 have been settled; 2,793 applications to the Horizon shortfall scheme have been received, and 2,197 have been settled; 58 full claims have been submitted to the group litigation order scheme, and 41 have been settled.
Our top priority remains ensuring that victims can access swift and fair compensation.
We have introduced optional fixed-sum awards of £600,000 for victims with overturned convictions and of £75,000 for group litigation order members as a swift means of settlement, and 100% of original applicants to the Horizon shortfall scheme have received offers of compensation.
Today we are discussing what other measures can be taken to speed up compensation with the Horizon compensation advisory board, on which the right hon.
Gentleman sits.
Since the Prime Minister’s announcement on  10 January , officials in the Department for Business and Trade and the Ministry of Justice have been working at pace to progress legislation for overturning convictions related to the Post Office’s prosecutorial behaviour and Horizon evidence.
I will provide a further update to the House very soon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question.
I draw the attention of the House to my interest as a member of the Horizon compensation advisory board.
I like the Minister.
He campaigned on this issue before he was a Minister, and he has been a very good Minister, but a lot of that good work was undone on Monday by the performance of the Secretary of State for Business and Trade.
I am disappointed that he has not taken the opportunity today to talk about the overturned convictions.
I understand that later today, at 12 o’clock, there will be a written ministerial statement on the subject.
I do not think that is the way to do it, as the House needs an opportunity to discuss the overturned convictions.
I will ask the Minister a few questions.
It is quite clear now that Nick Read, the Post Office chief executive, wrote to the Lord Chancellor basically opposing the overturning of all convictions, saying that up to 300 people were “guilty”.
It is not yet clear who instructed him to do that.
On Monday, the Secretary of State said it was done off his own bat.
I would like to hear what the Minister has to say on that.
If there are to be overturned convictions, they cannot just be about Horizon; they should also be about Capture.
Evidence that I have put to the public inquiry and sent to the Minister yesterday clearly indicates that the scandal predates Horizon.
Those affected need to be included in both the compensation scheme and among those with overturned convictions.
The board is meeting this afternoon, and we have made recommendations to the Minister on how to simplify and speed up the compensation scheme.
Will he give an assurance to the House that once the recommendations are agreed, we can announce them quite quickly, primarily to restore to the sub-postmasters some faith, which was wrecked by the performance of the Secretary of State on Monday?
If the Minister’s written ministerial statement at 12 o’clock is about overturning convictions, will he give a commitment to come back to the House on Monday to give an oral statement, so that the House can interrogate him and discuss that issue?