The Minister has given us a list of percentages and so on, but it is still not fast enough.
It is still not good enough, and one of the reasons is that Post Office Ltd is still not trusted; people want nothing to do with it.
I cannot fix that, but I do not think that the spat between the Secretary of State and Henry Staunton this week did anything to increase sub-postmasters’ confidence, and we really need to get this sorted.
Yes, the Horizon shortfall scheme has been well managed in some regards, and claims are going through and being paid, but how much is being paid?
So many sub-postmasters are getting derisory offers—not just people in the GLO scheme, but normal, everyday sub-postmasters who have been putting in money for years.
We need to get this sorted.
I appeal to all sub-postmasters affected to put in a claim.
I entirely agree with the hon.
Lady on that point and on a number of other points she raised, and I thank her again for the work she has done in this area for many years.
I, too, am concerned about some of the information that came to light this week, and the public inquiry is there to examine any allegations relating to who knew what and when.
It would be wrong of us to duplicate the inquiry’s efforts, because it is a public inquiry that has the powers to summon witnesses to give evidence and to carry out other forms of evidence gathering, which is the right way to do this.
I agree with the hon.
Lady that compensation cannot come fast enough and that Post Office Ltd has to rebuild trust not just with the wider public; key to this are the postmasters.
Yes, of course we want to make sure that people get fair compensation.
May I point gently to the performance so far of the group litigation order scheme?
Fifty-eight full claims have been received, 48 offers have been made and 41 have been accepted without going to the next level, which is the independent panel.
That tends to indicate that those offers are fair, because people have recourse to the appeal process.
I am aware of one or two high-profile cases where people say they have not been offered a fair amount.
I cannot talk about individual cases, but we urge any of those individuals to go to the next stage of the process, which is the independent panel.
The whole scheme is overseen by Sir Ross Cranston, who has a very good reputation both in this House and further afield.
We absolutely believe that the process will offer fair compensation, but we urge people to return to the table and ensure that their claim is properly considered by all means available.