We are keen to get compensation to victims as soon as possible.
We are somewhat at the mercy of claims, and we cannot offer compensation if claims do not come in.
Like others, I am very keen for people to come forward to submit a claim.
One of the reasons why we put forward the fixed-sum awards of £600,000 for overturned convictions and £75,000 for members of the GLO scheme is to try to accelerate the payment of compensation, which contradicts the claim that people are trying to slow things down.
I am meeting the Horizon compensation advisory board this afternoon to look at its recommendations for accelerating compensation.
We have taken nothing off the table, and I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that the House recently voted to extend the compensation deadline from  4 August , on the recommendation of Sir Wyn Williams, because we do not want people to be timed out of compensation.
The maximum budget for compensation has, thus far, been set at £1 billion.
One of the issues we are trying to resolve urgently is the fact that people are reluctant to come forward to have their convictions overturned by the Court of Appeal, which is one of the reasons why we have not compensated enough people with convictions.
We cannot compensate them until we overturn their convictions, which is exactly why we have proposed the legislation.
Once we have done that, the door will be opened for compensation to flow freely.
That is exactly what the right hon.
Gentleman and I want to see.
There has never been any confusion in our mind about the need to deliver this quickly.
I have focused on that every single day, both since I have been in office and before.
I have never been resisted by anyone in my Department or in other parts of Government.
There may be confusion, but I promise that there has been no confusion in Government.
I add my thanks to the Minister for his work in helping me to advise my constituents who have come forward asking many questions about the situation that they found themselves in.
I am very pleased that the Government are working to compensate postmasters who were convicted in a court of law, but there are many individuals who worked for the Post Office and faced disciplinary  proceedings who did not end up in court.
However, their professional reputations were trashed, they had no ability to find jobs when they were dismissed, and they were significantly out of pocket.
The Post Office must know whom it disciplined; it must have records through the disciplinary procedure.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Post Office has taken to contact those individuals so that they can get the compensation that they rightly deserve?