The problem for many sub-postmasters and sub-postmistresses is the quantification of what they are due to be repaid under the shortfall scheme, because payments were made out of their own pocket on several occasions over a long period.
It is difficult in those circumstances for the claimants to know that they have been properly compensated, because the Post Office cannot tell them how much it should be repaying.
To take a step back, is it not apparent that we cannot continue to leave the Post Office to mark its own homework and that the independent elements of scrutiny need to be strengthened?
Somebody independent of Government and the Post Office must be put in charge of not just sorting this out, but doing so at speed.
I agree with the right hon.
Member’s points, and he is right that quantification is very difficult.
These situations are complex.
It is about not just financial loss, but the personal impact, including the impact on mental health, physical health, reputation—all those things.
In those situations, we should give the claimant the benefit of the doubt where this cannot be evidenced.
In many cases, the records are no longer available.
We have independent people in all parts of the process.
Members of the Horizon shortfall scheme include eminent KCs, such as Lord Garnier from the other place.
We have Sir Ross Cranston overseeing the GLO scheme, and in the overturned convictions scheme, we have Sir Gary Hickinbottom—they are eminent retired High Court judges.
I have great faith in their holding our feet to the fire and getting the right quantum of compensation to the right people at the right time.
Indeed, the Horizon compensation advisory board, with  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  and Lord Arbuthnot, is also holding our feet to the fire, making sure that we do the right thing and deliver the right amounts of compensation.
I will meet it again later today.
I know that the Minister means well and that he also understands that my affected constituents have had enough of being told that the Government are working hard to get them the justice they deserve and promises of swift compensation.
One of my constituent’s claims was submitted in October.
She heard the Minister say in January that all claims would have offers within 40 days, but she still has not had an offer.
She is right to conclude that the allegations of delaying payments to benefit the Treasury are true, is she not?
I am sorry that the hon.
Member has taken that tone, but that is not true.
As I set out, I think Henry Staunton has got this completely wrong.
It is not the case, and there has never been any situation while I have been in this role—my predecessors have said the same—where we have tried to delay compensation.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me, I am very happy to look at an individual case.
Our commitment on the GLO scheme is that once we have received a full claim, we will respond to 90% of cases within 40 days.
Some cases are more complex, but I am very happy to look at her specific case, as I have for other Members when people have contacted us directly.
I am very keen to make sure that we get a resolution to her constituent’s case as quickly as possible.
I congratulate the Minister on his tenacity in relation to this issue.
When does he expect the inquiry to be completed?
It seems that Fujitsu is hiding behind that inquiry and is unwilling to commit itself to compensating the taxpayer for the compensation the taxpayer will be paying.