Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and praise an extraordinary American, Stanford Women's Basketball Coach, aka `T Dawg', Tara VanDerveer.
On January 21, 2024, she won her 1,203rd game, setting an all-time record for the most coaching wins in the history of college basketball.
She achieved this in 45 seasons and has led her team to three N.C.A.A. champIonship victories.
Tara VanDerveer is the daughter of Dunbar and Rita VanDerveer and was born in Boston in 1953.
She didn't play basketball at her first high school, but she played when she transferred to Buffalo Seminary in her junior year.
She attended Albany University where she played as a freshman, then transferred to Indiana University, Bloomington where her team reached the AIAW Final Four.
After college, Tara took an unpaid assistant coaching position at Ohio State where she quickly ascended to Assistant Coach and Head JV Coach.
She then became Head Coach at the University.
She returned to Ohio State as Head Coach for the 1980-1981 season and left to become Stanford's Head Coach in 1985.
Her record at Stanford was 275 by her third year, and her team earned a bid to the N.C.A.A. tournament in 1988 and has done so every year since.
In 1989 Stanford won the Pac-10 regular season and in 1990 reached the Final Four.
Tara took a one-year leave from Stanford to coach the U.S. Olympic team, winning the Gold at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.
Tara is loved by her players and is known for her fairness and her moderate temperament.
Her rules for leadership success include having a vision for her team, maximizing each player's strengths, and minimizing their weaknesses.
She wants her players and staff to complement her, not compliment her, and she always remembers her father's advice that you `can't win the Kentucky Derby on a donkey.'
She is a good listener and a constant learner who credits her parents for teaching her the most about leadership.
Tara VanDerveer and the Stanford Women's Basketball team have brought entertainment and joy to legions of fans.
Home game nights are sacrosanct for the team's devotees.
They won't miss a game for anything.
The fans know how much Tara deserves the almost fifty Coach