on advocating for veterans, especially for Blue Water Navy veterans like him who suffered from similar service-connected health complications.
Shockingly, the U.S. Veterans Administration in the early 2000's refused to grant ``presumptive eligibility'' for agent orange exposure health illness for veterans of AMERICA'S sea services.
The VA's ``foot on the ground'' rule granted such coverage for Army and Marine Corps ground troops creating an outrageous disparity and discrimination against Navy and Coast Guard veterans of the Vietnam War.
It took 17 years of constant advocacy to finally get Congress to pass a new law correcting this injustice.
Paul's personal experience with the lasting impact of exposure served to enhance his advocacy ability, giving him a unique understanding of the hardship endured by many Vietnam era veterans.
It was an honor for me as his congressman to help achieve this hard-fought legislative victory as an original cosponsor of this measure.
When he was appointed as the Northeast Regional Vice President of the National Association for Uniformed Services (NAUS), he worked on behalf After his retirement from the Navy, Paul joined Sonalyst Inc.
By 1983, he started at Northeast Utilities as a telecommunication manager at Millstone Nuclear Power Station, retiring from his second career in 1997.
One year after his second retirement, Paul started at the Retired Activities Office (RAO) at NSB New London where he remains today.
Paul's sense of modesty and obligation to the Connecticut veteran community has been evidenced through his numerous volunteer commitments.
In addition to his work at the RAO, he participates in events to honor the veterans of the district, such as when he lays wreaths on graves of veterans at the Jordan Cemetery in Waterford as part.
Moreover, he served the Co-Chairman of Kaps for Kids in Groton.
With Kaps for Kids, he visits sick children, brightening their days, at a local hospital each Veteran's Day.
His attentiveness to those experiencing adversity is heartening and inspiring.
I am honored and privileged to know Paul Dillon on a personal level.
Paul has been an irreplaceable asset as a member of my Veterans Advisory Council.
His wisdom surrounding veterans issues is extremely useful, it is a pleasure to receive his guidance.
He is a dear friend veteran affairs.