Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marian MacFarland, a remarkable constituent from my district who is about to celebrate her 100th birthday.
Marian was born on February 13, 1924, in Eldred, Pennsylvania, moved to Feasterville, and now resides in Newtown, Bucks County.
Marian Edgar graduated from Eldred High School, in Eldred, PA.
She moved to Philadelphia, PA working at a Munitions Plant where she met John Russell MacFarland.
Russ worked at the Naval Yard as the Chief Petty Officer in charge of repairs and re-outfitting the Naval ships.
Marian and Russ were married on January 17, 1948, after he came home from World War II.
Marian and Russ moved to the suburbs in 1952, building their dream home together in Feasterville, PA.
Marian worked for Strawbridge's department store in Philadelphia before starting a family.
She and Russ are blessed with two sons, John and David, and one daughter, Jean Marie.
She also has six grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren.
She is immensely proud of the many family ``get togethers'' at her home where the main course was always chips and dip served with tuna hoagies.
Marian made her move to Buckingham Valley Rehabilitation Center with ease, making new friends as she shared her joys of life.
She still enjoys gardening, working in the yard, trimming her plants, and attending to her flowers daily.
Marian loves dancing, and she insists that it is what kept her in such great shape all these years.
She loves her pet therapy visits and a nighttime snack with her roommate.
Everyone who knows Marian would agree that her sweet tooth is her top priority.
Marian has an enthusiastic sense of humor and imagination.
She loves to reminisce with her daughter Jean and son-in law, Bill about life's great memories, while her son David always comes for nightly visits.
Marian has created lasting memories that affect every person she has encountered thus far in her life, and it is my fervent hope that she continues her positive impact on our community, district, and country.