I listened carefully to the Minister’s response, and I noted that she did not mention the National Infrastructure Council’s report, commissioned by the Government a year ago, which stated that an extra 190,000 homes were at risk of flooding—not because of climate change, but because of the Government’s failure to maintain existing flood defence assets.
When the Government cannot even get the basics right, how can anyone possibly trust them to have the answers to the ever-increasing flood risk that our country faces?
That is exactly the Environment Agency’s duty, and it works very hard on the asset management side of our flood assets, which are a very large proportion of our £5.2 billion fund.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the steps taken by her Department to prevent sewage discharges.
We have gone further and faster than any Government in history to drive down sewage discharges.
Last month we published our £60 billion plan, which sets stringent targets to reduce sewage discharges.
Those targets will prioritise action at target sites.
What did Labour do?
It did nothing when it was in power.
Water companies need stable finances to make improvements.
In December 2022, Ofwat outlined concerns about the financial resilience of several water companies.
What has the Minister done to mitigate the risks, and what will she be doing in future?
The Ofwat report on sewage discharges, published in September, was extremely disappointing.
I have written to all the water companies that were highlighted as lagging, and I have written to all the  CEOs to say that I want to meet them in person.
I have also written to the CEO and chair of Ofwat to ask how they will hold these water companies to account.
This Government introduced monitoring, so we now know the state of the problem.
The water companies are now engaging and Ofwat has powers to put financial pressure on them.
Given that only 4% of sewage overflows in Scotland are monitored, does this not show that we are progressing it in the right way and that the nationalisation of water companies is not the way to go?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
What recent assessment she has made of the impact of inflation on the affordability of food.
In September 2023, the consumer price index was at 12.2%, down from 14.8% in July.
Industry analysis expects that food price inflation will continue to decrease over the remainder of 2023.
The Government are providing an average of £3,300 per household to support them with the cost of living this year and next.
The West Lothian food bank in my Livingston constituency does an incredible job, just like food banks across the UK, but the reality is that it should not even have to exist.
Folk are struggling more than ever, which is why the SNP has called on the UK Government to control supermarket price gouging, amid record profiteering, by introducing a price cap on staples such as bread and milk.
Will the Minister help all our constituents by getting on with doing that?
If the hon.
Lady compares the price of a shopping basket around Europe with the price here in the UK, she will see that the free market is doing a lot of work to suppress food inflation.
We have a cheaper food basket than they have in France and Germany.
She is, in effect, advocating communism.
She should look at how that works around the world.
Controlling those markets does not work.