“Broadcasters should have regard to the list of proscribed terror groups or organisations in the UK”, which is incredibly important.
It is also critical that reporters, sometimes stationed in very stressful environments, report facts as facts and that those things that are not facts—things that have not been verified or are lines to take from terrorist organisations—should not be treated as facts.
The BBC does focus on these things to a very large degree, but we know that sometimes it does not get things right, as we saw recently with its code of conduct surrounding the Gary Lineker situation.
I am sure that it will want to kick the tyres on this and ensure that anyone listening to a BBC outlet is being given the best possible information.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I echo what has been said this morning about the terrible conflict in Israel and Palestine and repeat what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  said: peace is now more difficult than war, so the global community has to come together and press for peace.
Many of my constituents have written to me in dismay about seasonal variations in train fares.
For example, during recess, Great Western was charging £46 for a peak return from Bath to London on  17 November .
For the same journey on  30 November , the cost has shot up to £94—more than double.
May we have a statement from the rail Minister on why such large variations in prices are allowed and what the Government can do to make train prices more transparent?
The hon.
Lady raises a concerning matter that will make life difficult for her constituents, who are trying to budget and anticipate their outgoings.
I will certainly ensure that the Transport Secretary has heard her concerns, and I will ask that his Department advise her on what action she can take.
The Grimsby Telegraph is carrying a report of a local man who, for the last 25 years, has been collecting fly-tipped rubbish from various sites around the town.
After 25 years, he has now been told that he needs a licence to take the rubbish to the tip.
That is just one example of so many petty regulations that discourage community-minded people from assisting in the local area.
Could we have a debate so that Members from across the House can identify those petty regulations and sweep them away?