Order.
I presume that the hon.
Gentleman informed  the hon.
Member for Perth and North Perthshire (Pete Wishart)  of his question?
Yes I did, Madam Deputy Speaker, and he responded to thank me.
It is useful for me to know that you have done that.
When a Government announce that they have identified a problem facing the public and simultaneously announce that they have identified the only possible solution, I am always a little sceptical.
Twenty years ago, the Labour Government announced that diesel vehicles were best for the environment; today, as we know, they are vilified and effectively being taxed off the road.
We are now told that electric vehicles are our only salvation, despite growing concerns about their safety and real questions about the true environmental cost of manufacturing and disposing of their lithium batteries.
May we have a debate on the costs and benefits of electric vehicles?
The hon.
Gentleman will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way.
He has recently applied for debates and I think he has a debate on another topic later this week.
The House is always happy to facilitate that.
He is absolutely right: we want to ensure that information is taken from a wide range of sources.
Historically, there have been scandals; we had the EU emissions scandal related to diesel vehicles.
It is very important that information is out there and people can scrutinise it.
I encourage all Members to make use of the House of Commons Library, which is a tremendous repository of information, but also to take their information from a wide variety of sources.
It is understandable that, after suffering the worst terrorist atrocity in its history and the largest loss of Jewish life since the holocaust, the state of Israel will now seek to eliminate the threat of Hamas and all the other terrorist organisations.
Mr Speaker enabled a statement on Monday and then an urgent question.
Rather than a statement, would it not be better for the House to have a debate, in Government time and on a Government motion, so that it can express its support for the state of Israel and we can come to a ready conclusion to send a strong signal?
Does the Leader of the House agree that there can be no equivalence between the Hamas terrorists, who kill, maim and torture civilians and try to eliminate as many Jews as they possibly can, and the Israel Defence Forces, which seeks to target terrorists and minimise civilian casualties?