I join the Solicitor General in welcoming Nick Ephgrave as he takes on one of the most difficult jobs in law enforcement.
His arrival in post was announced by the SFO abandoning the three long-running and expensive prosecutions of Rio Tinto, Eurasian Natural Resources, and the Alpha and Green Park group.
That follows a chain of failed cases, from G4S and Serco to Unaoil.
With permanent staff vacancies of around 25%, and a case load that has fallen by half in recent years, why should the new director think that this lame duck Government will make the SFO a hawk in the world of financial crime?
I will ignore the snide comment at the end but I will address the substance of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, which he is right to ask.
It is also right to say that it is always disappointing when cases are closed, but criminal investigations that no longer meet the public interest test, as he well knows, simply cannot continue.
That is the code that Crown prosecutors take, and he will understand why that is the case.
It is right to trumpet the SFO’s achievements; it is also right to challenge it.
I know that staff recruitment and retention will be one of the priorities for the new director.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Question Time, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said that air quality in our country was improving.
There is no evidence for that statement and, although I do not believe that she meant to, she misled the House.
If there is no evidence, we will never know whether she did or did not.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  23 October  is as follows: Monday 23 October —Second Reading of the Renters (Reform) Bill.
Tuesday 24 October —Motion to approve the draft Criminal Justice Act 2003 (Removal of Prisoners for Deportation) Order 2023, followed by consideration of a Lords message to the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, followed by a debate on the fourth report of the Procedure Committee, on correcting the record.
Wednesday 25 October —Consideration of a Lords message to the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Non-Domestic Rating Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Procurement Bill
[Lords], followed by, if necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Energy Bill
[Lords], followed by Report stage of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters)
Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of any further Lords messages.
Thursday 26 October —If necessary, consideration of Lords messages, followed by a general debate on menopause.
The subject for this debate has been determined by the Backbench Business Committee, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords messages.
Friday 27 October —The House will not be sitting.
The House will be prorogued when Royal Assent to all Acts has been signified.
May I first take a moment to remember our former colleague Sir David Amess, who was brutally murdered two years ago while carrying out his duties?
His memory and legacy still shine brightly.
As we continue to witness the horror of the events unfolding in Israel and Gaza, and the emotions that they raise here at home, Hate Crime Awareness Week is a timely reminder that we stand united against hate.
The whole House speaks with one voice against antisemitism and Islamophobia.
As Members, we know that events in the middle east are directly and indirectly impacting on our constituents.
We stand in solidarity.
We condemn unequivocally the heartless terrorist actions of Hamas.
Israel has the right to defend itself, rescue hostages and protect its borders.
International law must be upheld at all times.
The lives of innocent civilians must be safeguarded, and every possible assistance must be made available to those who need help.
There must be immediate humanitarian access to Gaza for aid, food, water, medicines, fuel and electricity.
We welcome developments today, but it is urgent and it needs to be sustained.
Hamas are not the Palestinian people, and the Palestinian people are not Hamas.
We will continue to be strong advocates for justice, human rights and international law, and to keep alive the  prospect of peace based on a two-state solution.
Will the Prime Minister update the House following his visit this week?
I am afraid that I return again to a running theme: the disrespect and disregard that the Government have for Parliament.
Mr Speaker, I know that we were both appalled that the Prime Minister chose the very first day of recess to announce a major shift in Government net zero policy from Downing Street, while the Leader of the House sat in the front row and cheered.
It is no wonder he was ducking parliamentary scrutiny, with his fiction of seven bins and meat taxes, and his substance was met with alarm by industry and investors.
It is not a one-off but a pattern, no matter how many times you pull them up on it, Mr Speaker.
Again this week the Justice Secretary announced first to the press that he is abolishing short prison sentences—something the ministerial code forbids.
And of course, we have had the great northern train robbery, denied for weeks and finally announced at Conservative party conference.
Despite MPs having spent 1,300 hours of legislative time on High Speed 2 Bills, we have had no say on it.
Only this Prime Minister could cancel major rail infrastructure to Manchester while in Manchester.
This shoddy back-of-the-fag-packet new transport plan, affecting many constituencies, has not withstood exposure to reality.
Most of the “new” schemes were already announced, previously cancelled or completed years ago.
Others are simply illustrative.
Euston station remains a pipe dream, and Network North now reaches Cornwall.
It turns out that spreadsheet guy cannot even read a spreadsheet.
It is not so much a relaunch as a crash landing—in a private jet, of course.
The contempt that this Government have for Parliament is a disgrace, and we have a Leader of the House who claps along.
Parliament needs answers.
What will now happen to the HS2 hybrid Bill, which is necessary to deliver the central section of Northern Powerhouse Rail and safeguard the land for it?
When and how was the decision to scrap it made?
The Secretary of State for Transport is under the illusion that he made it the day before—pull the other one!—yet the video shared from their party conference was clearly made days earlier in Downing Street.
When was this taken, and should a party conference video be made in Downing Street at all?
There is another pattern here.
Conservative HQ has released videos of Conservative Members and a Cabinet Minister announcing Government projects.
Can the Leader of the House assure us that Conservative Members are not being given advance notice of Government announcements, and if they are, will she confirm that this breaches the ministerial code?
Finally, I want to congratulate the Leader of the House on achieving meme status for her conference speech.
It was—how can I put this?—a call to arms to stand up and fight.
Well, it certainly involved lots of arms, anyway.
So why does she not stand up and fight for Parliament; stand up and fight for Members to hear Government policies first, or for colleagues not to be hoodwinked when big decisions are taken?
Why does she not stand up and fight for trust to be restored in politics?
The truth is that she is more interested in standing up and fighting for her own leadership ambitions.
As a fan of boats, she should know that a new captain is not saving this sinking ship.
It is time for them all to get off.
First, I thank the hon.
Lady and join her in remembering our late colleague, Sir David Amess.
His legacy lives on, not just in city status for Southend; the many charities and projects that he fostered are going from strength to strength, and they are a daily reminder of the work he did and the effect and impact he had.
I add my voice to those of many in this Chamber who have expressed their horror, sadness and sympathy with all those caught up in the situation in Israel and Gaza.
My thoughts are particularly with those who have lost loved ones in the most barbaric terrorist attack, and with those taken hostage and their families who await news of them.
At times like these, we in this place may feel that we cannot directly help, but we all can.
We can all make judgments based on facts, promote those facts and debunk deliberate disinformation campaigns, keep informed and wide-eyed about the realities of the situation, and reassure communities here in the UK.
On behalf of all colleagues, I thank the armed forces, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, our diplomats and humanitarian experts, and the police for all that they are doing to protect and secure people’s safety in the middle east and at home.
I join the hon.
Lady in saying that all of us in this place are united against hate.
She will know that the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary are currently in the region, and I am sure that they will want to update the House.
I am sure that many colleagues will want up-to-date information, particularly about some of the situations that have happened in Gaza and the facts behind those situations.
As such, I can also tell the hon.
Lady that my office has been in touch with the House of Commons Library to ensure that what information is available is given in a timely way to Members of the House.
The hon.
Lady criticises me very robustly about my role as this House’s representative in Government.
I hope to be able to reassure the House of my record on that front.
First, I hope that Mr Speaker would support me in saying that I have always followed up any criticism that this House has made of any Government Department —more, I think, than anyone else who has held the role.
My noble friend Lord True and I have also introduced training programmes for Government Departments to ensure that they know what their obligations to this House are.
Her complaint against me might have had more effect had the letter she wrote to me complaining about this issue not been received by myself only after it had been briefed to the Daily Mirror, which is where I found out about it.
I did cheer our announcement on net zero, unlike the Labour party, whose path to net zero would include immense burdens on working people.
We have chosen a different path to alleviate that burden.
The hon.
Lady invites me to contrast our parties’ records on infrastructure, and particularly rail.
I remind her that in the 13 years we have been in power, we have electrified 1,220 miles of track.
In the same time period, Labour managed just 70 miles.
I am not going to apologise for standing up and fighting for this country; even prior to taking this role, I think my record has been one of standing up and fighting for this House.
Hon.
Members will know that, in the first year of the pandemic, I spent every single day on the phone, to all Members of this House, in my role as Paymaster General, updating them on what was happening.
I take my responsibilities to this House very seriously indeed.
I will always stand up and fight for this House and for my country.
I will not be lying down with Just Stop Oil and damaging our energy security.
I will not be potentially lying down with the Liberal Democrats—I note the hon.
Lady’s encouraging words about proportional representation.
I will not be lying down with the SNP, which  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  will be pleased to hear, and contemplating assisting that party on a second referendum.
Those are the facts, and I can understand why Labour does not like them.
That is perhaps why it has chosen to ban some news programming available on Freeview to anyone operating in the Senedd.
Further business may be announced in the usual way, or by His Majesty the King on  7 November .
I associate myself with the words about our late colleague Sir David Amess.
I was privileged to serve with him on the all-party parliamentary group on the Holy See, of which he was a dedicated chairman.
In considering future business, may I draw the Leader of the House’s attention to the collapse of a company in my constituency, Initiative Property Management, which manages a large number of residential blocks in my constituency and more widely?
Since the collapse, many residents have seen building works on their blocks cease, and have been unable to access tens of thousands of pounds of their own money in management fees.
While the matter is now being investigated by Dorset police—and I do not invite my right hon.
Friend to comment on that—may I suggest that there may be a regulatory gap here?
It appears that management companies of this style do not fall under the regulatory framework of the Financial Conduct Authority.
I invite the Leader of the House to make Government colleagues aware of the fact, and perhaps ask them to take a look at it.
First, I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work he is doing at what must be a very worrying time for his constituents who are affected.
He will know that the Government are currently considering the recommendations in the final report from my noble Friend Lord Best’s working group on the regulation of property agents.
Of course, the Financial Conduct Authority currently has a limited role, and although we are not seeking to expand its role, we want to ensure that it can be a more innovative, assertive and adaptive regulator.