I listened carefully to the answers the Secretary of State gave to both hon.
Members, but I am still not reassured that she has the planned legislation in place to ban XL Bully dogs effectively.
Is she satisfied that we have the kennel space across the UK, enough vets to make assessments, and clear rules and legislation in place to make the ban effective?
The hon.
Lady asks a fair question.
The legislation has evolved since 1991, with amendments made to the primary legislation in 1997 and in the Dangerous Dogs Exemption Schemes (England and Wales) Order 2015.
In that, there is a combination of work with the police in particular and with local councils and, of course, the judicial system.
We have been working closely with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire to take the matter forward.
I want to ensure that the legislation is right.
I am expecting to present two statutory instruments to make it effective, with one bringing the ban into effect and the other providing the transition element and some of the finer details that still need to be completed.
Whether she plans to publish a new timeline for key milestones on (a) extended producer responsibility for packaging and (b) other measures in the 2018 resources and waste strategy for England.
In July, we announced the deferral of the producer payments under the extended producer responsibility scheme, moving them to October 2025.
I must say that that was at the request of industry, which asked for more time so that it could prepare.
We remain fully committed to delivering the programme to the timeline.
The Government continue to deliver obligations set out in the 2018 resources and waste strategy, and we recently published “Maximising Resources, Minimising Waste”, which is England’s waste prevention programme.
On  1 October , we also expanded our ban on certain single-use plastic items.
I am grateful for that comprehensive answer.
No one should underestimate the critical role of recycling, but, as I am told by the Green Alliance, it is critical that it is economically viable for the industry, which is worried about the increased costs of waste separation in the Government’s proposals.
I accept what the Minister said, but will she confirm whether her Department’s upcoming simpler recycling proposals  will retain commitments for recycling to be separated  at home?
Details of the simpler recycling system will be announced shortly, but I can tell the House that it will mean that all local authorities will collect the same materials.
Of course, as we have always said, food waste will have to be collected separately.
It will also be flexible.
This has all been discussed with local authorities.
What steps she is taking to support a healthy and sustainable food system.
The Government’s food strategy set out longer-term measures to support a resilient, healthier and more sustainable food and farming system.
In May, the Prime Minister’s farm to fork summit built on that with a focus on how we can work together to support a thriving UK food and farming industry.
The summit focused on innovation, skills and labour, and on rolling out the new farming schemes to ensure fairness across the supply chain to boost exports and support energy and water security, as well as to reduce red tape.
Every year, post-farm gate, 9.5 million tonnes of food that could have provided more than 15 billion perfectly edible meals is wasted.
That also has a massive carbon footprint.
Given that DEFRA’s impact assessment concluded that mandatory food waste reporting would result in “financial benefits to business and significant environmental benefits” and is backed by many retailers, including Tesco, why have the Government dropped their plans?
We are working closely with retailers to try to reduce food waste and will continue to do that.
The hon.
Member will recognise that a vast amount of food waste occurs within the domestic home, and we can do more to help and support consumers to make the most of the food they purchase.
We will continue to work with primary producers, retailers and consumers to reduce food waste wherever we can.
Sustainability is top of our agenda in the New Forest, and the national park authority is keen to discuss opportunities for it with the Minister.
I have sent him an invitation—will he come?
I am excited to have an opportunity to visit the New Forest.
As soon as my diary allows, I will hot-foot it down there to meet my right hon.
Friend.