Last year, this Government oversaw record levels of illegal sewage discharges into our rivers and waterways after they cut enforcement, and then they let the water bosses reward themselves for that failure with nearly £10 million in bonuses while hiking bills for consumers.
Labour believes that the polluter, and not the consumer, should pay.
Will the Government adopt Labour’s plan and give the regulator the power it needs to block water bosses’ bonuses if they keep illegally pumping toxic filth into our rivers?
I have already said that Labour has not costed its plan, which has no credibility whatsoever.
We have already changed regulation and the tools that Ofwat and the EA can use.
No dividends or bonuses can be paid out at all if there is any environmental damage, and there are more fines than ever before.
There were no fines under the Labour Government; indeed, they were taken to court by the European Commission for polluting water, and they did nothing about it.
This Government introduced the monitoring, and that is why we know what is happening and why we have the biggest criminal investigation in the history of water under way.
What steps she is taking to support fishing communities.
The Government are supporting communities by opening new fisheries for spurdog and bluefin tuna, accelerating action to protect valuable non-quota stocks through the first fisheries management plans, and protecting stocks by better controlling fly-seiners, and we have brought about increased benefit through reform of the economic link.
Off the coast of beautiful Hastings and Rye, fishermen are suffering the impact on their fishing of a growing seal colony.
Due to the nature of the fishing—small boats leave their nets in the water—sound systems to deter seals are not appropriate.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the presence of seals does not result in the decimation of our fishing communities, let alone the fish?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a tenacious campaigner for her fishing community.
We are working alongside the Marine Management Organisation to assess non-lethal seal deterrent options to keep seals away from fishing catches, and we will publish an evidenced report on targeted acoustic startle technology later this year.
We are also considering the next steps, including for net fisheries, under our Clean Catch programme.
The special committee on seals provides formal scientific advice to the Government on behalf of the Natural Environment Research Council on the management of seal populations under the Conservation of Seals Act 1970 and the Marine (Scotland) Act 2010.
Its reports include seal population data based on extensive regional surveys and form the foundation for monitoring our UK marine strategy.
I wonder whether the Minister has seen the video footage that is doing the rounds of the recent incident involving the Spanish longliner Antonio Maria trying to ram the Shetland whitefish boat Defiant; in fact, it put out a rope to foul its propeller.
The footage is truly shocking, but the real scandal is that this is not the first time it has happened; it is at least the third documented incident in recent times.
This will keep happening unless something is done to stop it, so will the Minister speak to his colleagues in the Department for Transport and the Foreign Office to make sure that France, as the flag state with enforcement powers in this case, takes its responsibility seriously?
I have seen that footage.
It is truly shocking.
This was a deliberate act to try to sabotage a UK fishing boat.
It was outrageous behaviour.
As the right hon.
Gentleman identifies, enforcement is difficult, because the incident involved a Spanish boat under a French flag, but given the seriousness of the event I will most certainly raise it with my ministerial colleagues.
What steps her Department is taking to support community farming projects.
We welcome community farms in England, because they give local communities a chance to become involved in the countryside.
Like any other farm, they may be eligible for a variety of grants enabling smaller farms to be supported more fairly.
We have introduced a sustainable farming incentive management payment, and we have also extended the farming in protected landscapes fund until March 2025.
The fund is open to farmers in national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty, allowing them to deliver projects to support nature, climate, people and places.
Figures from a social return on investment study show that every £1 invested in a community farm is worth £9 of community benefits through food production, new skills and community resources.
In my constituency, for instance, Lauriston Farm is investing in a community orchard and gardens, outdoor learning and a community kitchen to help people pick up new skills and produce affordable food.
Does the Minister agree that in a cost of living crisis it is critically important for people to have access to such facilities, and that more needs to be done to help small community projects to maximise their potential?
I pay tribute to those who are involved in that community project.
As the hon.
Lady will know, agriculture is devolved to the Scottish Government, and I hope they will use some of the £620 million a year that they are given to support Scottish farmers.
I am sure she will be a tenacious campaigner in holding the SNP Government to account.
What steps her Department is taking to protect rural communities in flood-risk areas.
What steps her Department is taking to protect rural communities in flood-risk areas.
The Government’s six-year £5.2 billion flood investment programme benefits both urban and rural communities.
Approximately 40% of schemes and 45% of investments are being directed at rural communities, which have benefited from our frequently flooded fund, our natural flood management fund and our flood and coastal innovation programmes.