Last month, I had the pleasure of hosting the brilliant Women’s Budget Group in Parliament for the launch of its report on gender gaps in access to civil justice.
Across the board, from employment and benefits to domestic violence and housing, the report found too many women reaching crisis point before they got the help that they needed, as well as increasing numbers getting no help at all and having to represent themselves in court.
Will the Attorney General raise those findings with the Justice Secretary and look at how the Government can address the disproportionate impact on women of our country’s legal aid deserts?
The right hon.
Lady makes an important point.
I read with interest some of the work that she had been doing with others for whom I have enormous respect in this important area.
I know that she is very capable of raising those matters herself with the Justice Secretary, but I reassure her that the access of everybody to justice is very much at the top of my agenda and his.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
We are committed to tackling violence against women and girls, and have introduced new specific offences to target those crimes.
We are steadily increasing the number of rape prosecutions.
We are working on new ways to recognise the relationship between rape, domestic abuse and stalking.
Close working across the system is the key to effective prosecution.
At Labour’s recent conference in Liverpool, my right hon.
Friend the shadow Attorney General highlighted the shocking statistic that it is 200 times more likely for a woman to be a victim of stalking in this country than it is for her stalker to go to jail.
Does the Attorney General agree that it is time that we started treating stalking with the seriousness that it deserves, including giving victims of online stalking a right to know the identity of their stalker?