I wonder whether we could have a debate in Government time about Liberal Democrat councils—something we could spend hours on.
The Government have very kindly given Mid Devon £660,000 for new housing, and I am grateful to Ministers for that, but the problem is that it has been given to a council that is inept.
It has a development that is going wrong now.
The leader of the council, who doubles up as a perfume-packing guy called Eau de Toilette and is the member who deals with scrutiny, is appalling.
Can we please have time to discuss giving money to councils that are not able to spend it properly?
We need Government control to ensure the money is spent wisely.
I am sorry to hear of another ongoing concern for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
It is important that, when money is distributed, it is given to bodies that will get on and do what is needed.
Sometimes, local authorities are not the best bodies to do that, which is why, when I was looking after the coastal communities fund, I always kept open the option for local community groups, charities and organisations that would qualify to be monitoring officers for such funds to administer them.
I shall ensure that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has heard his concerns.
Will the Leader of the House consider arranging for a statement or an early debate on the dangers of gambling and the gambling industry’s impact on children and young people?
There is increasing evidence that these big gambling concerns are using social media to get children engaged in gambling at an early age, as well as many vulnerable people.
May we have a debate on the power and influence of this massive, wealthy industry?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
He will know that there has been a focus on all aspects of gambling, including online and offline gambling and the level of stakes spent by individuals.
If he were to apply for a debate, there would be much to  discuss and it would be well attended.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has heard what he said.
Could we have a debate on media reporting of the conflict between Israel and Hamas so that we can hold to account those media outlets that chose to rush to blame Israel for the hospital tragedy without a sound evidential basis?
Accurate reporting is crucial.
Failing to deliver that makes the situation worse, could cost lives and could fuel hatred and antisemitism here in the UK.