On my hon.
Friend’s specific question, the rape review set challenging targets.
We have worked very hard across Government—the Home Office, AGs and the Ministry of Justice—on three of those targets in particular, and we are exceeding them considerably.
We are in a much better place.
Many more cases of rape are being prosecuted and rapists are being convicted.
We need to continue to build on that progress—we will not rest on our laurels—but there has been real improvement.
If anybody is a victim of rape, I encourage them to come forward.
We will support them, and we will prosecute.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the contribution of solicitors to civil society.
As my right hon.
Friend the Lord Chancellor agrees, solicitors and, indeed, all legal professionals play a vital role in upholding the rule of law.
As Solicitor General, I take this opportunity to thank Government Legal Service lawyers for their exceptional work every day, often under pressure, on some of the most high-profile cases in the country.
That is all very well, but the Justice Minister denounces lawyers for parading their politics, while the Home Secretary believes that there is a racket of “lefty lawyers” undermining the law.
Does the Attorney General not agree that, instead of deflecting blame from the serial ineptitude of a broken Home Office decimated by her colleagues, she should stand up for the profession as impartial arbiters of the rule of law?
The Attorney General and I often meet legal leaders across the profession both to celebrate their achievements and to hear their concerns.
It is right to say that lawyers acting in the best interests of their clients should never be criticised for so doing.
But it is also right to say, as the Lord Chancellor has also said, that it is the strong tradition of lawyers in this country that they simply act for their client without fear or favour and do not necessarily associate themselves with the cause.
I agree 100% with the Lord Chancellor.
What assessment has the Solicitor General made of the strength of the legal profession in rural areas?
Mr Speaker, you have heard about the “law tour” that the Attorney General and I recently entered into.
We met some lawyers in Welshpool and heard from high street solicitors about the importance of their practice, not only in Wales but on the Welsh borders.
My hon.
Friend should look out for more details about the law tour.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the appointment of the new director of the Serious Fraud Office.
The Attorney General and I met the new director, Nick Ephgrave, yesterday and discussed the SFO’s priorities, including continuing to deliver its day-to-day mission and driving forward lasting improvements to its operations.
I have been contacted by constituents who have been victims of financial scams carried out by large organised criminal gangs, which often target the more vulnerable in our communities.
What steps is the Solicitor General taking to end the scourge of these frauds and scams, and will it be a priority for the new director of the SFO?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that the SFO announced a criminal investigation just last week into a suspected fraud at Safe Hands Plans, a funeral plan provider with 46,000 plan holders before its collapse last year.
My hon.
Friend has raised this very point during an earlier debate, and I am grateful to him for that.
I am sure that he will agree that the announcement of the SFO’s investigation is a significant and welcome step.
Will the new head of the SFO take the job very seriously and look again at some of the big fraudsters and at the penalties?
Will the Solicitor General ask the new director why Bernie Ecclestone did not go to prison for massive fraud against the tax system?
The hon.
Gentleman gives me the opportunity to pay tribute to the new director.
He is the right candidate for the job.
He brings a wealth of experience.
He will listen to what the hon.
Gentleman says and to what we all say in this Chamber.
He has   expertise in leading large, complex and multidisciplinary law enforcement organisations, and we look forward to supporting him in his work.
His Majesty’s Crown Prosecution Service inspectorate inspects not only the CPS, but the SFO, so it was remiss of me earlier not to pay tribute to the inspectorate and to the chief inspector for his work.