To maintain that healthy, sustainable food system, farmers need a level playing field, so when  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  made his recent comments about the benefits of importing hormone-injected beef, it sent a shudder through the industry.
This time last year, he was at the very top of Government, alongside the Secretary of State.
Given the Minister’s long experience in Government, can he tell us how many others at the top of his Government privately harbour that view?
The gentleman at the top of Government —the Prime Minister—has been absolutely clear and explicit that we will not accept hormone-produced beef at any point in the future, nor will we accept chlorinated chicken.
He has the backing and support of British farmers, and he will do everything he can to help and support them.
What steps her Department is taking to require water companies to help reduce water pollution and unsatisfactory overflows.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend has asked that question, because no Government in history have taken a more comprehensive approach to tackling water pollution.
This Conservative Government are delivering more investment, stronger regulation and tougher enforcement to tackle every source of water pollution.
Under our storm overflows discharge reduction plan, £60 billion is targeted at cleaning up storm sewage overflows.
Thanks to our monitoring, we know what is happening and we are able to take action.
Let me remind Members that there was virtually no monitoring under the Labour Government.
This Government are setting the record straight.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that answer.
The Liberal Democrats pretend that we can fix storm overflows in 48 hours and Labour has an undeliverable sewage plan, so it is unsurprising that sewage is discharged more often in socialist-run Wales.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that it is only the Conservatives’ plan for water that is credible, costed and comprehensive?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is right on the button.
We are the only party with a costed, credible plan to tackle this issue, and we uncovered it.
If Labour had a plan, it would be using it in Wales.
We have just heard how serious the illegal sewage discharges are in Wales.
We have discovered that not only has Natural Resources Wales not carried out any enforcement, but it has not issued any fines at all on this subject—nothing.
And the Liberals do not have any plans.
Order.
We will get through these questions.
I have to get to a certain number
and I have not yet called the Chair of the Select Committee, and you are not helping me.
Like many of my constituents, over the summer I took advantage of the relatively warm temperatures in the North sea to enjoy swimming off our coast.
Should my constituents
and I worry about the quality of the water due to the practices of water companies?
Is it not time for Labour’s plan for automatic fines for discharges?
Ninety three per cent of bathing water around our coast is good or excellent.
It is a tremendous record.