Through decades of unwavering hard work and commitment, Peacock's

Signs & Designs has grown from a small local operation into a respected

company serving hometown restaurants, boutiques, shopping plazas, and

even national restaurant and retail chains.
Mr. Peacock's dedication to

quality and service has earned the business a reputation for

excellence, not only in Grenada but also in surrounding communities and

smaller towns that lack local sign companies.
Today, the legacy of Peacock's Signs continues with the involvement

of Walter Peacock's two sons, Walter ``Winston'' Peacock, Jr. and Fred

``Wesley'' Peacock.
Together, they carry forward their father's vision,

expanding the company's reach while maintaining the high standards set

by their father nearly 50 years ago.
This multigenerational commitment is a testament to the strength of

family, the power of entrepreneurship, and the impact of black-owned

businesses on local economies and communities.
It is through such

steadfast dedication that small businesses like Peacock's Signs &

Designs contribute profoundly to the cultural and economic fabric of

our great Nation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

enduring success of Peacock's Signs & Designs and its inspiring

founder, Walter Peacock, whose journey exemplifies the American spirit

of perseverance, innovation, and family unity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

_____

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who will travel to Washington, D.C. on October 15, 2025, with

Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean

War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National

Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their

courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who will travel here on

October 15, 2025, answered our Nation's call to service during one of

its greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the

Korean Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave

service, and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a

hero.
We owe them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women

for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to

rise and join me in expressing gratitude.