Today is no different, Danny

Robbins will drive the train to her hometown and host a birthday

celebration for ``Momma Ida,'' as she is often referred to throughout

the community.
May her life continue to remind us all that faith, family, and

perseverance are the foundations of a happy life.
It is with great

admiration that I wish Mrs. Newbill a very happy birthday and honor her

contributions to the 1st Congressional District of Arkansas, and I

extend my sincerest wishes for continued joy, peace, and health in the

years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 300TH ANNIVERSARY OF SALEM HELLER'S EVANGELICAL

REFORMED CHURCH

_____

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the congregation

of Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church for their 300th

anniversary.
Over the past year, the congregation of Salem Heller's Evangelical

Reformed Church has commemorated three centuries of faith and service.
The church's humble beginnings date back to a time before the founding

of both Lancaster County and the United States.
Today, Salem Heller's

stands as a testament to the strength and perseverance of a faith-based

community that has flourished for generations.
Salem Hellers was founded in 1725 by Palatine German immigrants to

the Conestoga Valley and claims to be one of the oldest Reformed

congregations in Lancaster County.
Initially, parishioners gathered for

worship in homes and barns before constructing a log cabin that served

as their first permanent site of worship, a structure that stood until

1860.
Throughout its history, the congregation of Salem Heller's has been

home to true patriots and community leaders.
At least 144 of its

members have served our Nation in conflicts dating back to the American

Revolution.
One of the church's first ministers, John Philip Boehm, is

recognized by many as the founder of the German Reformed Church in the

United States.
Today, the cemetery at Salem Heller's is the final

resting place of more than 2,700 individuals, each one a contributor to

the thriving and faithful community that continues to embody the spirit

of Lancaster County.
As the congregation concludes this year of celebration, it is fitting

to honor its storied past and its promising future.
For 300 years,

Salem Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church has served as a bastion of

faith and community for the people of Lancaster County.
As generations

continue to worship in this historic church, I know the congregation

will continue to serve its mission to both the community and its faith.
I extend my heartfelt congratulations to the congregation of Salem

Heller's Evangelical Reformed Church and wish them continued blessings

as they celebrate their 300th anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING BILL ZORTMAN ON HIS 5000TH RADIO SHOW

_____

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and congratulate Bill Zortman on the remarkable milestone of hosting

his 5000th radio show.
As a longtime voice behind ``It's Your

Business,'' Bill has amplified leading voices to guide South Dakota

listeners with practical wisdom and sound judgement.
Bill's distinguished career in radio and television broadcasting

spans more than forty years, including over fifteen years here in South

Dakota.
Beyond the microphone, he has demonstrated a deep commitment to

public service and community leadership.
After the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, Bill took a break

from journalism and served as the Executive Director for the Red Cross

of South Dakota and Nebraska.
He has also contributed to many causes

close to home, serving as President of Realtors for Kids, organizing

the Professional Real Estate Associates Military Thank You Picnic, and

earning recognition from his peers as Real Estate Spirit of the Year in

2008 and the Professional Real Estate Associates Spirit Award in 2012.
Bill has become more than just a broadcaster; he's a trusted voice

for business, agriculture, and civic life in our state.