Title: CELEBRATING DIANA NYAD; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
169

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DIANA NYAD

_____

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I,

along with Rep. Moskowitz, rise to recognize the tremendous

achievements of Diana Nyad.
Diana Nyad was born in New York City on August 22, 1949, and raised

in Ft.
Lauderdale, Florida.
She is a legendary endurance swimmer,

author, inspirational speaker and sports journalist.
She attended Pine

Crest School in Ft.
Lauderdale and later graduated Phi Beta Kappa from

Lake Forest College.
Ms. Nyad gained fame by setting a new speed record for both men and

women when she circled Manhattan Island in 1975 in 7 hours and 57

minutes.
She was the first person to swim North to South across Lake

Ontario in 1974, and was the world champion on the marathon circuit

that year.
Her first attempt to swim from Havana, Cuba to Key West,

Florida was in 1978 and 35 years later, at the age of 64, Diana became

the first to ever swim from Cuba to Florida without the aid of a shark

cage--110.86 miles, 52 hours and 54 minutes.
Ms. Nyad was inducted into the United States National Women's Sports

Hall of Fame in 1986.
She is also an International Marathon Swimming

Hall of Fame Honoree and an ISHOF Al Schoenfield Media Award recipient.
In addition to her illustrious career as an athlete, Ms. Nyad founded

the national walking initiative EverWalk and wrote and starred in the

off-Broadway play, The Swimmer.
In 2014, the City of Key West honored Ms. Nyad with an historic

bronze plaque installed at Smathers Beach where she walked ashore at

the end of her Cuba crossing.
On November 6, 2025, a State of Florida

Historic Marker tribute to Diana's inspirational life will be unveiled

and eventually be on permanent display at Las Olas Beach in Ft.
Lauderdale.
It is with great enthusiasm that I congratulate Ms. Nyad on her

accomplishments and ask Floridians to join me in thanking her for

contributing to our state's rich cultural history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING IDA NEWBILL'S 111TH BIRTHDAY

_____

HON.
ERIC A. ``RICK'' CRAWFORD

Mr. CRAWFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of the

oldest living residents of Arkansas, my constituent, Mrs. Ida Newbill,

on her 111th birthday.
Born on October 14, 1914, Mrs. Newbill has lived through more than a

century of extraordinary progress, bearing witness to generations of

history with grace, wisdom, and faith.
She was raised attending Sunday

school, and continues to build her life upon strong values, which have

served as guiding principles for her family and community.
Together with her late husband, Mr. Joseph Newbill, Mrs. Newbill

raised six children, four of whom are still living: daughter Alberta

Glass (age of 94), daughter Willie Mae Terry (age of 91), daughter

Augustine Terry (age of 90), and daughter Ida Henderson (age of 88).
Mrs. Newbill is a proud matriarch of a United States Army family, with

her son, grandson, and great-grandson having honorably served our

Nation.
She also has a profound love for locomotives.
Each year, a special

locomotive visit by the North Louisiana and Arkansas Railroad to Arch

Street in Eudora, Arkansas, near her home, has become a cherished

tradition to celebrate her birthday.
Today is no different, Danny

Robbins will drive the train to her hometown and host a birthday

celebration for ``Momma Ida,'' as she is often referred to throughout

the community.
May her life continue to remind us all that faith, family, and

perseverance are the foundations of a happy life.
It is with great

admiration that I wish Mrs. Newbill a very happy birthday and honor her

contributions to the 1st Congressional District of Arkansas, and I

extend my sincerest wishes for continued joy, peace, and health in the

years ahead.