After the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, Bill took a break

from journalism and served as the Executive Director for the Red Cross

of South Dakota and Nebraska.
He has also contributed to many causes

close to home, serving as President of Realtors for Kids, organizing

the Professional Real Estate Associates Military Thank You Picnic, and

earning recognition from his peers as Real Estate Spirit of the Year in

2008 and the Professional Real Estate Associates Spirit Award in 2012.
Bill has become more than just a broadcaster; he's a trusted voice

for business, agriculture, and civic life in our state.
Through ``It's

Your Business'' and ``lt's Your Business to Know'', Bill has built a

trusted forum for businesses, public leaders, and neighbors.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in

celebrating Bill Zortman on his 5000th broadcast and in recognizing his

decades of dedication to his profession and community.
South Dakota is

fortunate to call him one of our own.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING HAWAII TEACH FOR AMERICA TEACHERS

_____

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say aloha and congratulations

to the newest cohort of Teach For America (TFA) Hawaii.
TFA, a critical national nonprofit partner since 1989 in our effort

to eliminate educational inequality, continues its mission to ``enlist,

develop, and mobilize as many as possible of our Nation's most

promising future leaders to grow and strengthen the movement for

educational excellence.''
By recruiting and training college graduates

to teach in high-need schools for at least two years, it aims to expand

educational opportunities for all.
This school year, TFA Hawaii marks its 20th year of service to the

State of Hawaii by welcoming 103 corps members to classrooms across our

islands.
In total, the TFA network in Hawaii now has 631 corps members

and alumni, collectively improving the lives of over 18,000 students.
I especially commend the program's focus on locally-rooted

leadership.
TFA Hawaii has recruited 259 corps members and alumni who

are kama`aina, born and raised in our islands, including 89 Kanaka

Maoli.
They embody the sense of kuleana and community responsibility

necessary to provide critical education support for our keiki.
The impacts of our TFA Hawaii kumu--or teachers--have lasted far

beyond their initial commitment, with over 500 alumni remaining in

education across Hawaii, 15 of them now serving as school leaders.
Their mission reminds us of the `olelo no`eau ``hahai no ka ua i ka

ulula'au.'':
the rain follows the forest.
By intentionally investing in

this forest of local talent, we ensure a bright future for all our

students.
I offer my mahalo to the new corps members and alumni for their

continued service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CALTHA SEYMOUR AS A 2025 SHE LEADS AMERICA CHRISTIAN WOMAN OF

DISTINCTION

_____

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Caltha Seymour

as a 2025 She Leads America Christian Woman of Distinction award

recipient.
Caltha Seymour is Director of Mission Critical Power Solutions in

Eaton's electrical sector, where she leads global federal sales and

strategic growth initiatives for one of the

world's most trusted power management companies.
Based in Washington,

D.C., she directs a team responsible for government contracting,

commercial sales, marketing, customer success, and strategic

partnerships, ensuring reliable power solutions in mission-critical

environments.
Originally from Canada, Caltha has been with Eaton for nearly a

decade, serving in many leadership roles spanning new product

development, product marketing, and channel management.
She is a

graduate of Eaton's Global Leadership Development Program and

previously oversaw $262 million in distribution partner sales as the

company's first National Channel Manager for Industrial Controls.
Her leadership extends far beyond business into nonprofit, cultural,

and faith-based service.