2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Border Management, Federal Workforce, and Regulatory Affairs To hold hearings to examine Congress's role in the regulatory landscape.
SD-342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine finding opportunities for U.S.-Africa partnerships.
SD-419 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law To hold hearings to examine protecting and safeguarding Americans' online data.
SD-226 3 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 3:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine awareness to action, focusing on combating elder abuse and neglect.
SD-106 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 275, to improve the provision of care and services under the Veterans Community Care Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 506, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to coordinate, navigate, and manage care and benefits for veterans enrolled in both the Medicare program and the system of annual patient enrollment of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 607, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish an integrated project team to improve the process for scheduling appointments for health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 610, to expand the VetSuccess on Campus program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 635, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recognize nurse registries for purposes of the Veterans Community Care Program, S. 654, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish an external provider scheduling program to assist the Department of Veterans Affairs in scheduling appointments for care and services under the Veterans Community Care Program, S. 702, to require a study on the quality of care difference between mental health and addiction therapy care provided by health care providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs compared to non-Department providers, S. 778, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require a lactation space in each medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 787, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a commission to review operations at the Veterans Health Administration and submit to Congress reports with respect to that review, and for other programs, S. 800, to modify the Precision Medicine for Veterans Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 827, to extend and modify the transportation grant program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 831, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve telephone communication by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 879, to expand medical, employment, and other benefits for individuals serving as family caregivers for certain veterans, S. 972, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs repays members such members towards Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, S. 1139, to amend the Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health Care Improvement Act of 2019 to modify and reauthorize the Staff Sergeant Parker Gordon Fox Suicide Prevention Grant Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1245, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for military sexual trauma, S. 1318, to direct the American Battle Monuments Commission to establish a program to identify American-Jewish servicemembers buried in United States military cemeteries overseas under markers that incorrectly represent their religion and heritage, S. 1320, to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to take certain steps regarding research related to menopause, perimenopause, or mid-life women's health, S. 1383, to establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal Access, S. 1441, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to nonprofit entities to assist such entities in carrying out programs to provide service dogs to eligible veterans, S. 1533, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent and codify the pilot program for use of contract physicians for disability examinations, S. 1591, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reorganize the acquisition structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to establish the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Department, S. 2392, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2025, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and S. 2393, to authorize a major medical facility project for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2026 in St. Louis, Missouri.
SR-418