JULY 30 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider the nominations of Lanny Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and Audrey Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), and Timothy John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Management), both of the Department of Energy.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine guardrails and growth, focusing on AI's role in capital and insurance markets.
SD-538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1691, to limit the use of facial recognition technology in airports, S. 2314, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish a task force regarding shark depredation, S. 2318, to amend the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to require the periodic update to the strategic plan to guide the Manufacturing USA Program to align with the mandatory updates to the National Strategy for Advanced Manufacturing, S. 2351, to supplement existing lease authorities available to the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to support research, education, and training, and the nominations of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, Taylor Jordan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Harry Kumar, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Commerce, Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Jonathan Morrison, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Seval Oz, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary, Michael Rutherford, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory Zerzan, of Texas, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Transportation, and Derek Barrs, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.
SR-253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar business.
S-116 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2292, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user fee program for over-the-counter monograph drugs, S. 1440, to amend title II of the Public Health Service Act to include as an additional right or privilege of commissioned officers of the Public Health Service (and their beneficiaries) certain leave provided under title 10, United States Code to commissioned officers of the Army (or their beneficiaries), S. 2398, to reauthorize the Kay Hagan Tick Act, S. 2301, to reauthorize certain programs regarding rural health care, S. 1727, to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to permit employee stock ownership plan participants to benefit from the full amount of beneficial ownership that can be accrued in the plan while also fully realizing the benefits of saving for retirement in a defined contribution plan, S. 1728, to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to expand the membership of the Advisory Council on Employee Welfare and Pension Benefit Plans to include representatives of employee ownership organizations, and S. 2403, to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide a clear definition of adequate consideration for certain closely held stock.
SD-430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 854, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish the Life Sciences Research Security Board, S. 855, to require executive branch employees to report certain royalties, S. 269, to improve coordination between Federal and State agencies and the Do Not Pay working system, S. 81, to require a guidance clarity statement on certain agency guidance, S. 861, to streamline the sharing of information among Federal disaster assistance agencies, to expedite the delivery of life-saving assistance to disaster survivors, to speed the recovery of communities from disasters, to protect the security and privacy of information provided by disaster survivors, S. 766, to require an annual report of taxpayer-funded projects that are over budget and behind schedule, S. 872, to amend the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 to ensure that other transaction agreements are reported to USAspending.gov, S. 727, to correct the inequitable denial of enhanced retirement and annuity benefits to certain U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers, S. 874, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, S. 594, to amend the Post-Katrina Management Reform Act of 2006 to repeal certain obsolete requirements, S. 865, to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to require certain disclosures by registrants regarding exemptions under the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, S. 856, to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to clarify a provision relating to certain contents of registrations under that Act, S. 850, to amend the Northern Border Security Review Act to require updates to the northern border threat analysis and the northern border strategy, S. 848, to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism, and S. 572, to enhance the effectiveness of the Shadow Wolves Program; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider S. 1498, to amend chapter 131 of title 5, United States Code, to prohibit transactions involving certain financial instruments by Members of Congress, S. 2144, to improve the safety and security of Members of Congress, immediate family members of Members of Congress, and congressional staff, the nominations of Pedro Allende, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and Sean Plankey, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, both of the Department of Homeland Security, Christopher Fox, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Edward Aloysius O'Connell, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years.
SD-342 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain nominations.
SH-216 11 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine a review of the USDA reorganization proposal.
SR-328A