I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Several Mid Leicestershire villages such as Glenfield, Birstall and Braunstone town are extremely anxious at the prospect of being forced into a large city unitary as a result of the English devolution Bill.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss this matter, and will he give my constituents the assurance that they will not be forced into a city unitary against their wishes?
It is important to say that any requests for local government reorganisation are proposed to Government by the local areas.
It is for the Government to provide the process by which those applications are heard.
Over at least the last four years, local authority elections have been postponed countless times to allow reorganisation to take place.
To be clear, there is a bottom-up approach for both the postponement of elections and the boundaries that are drawn for the unitaries.
Our job is to ensure that the process supports that approach.
I want to ask about the interaction between the planning reforms and devolution, which are two huge bits of legislation.
In Tunbridge Wells we have a local plan, but we have been asked when we do our new local plan to have a 66% increase in houses.
Except, we will not have a new local plan because Tunbridge Wells borough council will cease to exist—it will become part of the West Kent unitary authority.
How will these two huge reforms interact and what will it mean for housing numbers in Tunbridge Wells?
In a sense, a council is only an organisation at a point in time, but there will always be a local authority responsible for the area.
We want to ensure that the authority is strategic but also takes that wider view.
Reorganisation is of course part of that, but, importantly, a strategic authority can also take wider responsibility for aligning public service reform with local growth.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about housing numbers and we can sometimes miss how important that is: housing targets are one thing, but we must not forget that for every one of those numbers there are people and families who currently do not have a safe and affordable place to live.
This agenda is about tackling exactly that.
What recent progress she has made on planning reform.
In December 2024 we published a revised national planning policy framework, following extensive consultation.
We are also making progress on developing our planning and infrastructure Bill, which will be introduced in the coming months.
A constituent of mine is endeavouring to prevent her neighbour from building an extension that would affect the rights of access set out in her restrictive covenant.
She was initially quoted £80,000 to £100,000 to take the neighbour to court.
Such costs make civil law inaccessible to ordinary people.
Will the Minister consider looking at ways that restrictive covenants can be brought into the planning process as a material consideration?
I am sorry to learn of the experience of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Legal restrictions on properties are not usually treated as material planning considerations; the planning process only addresses whether the development is acceptable in planning terms.
Material considerations must relate to a planning purpose such as the character or use of the land.
If my hon.
Friend wishes to write to me with further details on this, I will endeavour to explore it further.
In Gosport we are facing a massive increase in our housing numbers, and planners are putting in applications to build across the very last green spaces, in the strategic gap between Gosport and Fareham, which already has air quality issues and overstretched local infrastructure.
We do have an abundance of disused military sites, however, so what priority is the Minister giving to encourage development on brownfield sites rather than eating up the last remaining green fields in areas such as Gosport, which are already overdeveloped?
The Government have a “brownfield first” approach to development.
We strengthened that approach in the recently revised national planning policy framework.
We also published last year a brownfield passport working paper to explore further ways in which we might prioritise and accelerate the release of brownfield land.
On plan making, we are asking local authorities to take a sequential approach—brownfield first, densify those brownfield sites if possible and work cross-boundary where possible, and only then explore grey belt release and greenfield release in extremis.
We are in conversation with Departments across the board about how we can best optimise the use of public sector land across all Departments.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
No one in Britain today should face the cold and indignity of having to sleep in a doorway, so the Minister for Homelessness and Democracy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) , has today announced the tripling of the rough sleeping winter pressures fund.
This will ensure that as many people as possible have access to a safe roof over their head and a warm bed to sleep in.
Safety experts have raised concerns about 95 high-rise blocks and nearly 300 other buildings in Scotland found to contain high pressure laminate panels.
Shockingly, eight years on from Grenfell the Scottish Government have spent less than 10% of the £97 million received from the UK Government for dealing with cladding in 2020.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government have dragged their feet on this for far too long and must act now to make these buildings safe?
I agree that remediation has been too slow.
This Government are laser-focused on speeding up the remediation of dangerous buildings, and I encourage the Scottish Government, for which this is a devolved matter, to increase their efforts, as we are, to up the pace of remediation in Scotland.