May I start by joining the Foreign Secretary in welcoming the release of Emily Damari yesterday?
Our thoughts are with her, with her family and with all the hostages at this time.
I associate those on this side of the House with the Foreign Secretary’s comments.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for providing advance sight of his statement.
For nearly three years the House has stood united and steadfast in our support of the people of Ukraine.
We admire their determination, courage and bravery in the face of such horror, terror and brutality being inflicted on them, and our hearts bleed for the pain, the loss and the suffering that Putin has caused through his illegal war and invasion of a sovereign country.
From day one—in fact, since before Russian troops started the latest wave of aggression in 2022—the British Government have backed President Zelensky in defence of Ukraine’s freedom.
We recognise the threats posed since the invasion of Crimea in 2014, and the ongoing incursions in the east.
We quickly provided the Ukrainians with military equipment, aid and finance.
We set up bespoke routes to provide safety in the UK for those needing to leave Ukraine, and the British people opened their homes.
Through Boris Johnson and Ben Wallace, we led global diplomatic efforts to rally the world in support of Ukraine and to isolate Russia.
That included one of the most comprehensive packages of sanctions ever imposed on a country, members of its ruling regime, and businesses with links to Putin and the war.
When we were in government, our commitment to Ukraine was solid, and we were grateful for the support of the then Opposition.
In three years, we have provided £12.8 billion-worth of support for Ukraine, including £7.8 billion in military assistance, and we welcome the ongoing commitment to provide at least £3 billion a year in military aid for as long as it is needed.
As the Foreign Secretary will know, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  and my noble Friend Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton were instrumental in laying the foundations for this partnership.
The partnership reached commitments to a long-standing and deep relationship between our two countries.
At this time of uncertainty for Ukraine, the prospect of future stability and our ongoing friendship and support will be welcome.
Can the Foreign Secretary provide more details about the following elements of the partnership?
First, on security and defence, referenced in articles 2 and 3, can he give an update on when he expects the proposed maritime partnership to be concluded, and on how any such partnership can be impacted in the future?
The partnership also enshrines our support for Ukraine becoming a future NATO ally, so can the Foreign Secretary give an update on his discussions with the incoming US Administration on their plans, and on how we can ensure that there is consistency in this partnership?
On defence alliances, can he give an update on the progress being made towards spending 2.5% of gross domestic product on defence?
Secondly, the partnership commits to increasing economic and trade co-operation, partnership working on energy, and work on science, technology and innovation.
Will the Foreign Secretary elaborate on the levels of investment that he expects to be made, and on what work is under way within Government and with the private sector to facilitate that?
What discussions are under way with our international partners to boost the contributions that they are making?
Thirdly, can the Foreign Secretary give an update on the further steps being taken to isolate and undermine Putin and Russia, including responses to the use of North Korean troops fighting for Russia?
Does he expect to announce further sanctions and activities to mobilise assets, to fund the rebuilding of Ukraine?
Fourthly, the partnership refers to commitments to “combatting foreign information manipulation and interference” in article 7.
Will the Foreign Secretary give an update on how that will work in practical terms, and on the steps being taken to prevent and combat Russian interference in other countries, including Moldova, Romania and Georgia?
There will continue to be difficult days ahead for the people of Ukraine, but their fight for freedom is a just cause, because they are not only fighting to free their country from Putin’s aggression; they are fighting for our values and freedoms, too.
That is why we must continue to stand by them, and to make sure that this partnership is a success and gives Ukraine hope for a brighter future.
Slava Ukraini!
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her words, which underline the bipartisan support in this House.
It was very useful for me to be in Washington DC with the Defence Secretary last May, when we underlined to colleagues across Capitol Hill that here in the United Kingdom this remains a bipartisan issue.
It is a great indication of what we can achieve in this Parliament on matters of the greatest concern.
On the right hon.
Lady’s last point, she will understand that today is inauguration day and it would have been a bit pre-emptive to have had discussions with the incoming Administration on the security guarantees and on Ukraine’s path to NATO.
She knows that we set out an irreversible pathway to membership at the NATO conference when we came into office, and that remains the position.
She also asked me about the security pillar, and that is important.
Helping Ukraine to reach NATO’s standards, particularly across its military structures, to support Ukraine’s irreversible path to NATO membership, is something that we in this country take very seriously.
Ukraine has defended itself resolutely in cyber-space in the face of Russian aggression, and the UK has been proud to support that defence, both in Ukraine and also in the next-door country.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned cyber.
I was in Moldova seeing the work that we fund, which began before we came into power.
It is good, hugely important work, and when we see the interference across the region in Romania and Georgia, the importance of this work is underlined even further.
The right hon.
Lady rightly talked about the maritime context and strengthening our maritime capabilities.
Working with Ukraine to protect Black sea security is essential to its future security and prosperity.
Some 49% of Ukraine’s pre-war trade went through the Black sea, and I might say that that is why, for a substantial period of history, Russia has wanted total control of much of the Black sea.
Through the agreement, we will work together to ensure the safety of trade in the Black and Azov seas through joint naval tasking and de-mining activity, which will be hugely important once this war comes to an end.
More broadly, it is important for me to be absolutely clear on the issue of third-party support.
I raised concerns with my Chinese counterpart when I was in China on  18 October  about the supply of equipment to Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s relationship with Russia.
The right hon.
Lady knows that I went on to designate companies that we saw dealing with that dual-use technology.
The direct participation of DPRK troops in combat operations is another dangerous expansion of Putin’s illegal war against Ukraine and further proof that he has no interest in peace.
We have also imposed sanctions on a number of Iranian individuals, on  10 September  and again on  18 November , including Iran Air, in response to Iran’s transfer of ballistic missiles to Russia.
I want once again to thank the Foreign Secretary, the Defence Secretary and the Prime Minister for willing this partnership into life.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine, I fully support all nine pillars of the agreement, as I am sure all members of the all-party group do.
Pillar 4 deals with the economy and trade, and there are many things we can do now to deepen and strengthen our trade relations with Ukraine, one of which involves joint ventures.
What work will be done to remove insurance barriers and trade barriers, for instance, to give access to kindred or joint venture partnerships between UK and Ukrainian companies in all areas, including defence?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for all his work on the all-party group.
He will be pleased that there are active conversations on this very issue at this time.
He will know, too, that because of some of the changes that my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary has made on procurement, we are doing all we can to assist trade in Ukraine, as complicated as that is at this moment.