I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a serving councillor on Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council.
Many councils have already undergone significant reorganisation, from moving to shared services right the way through to full unitarisation, and the costs of that have always been underestimated.
Although transformation leads to lower long-term revenue costs, we know that councils everywhere are teetering on the edge, so finding funds to pay for reorganisation, transformation and redundancies will be problematic.
The mayoral authorities add an extra complication, so can the Minister confirm that funding from central Government will be provided to fully cover both devolution and local government reorganisation, so that councils do not have to factor extra costs into their 2025-26 and 2026-27 budgets or risk reducing local services further?
The Government are not requiring any area to reorganise.
What we did was write out and invite proposals to be submitted, and I pay tribute to councillors across the country for the leadership they have shown in putting those proposals forward.
Investment to support LGR or devolution will follow a bit later,  but to be clear, this is a bottom-up reorganisation being requested by local councils, and they have our full support in that process.
What steps her Department is taking to work with the devolved Administrations to support people sleeping rough in winter 2024-25.
Funding for homelessness services in England is increasing next year by £233 million, taking the total to a record £1 billion.
This will help prevent rises in the number of families in temporary accommodation and in rough sleeping.
Today, I have announced the tripling of emergency winter pressures funding from £10 million to £30 million.
Housing and homelessness is a devolved responsibility, but we engage with devolved Administrations on a regular basis to share best practice and inform our cross-Government strategy on homelessness, which is being chaired by the Deputy Prime Minister.