We are determined to end the injustice of fleecehold entirely, and we will consult next year on legislative and policy options to reduce the prevalence of such arrangements.
We remain committed to protecting residential freeholders on existing estates from unfair charges.
Similar to my previous answers, we need to implement the 2024 Act’s new consumer protection provisions and bring those measures into force as quickly as possible.
That is our intention.
If she will make it her policy to introduce a new planning use class for second homes.
The Government recognise that excessive concentrations of second homes impact on the availability and affordability of homes for local residents to buy and rent, as well as on local services.
From April, councils will be able to charge a council tax premium of up to 100% on second homes but, as the hon.
Gentleman will know, we do not think this is enough.
We are considering what additional powers we might give local authorities to enable them to better respond to the pressures they face.
I am encouraged by the Minister’s reply.
Towns and communities in my constituency, such as Coniston, Hawkshead, Pooley Bridge and a whole range of other beautiful places, have so many second homes that up to 85% of properties are not lived in for most of the year, meaning that the very survival of those communities is under serious threat.
The Government have done a number of things, including talking about  short-term lets being a separate category of planning use.
However, will the Minister agree to look at also making second homes a separate category of planning use so that we can prevent these beautiful places from becoming ghost towns?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the previous Government consulted on making short-term lets a different use class, but did not consult on second homes becoming a use class.
As part of our wider consideration about the additional powers we might give local authorities, I am more than happy to have a conversation with him.
I understand that the pressures in his part of the world are particularly acute because of both second homes and short-term lets.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the UK shared prosperity fund on local communities in Northern Ireland.
The UK shared prosperity fund supports people, businesses and communities across Northern Ireland, and is an important part of this Government’s local growth funding.
The Department is committed to evaluating the impact of the fund, including in Northern Ireland.
The UKSPF evaluation strategy is a publicly available document setting out our approach, and the Department is committed to publishing ongoing evaluation findings, as they become available.
The voluntary and community sector in Northern Ireland has said that the reduction in shared prosperity funding available in the next financial year, coupled with the increase in employer national insurance contributions, presents a perfect storm at a time when even more is being asked of it.
Will the Minister agree to meet me, members of the Northern Ireland Council for Voluntary Action and representatives of the voluntary and community sector to discuss those issues?
We inherited a situation in which the previous Government had not made any money available for that work.
I have no doubt that the transition year creates significant challenges for local organisations.
I have visited the hon.
Gentleman in South Antrim before and met representatives of some organisations, and I would be delighted to do so again.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Cornwall’s allocation from the shared prosperity fund is good news and well needed.
The Government are reworking the outcomes for the shared prosperity grants, and councils such as Cornwall are awaiting the memorandum of understanding for the grant before they can make agreements with providers.
Ongoing schemes need certainty, as employees with three-month notice periods are relying on the contracts, and the old SPF scheme expires on  31 March .
Will the Secretary of State confirm— Order.
That must obviously be connected to Northern Ireland when we look at it.
I know that local authorities from Northern Ireland to Cornwall are interested to know their allocations, information about which was made available to them in recent weeks, and that some have concerns about making spending commitments.
The money is there and has been committed, but my officials are working—they have had conversations directly about Cornwall—to ensure that local authorities have the confidence to make those commitments, so that we do not see 90-day redundancy notices.
What steps she is taking to support local authorities on using high street rental auctions to help regenerate town centres.
I am very excited that high street rental auctions are capturing the imagination of local communities and colleagues in this place.
A common view for all of us is that vacant shops are a blight and that high street rental auctions are a great tool with which to tackle them.
We are working with some early adopters, but I encourage all local authorities to come forward and be active in this space.
As of  15 January , we have made a £1.5 million fund available to support the delivery of those powers across the country.
Crewe town centre, in my constituency, is in desperate need of “new year, new me”.
For too long, we simply have not had the tools at a local level to tackle the irresponsible, absent landlords presiding over empty shop units.
For example, the old M&S unit is owned by an absent landlord who has left that crucial anchor unit in our town centre to go to rack and ruin.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can remove the obstacles to bringing that crucial unit back into use?
I am sad to hear about Crewe’s experience, but I know it is shared up and down the country.
Crewe has a proud record in the retail space and I believe it can have that again, but as my hon.
Friend says, the right tools and powers must be assembled to make that happen.
I would be very happy to meet him.
He is slightly unkind, because he knows that Crewe town centre was the site of my biggest personal and professional embarrassment, some 17 years ago.
Provided I am still allowed back in, I will very gladly meet my hon.
Friend.
Rickmansworth high street in my constituency is a thriving hub for the community, supported by its fantastic local businesses.
Having spoken to many of those dedicated business owners, I know the challenges they face.
What steps is the Minister taking to support local authorities in delivering initiatives, such as high street rental auctions, to help high streets like the one in Rickmansworth?
We are aware that with new responsibilities for local authorities come new costs.
Local authorities want to spend their money as effectively as possible, so we have made £1.5 million available, including to the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority, to ensure that they have the capacity to make these powers a reality.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve housing standards in the private rented sector.
We will deliver on our promise to transform the lives of millions of renters through our landmark Renters’ Rights Bill, which will make renting fairer, more secure and more affordable by banning no-fault evictions, ending bidding wars and extending Awaab’s law to protect private tenants.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree that it was disgraceful that the Tories decided to play politics last week and tried to vote down this vital Bill, which would have denied renters the protections they deserve.
Recent data shows that 75% of private rented sector properties in Blackpool have damp or mould, leaving tenants to suffer unacceptable conditions.
I welcome the Renters’ Rights Bill, which will introduce a decent standard for homes in the private rented sector.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that councils have the resources they need to enforce those standards?
I am sorry to hear of the experience of many of my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Most private landlords provide a good service to their tenants, but for the few landlords who fail to take reasonably practicable steps to keep their properties free from serious hazards, local councils will be able to issue fines of up to £7,000.
That will allow local councils to target their enforcement effectively on the small minority of irresponsible and criminal landlords.
Late last year, Bradenham parish council in my constituency contacted me, concerned that the National Trust, which owns a high number of rental properties in the village, is leaving them empty and not putting in new tenants to avoid the burdens that the Government are placing on landlords.
Does the Secretary State agree that there is a balance to be struck here, and what advice can she give areas such as Bradenham, which faces being an empty village?
The Government have taken action.
We will ensure that empty homes are brought back into use.
We make no apologies for asking that homes are of a decent and safe standard.
People should be able to live in their homes without the risk of hazards that are dangerous to their health.
In my constituency, one of the big challenges for the private rented sector is the need to house families who are in temporary accommodation.
It is very often a five-year tenancy; sometimes it is longer.
Such families really should not be in these sorts of homes, which are often overcrowded, leading to damp and mould, whatever the best intentions of the local authority that housed them.
In order to improve standards across the board, will my right hon.
Friend pledge to ensure that we are pushing for much-needed affordable social rented housing, so that those tenants can move into it, and other private tenants can move into these homes, which will then be improved?
My hon.
Friend is right: 160,000 children and families were in temporary accommodation at Christmas.
We need to build the social and council homes that we desperately need so that people have a home for life, and stop local authorities spending huge sums of money on temporary accommodation that does not help the life chances of those young people.
During the last Parliament, I visited a family in Stanton Hill in Ashfield who lived in a private rented property.
It was disgraceful: the property had damp, electrical problems and flooding.
Not only was the property covered by the landlord licensing scheme; the landlord was the leader of Ashfield district council.
Will the Secretary of State please remind council leaders that if they or their councillors rent out private properties, they should be held to a higher standard?
The hon.
Gentleman highlights an issue across the board: we do not have decent homes standards.
We want to introduce them in not just the social rented sector but the private rented sector.
We have seen far too many situations where tenants are too frightened to come forward with mould, damp and health issues in their properties.
We have to ensure that those standards are upheld.
It does not matter who it is or where it is; people should have safe, secure homes.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.
Our plan for change sets out that the whole of the Government are committed to the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
The previous Government failed to take social and in particular council housing seriously.
I am determined to put right that wrong.
We have already taken decisive steps, including an injection of £500 million into the affordable homes programme, our consultation on the rent settlement and reforms to right to buy.
We will set out more details in the spending review.
After 14 years of Conservative Government, Ealing council has thousands of families waiting for a council home and has an affordable housing programme that it does not have the money to deliver.
A report from Southwark council released on Sunday found that 71% of councils will have to delay or cancel house building projects.
Will the Secretary of State look at ways to finally make local councils’ housing budgets sustainable so that we can build the affordable homes that my constituents in Ealing Southall desperately need?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Since taking office, we have set out a series of measures to support councils to increase their capacity, confidence and motivation to invest in new homes.
We are providing £450 million to councils to house some of the most vulnerable in society through the local authority housing fund, as well as injecting an additional £500 million into the affordable homes programme to deliver 5,000 new homes.
We are helping councils borrow from the Public Works Loan Board at a reduced cost until the end of 2025-26.
We need a steady supply of affordable homes as well as homes in the private rented sector.
Further to the question by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , it is easy to sound morally righteous while demanding ever higher standards, but if the housing market is wrecked, ultimately it will be the tenants who pay.
Will the Secretary of State answer my hon.
Friend’s question and tell us how she will ensure that the private rented sector remains investable so that tenants have somewhere to live?
A balance has to be struck.
People needs homes that are safe.
Is the right hon.
Gentleman saying that they do not want to provide homes of a decent standard?
The majority of landlords provide that decent homes standard, and it is a few who do not.
Where they do not, they need to be held accountable.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on using local growth funding to help increase economic growth.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on using local growth funding to help increase economic growth.
Local growth funding is crucial to our growth mission and to tackling regional inequalities.
The Government will set out a refreshed approach to local growth funding at the multiyear spending review in the spring.
That will end the beauty parades and short-term decision making and put local communities in charge of their own destiny, just as we committed to at the general election.
Ilford is a hub of regeneration, offering opportunities to independent businesses in new spaces such as Mercato Metropolitano.
Ilford has thousands of small and medium-sized businesses that make our high streets more vibrant and offer choice to locals.
What are the Government doing to support those businesses so that they can thrive on our local high streets?
As has been a theme of earlier questions, revitalising our high streets is a priority for this Government.
We have announced a number of measures, including permanently lowering business rate multipliers for retail, hospitality and leisure properties from 2026-27, introducing high street rental auctions and providing additional funding to tackle retail crime, all of which will support businesses and our high streets.
The Ayrshire growth deal, worth over a quarter of a billion pounds, has the potential to stimulate growth and create jobs across the region, yet local delivery of the ambition is slow and stagnant.
What message would the Minister send to spark action from the three Conservative-SNP run administrations in the region so that Ayrshire can realise its potential as a world-class business region?
I am sorry to hear that.
For our part, the UK Government are working closely with local partners and the Scottish Government to deliver the Ayrshire growth deal, which, as my hon.
Friend says, is worth over a quarter of a billion pounds.
As part of that, we are supporting a programme review so that, if any strategic changes are needed to ensure that the originally envisaged benefits are realised, they are made.
On the message that she asks for, we need to move at pace, exactly as the Government have committed to do, so that the people of Ayrshire get what was promised.
The villages and towns of Mid Norfolk are reeling from the cost of living crisis and the Government’s taxes attack on jobs and small businesses.
Rather than taxing rural areas and spending the money in the cities, may I suggest that Ministers allow rural councils to keep the proceeds of their growth and incentivise them to support businesses out in our rural communities, rather than allowing the Government to milk rural areas to spend the money in cities?
I cannot accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
This Government’s decisions—whether on the support going into rural communities and rural policing, or the different business rates reductions—show that we want to support businesses in those communities to thrive, and we will continue to do so.