The hugely increased housing target for East Hampshire gets further skewed by the extent of its overlap with a national park.
Will the Housing Minister meet me to discuss our unusual situation and the case for having two separately set housing targets?
There are issues in such cases, particularly around the data that is available, and we are in conversation with the Office for National Statistics about that.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
Residents in Oakwood, which is part of the city of Derby, are concerned about the impact that potential development on the last field adjoining Chaddesden wood would have on the rich biodiversity of this designated local nature reserve.
What steps are Ministers taking to ensure that we meet our much-needed housing targets while protecting nature and historic woodlands?
Ancient woodland and ancient and veteran trees are already strictly protected in national planning policy, while tree preservation orders safeguard individual trees or groups of trees of particular value.
It is for local planning authorities to apply the protections effectively as they have principal responsibility.
I am more than happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
My constituents, particularly in Great Glen, have just experienced devastating flooding.
Under the last Government, we opened up the flood recovery framework so that they could get grants to protect themselves.
When will they be able to access that money under this Government?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that these decisions are taken on a case-by-case basis, generally depending on the extent of damage from floods.
We will look at that closely.
I would be willing to talk to him to ensure that the accountability is there.
Tomorrow, it will be 1,000 days since the repeal of the Vagrancy Act 1824 was given Royal Assent, yet that outdated, vindictive and utterly ineffective Act is still driving people away from the support they need and into an already overloaded courts system.
There is no need for a replacement as existing antisocial behaviour laws are sufficient.
May I urge the Minister to please drop the peculiar and cautious civil service group-think?
We are 201 years on.
Will she advise when the commencement of the repeal will happen?
The Vagrancy Act is antiquated and no longer fit for purpose.
No one should be criminalised for sleeping rough on the streets.
We want to ensure that we avoid criminalising the most vulnerable, while also ensuring that the police and local authorities have the tools they need to make communities feel safe.
We are currently considering our next steps.
Will the Government look at redefining affordable housing in national policy so that it is pegged to average local income rather than at the whim of an overheated housing market?
We did make changes to some of the definitions around affordable housing in the recently revised national planning policy framework, by separating out the definition of social rent, but I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
I will certainly bear them in mind as we develop policy.
For fire safety remediation works for buildings over 11 metres, there is a cap on non-cladding costs and leaseholders are given 10 years to pay remediation costs.
However, my constituent in a building under 11 metres has been informed that he may have to pay costs within 12 months because the freeholder is a housing association and because of restrictions around credit and debt.
Will the Minister meet me to resolve the issue and allow some flexibility?
I would be very happy to take that meeting.
We approach buildings under 11 metres on a case-by-case basis to seek a solution.
I am happy to do so with my hon.
Friend.
Bathford village shop and café has become a lifeline for local people in my Bath community, but it is at risk of losing its premises.
The £150 million community ownership fund was crucial to sustaining these local assets.
Will the Minister comment on the future of the community ownership fund?
The community ownership fund came to an end with its round in December; the previous Government, of course, left no future funding for it.
The hon.
Lady knows that we have made a significant commitment around the community right to buy and a significant commitment around local growth funding.
Future ownership funds will be a matter for the multi-year spending review in the spring.
It was freezing over the weekend in York.
Despite working with North Yorkshire emergency accommodation services, I was unable to find accommodation for a very vulnerable constituent of mine.
Will the Minister ensure that in the homelessness review we hold local authorities to account and that no resident’s case is put in the “too difficult to manage” box?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that deeply troubling set of circumstances.
We will not only ensure an immediate response through the funding that we are providing, but ensure that we bring to our cross-Government strategy the perspectives and experiences of those who are affected.
The Planning Inspectorate has overturned the democratic decision of Walsall council and decided to allow a battery energy storage system to go ahead at Chapel Lane in my constituency, a green-belt site in a historical open space.
As this creates a dangerous precedent, will the Secretary of State clarify whether we will see more of this under her new policies on the grey belt?
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that we cannot comment on live or concluded decisions, as to do so would prejudice them.
Our policy on grey belt and on how grey belt is released is set out in full in our response to the NPPF consultation.
Recently, I visited the Royal Mail delivery office in Huyton.
Posties spoke to me about serious problems with low-level letterboxes, including bad back and joint issues and an increase in  bad dog attacks.
One postie even showed me scars across his hand from a dog attack.
Will the Minister meet me, the Communication Workers Union and posties to discuss the matter in regard to new builds?
Hear, hear!
Not least with a view to making myself the most popular Member of the House, I will happily do so.
On Friday, I met the leader of Wiltshire council, who asserts that the way the Government have calculated the distribution of compensation between in-house and commissioned services means that Wiltshire has not fared well in the local government settlement that was announced on  18 December .
Will the Minister meet me so that I can better understand the thinking and relay it back to the leader of my council?
We know that local government is feeling the pressures after 14 years that did not bode well for local and public services.
We understand the pressures associated with national insurance, which is why the Treasury has committed £515 million to support councils in that endeavour.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman about his particular circumstance.
Are the Government considering compensation schemes for homeowners who have suffered financial losses due to reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in their properties?
If so, I am especially interested in the Barnett impact for the Scottish Government of any such scheme, as I have constituents from Tillicoultry whose lives have been seriously impacted.
As my hon.
Friend alluded to, RAAC is a devolved matter.
The responsibility for ensuring that buildings are safe is, of course, that of the owner, but we keep RAAC under active consideration in case any support is needed.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry on the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
At Teignbridge district council, I oversaw the commencement of council house building for the first time in 30 years.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and others to discuss what can be done to make it easier for other councils to build more council homes?
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for that work.
We want councils to be able to contribute to council housing.
I will happily get the Housing Minister to meet the hon.
Gentleman.