We must stand with Ukraine for the long haul.
The Ukrainian people must be in charge of their own destiny.
If the UK’s new pledge is to be real, it must address the uncertainty generated by President Trump.
The Prime Minister’s 100-year commitment must outlast the President’s desire for a quick deal in his first 100 days.
Order.
I remind the Front Benches of the set times that they are meant to stick to.
Can they please look at this and make sure they get it right next time?
I am very grateful to  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller)  for his questions and their bipartisan spirit.
We welcome the bipartisan support that we eventually got from the United States after a lot of lobbying, including from my predecessor.
It should not be forgotten that it was a £61 billion package to support Ukraine, notwithstanding the work that Europe is currently doing.
It is also important to say that Europe now shoulders two thirds of all aid to Ukraine, including over half of all military aid.
In President Trump, we find someone who has been consistent in urging those colleagues across Europe who are still not spending 2% of GDP on defence.
Since Roosevelt, successive US Presidents have raised this.
When President Trump first came to office,  just six countries were meeting their commitment.
By the time he left, it was 18.
That must be something we can welcome.
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to look at my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary’s announcements in December in relation to procurement and the assistance we will continue to give to Ukraine, and on the ease with which Ukraine can now use our processes to get the equipment it needs to modernise its systems.
The UK will provide £2.26 billion of additional support to Ukraine as part of the G7 extraordinary revenue acceleration loan scheme, which will be repaid using the profits of frozen Russian sovereign assets, and that must be welcome.
The hon.
Gentleman also mentioned the JEF, which is hugely important.
The support from the Baltic nations is extraordinary.
The JEF is a very important partnership, and it has been one of the most proactive groupings in support of Ukraine.
All JEF nations have signed their own bilateral security agreements with Ukraine.
JEF nations are some of Ukraine’s strongest supporters and will continue to be so.
I also commend to the hon.
Gentleman the Interflex training that we are doing with Ukraine, which we have said will continue until the end of this year.
I am proud of my constituents in Hampstead and Highgate who opened their doors to Ukrainian refugees, and those at South Hampstead synagogue who offered free history and English lessons.
Last year, I met some of those refugees to talk about the enormous cultural contribution they are making to our country.
Turning to the pillar 9 of the partnership, what is the Foreign Secretary doing to ensure those who have been forced to flee their homes retain cultural links with their country and preserve their sense of heritage?
I am grateful to take my hon.
Friend’s question and to see her back in her place.
She is right to commend the work of her constituents in offering their homes to Ukrainian families, as many of our constituents are doing.
Three years into this war, it is important that we commend their efforts.
Under pillar 9, which is about the strong people-to-people links that exist across the country, we are working with the Premier League and the British Council to help young people in Ukraine to develop the skills, education and confidence needed for them to be assets in society, and to promote the power of the English language.
Over time, I hope we will see the power of the Ukrainian language in our country and our schools.
I find myself thanking the right hon.
Gentleman for the second time in quick succession for his gracious recognition of the work done by his Conservative predecessors, including me.
I am reminded of conversations I have had with President Zelensky and, particularly, Prime Minister Shmyhal about our collective desire that when the scars and pain of the conflict have diminished, the bond of friendship between the UK and Ukraine is maintained.
To that end, what can the Government do now to make it easier to de-risk some British-based businesses and potential investors going to Ukraine to start the rebuilding work now, in preparation for that glorious day when  Russia is ejected from Ukraine sovereign territory and the Ukrainians can properly start to rebuild their homeland once again?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
As he knows, friendships can exist across the House, and I have greatly valued his over the years.
I put on record my thanks for the work he did; I know this partnership was first mentioned in a meeting he had with the former Member for Welwyn Hatfield and I am pleased to be able to take that work forward.
The idea he mentions is a good one.
He will be pleased that one of the things that flowed from the Prime Minister’s trip to Ukraine is the possibility of such a delegation to Ukraine, perhaps led by a Business Minister, at some point in the future, when it feels safe to make such a visit.
That will mean we can assess the opportunities, which go well beyond Kyiv.
A huge industrial base existed in Ukraine before the war.
There are huge opportunities because it is “the bread basket of Europe” and because of the innovation present in the country, which a lot of people do not realise, that has led to one of the biggest drone industries on the planet.