One strategy that councils use to address homelessness is to move homeless households elsewhere in the country.
That can be an appropriate response, but it needs to be done in consultation with the receiving authority.
Does the Minister share my concern that Labour-led Rushmoor council is using the standards procedure to attack its own members for bringing this legitimate matter of concern to public attention?
The shadow Minister will be aware that the shortage of housing is driving out-of-area placements.
I am very happy to come back to him on his specific example, but the Deputy Prime Minister has written to councils setting out their responsibilities and that out-of-area placements should be a last resort.
We will continue to work with councils to support them as they deal with the challenge of the underlying problem, which is the housing shortage and the crisis that has been left behind.
We are determined to ensure that we get a grip by providing the support they need with funding, as well as the 1.5 million homes that this Government are determined to build.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the English devolution Bill on local public services.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the English devolution Bill on local public services.
The English devolution Bill will strengthen public services by delivering local government reorganisation and establishing more directly elected mayors, who will have the new power to convene public services.
The Bill will also deliver a new health improvement duty for strategic authorities, and enable more mayors to take on responsibility for police and crime commissioner functions, and health functions as well, to co-ordinate better on local public services.
Beyond mayors, the White Paper reasserts the role of local authorities as leaders of place and the delivery arm for the Government’s missions.
The catastrophic impact of the level of debt left behind by the previous Conservative council is being felt all over Thurrock.
Our services have been cut to the absolute quick, and delivery for residents is at an all-time low.
Although I welcome the impact that devolution will have on growth and value for money, what reassurances can the Minister offer that devolution will finally give us the chance to turn the page and deliver where it matters for my constituents?
That is a shared ambition.
The Government are determined to take power away from Westminster and put it into the hands of local communities.
We know that driving better outcomes and better public services rests on fair funding, and for too long councils have been impoverished, while more expectations have been placed on them.
The funding reforms we are consulting on will be part of rebuilding the foundations, but this is a very significant project to get power away from this place to local communities.
English devolution provides a generational opportunity to unlock the potential of towns such as Nuneaton.
I thank the Minister for his time and support in ensuring we get these options right.
Will he continue to meet me and council representatives to discuss the best options for unlocking growth and opportunity in Nuneaton?