I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the case.
He will be aware that we are acting as quickly as possible to support local authorities to provide the necessary support to those affected, such as his constituent.
Many residents of West Suffolk who live in new build homes put up with management companies that fail to do the basic things expected of them, from sorting out roads and planting trees to maintaining shared spaces.
They often pass the buck to the developers, who pass it back again.
What plans have the Government to get to grips with these cowboy companies?
As I made clear in a previous answer, we remain committed to protecting residential freeholders on these estates from unfair charges.
This year, we will consult on implementing the consumer protection provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, which will cover up to 1.75 million homes subject to those charges.
We intend to bring the measures into force as quickly as possible.
I am more than happy to discuss the matter further with the hon.
Gentleman.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, there are 160,000 children in temporary accommodation, and in many cases the definition of “temporary” is being stretched to breaking point.
Does she agree that the Government’s homelessness strategy needs to look specifically at the outcomes for children who have experienced long-term or repeated spells in temporary accommodation?
I absolutely agree.
That is why we have an inter-ministerial group—we are determined to tackle homelessness.
This is not just about children in temporary accommodation; it affects every single aspect of their lives and outcomes.
With our opportunities mission, we are determined to give every child the best possible outcome.
The New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill—the sunshine Bill—received a sunny disposition from all sides of the House   among the private Members’ Bills we debated on Friday.
In the upcoming uprating of building regulations, will the Housing Minister confirm that solar generation will be part of the requirements for all new houses?
The Government’s position was set out in some detail on Friday when I responded to the debate on the private Member’s Bill.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, I am in conversation with the promoter of that Bill,  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , to shape the design of the future standards that we are bringing forward.
In Scotland, we have record levels of children living in temporary accommodation without a home to call their own.
Some 10,000 children have been left homeless on the SNP Government’s watch.
The SNP is taking Scotland in the wrong direction.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Scotland needs a new direction and a Scottish Labour Government in 2026?
Yes.
Suffolk has a huge flooding problem.
Part of the problem has been driven by overdevelopment in low-lying rural areas.
In her steps to reform the planning system—as well as building more houses, which I totally accept we need to do—can the Secretary of State promise to force councils and developers to properly account for flood risk, ensure that developers are held accountable to residents when developments are badly impacted by floods, and ensure that housing targets favour homes built in dense urban areas?
As I have made clear, we are prioritising development on previously developed brownfield land wherever possible, and we encourage local authorities to look to that option in the first instance.
We have made changes to the NPPF to clarify flood risk and issues that relate to it.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will be more than happy to look at the specifics in his area in more detail.