We share the Government’s ambition on local growth, but Companies House is reporting the highest level of business closures in 20 years.
Will the Government commit to publishing an assessment of the impact that their national insurance rises, business rates rises and changes to business property relief are having on local growth plans?
I have no doubt that the Opposition will have all the information they need to scrutinise the Government of the day—we always provide that with full transparency.
What I will not accept is that the sand our economy was built on after the past four years, under the Conservative Government of the shadow Minister and the shadow Secretary of State, is somehow  this Government’s failure.
In reality, the hon.
Gentlemen knows, exactly as we do, that we are fixing the mess that they left.
Of course, they will have the chance to oppose us along the way, but we will get on with delivering for the British people, and they will get on with carping from the sidelines.
I know where I would rather be.
If she will take steps to support social housing providers to fund houses made available under section 106 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990.
I recognise that social housing providers need support to build their capacity and make a greater contribution to affordable housing supply, including via section 106.
To assist in that, we have proposed a new five-year social housing rent settlement and permitted councils to keep all their right-to-buy receipts.
I know that my hon.
Friend is committed to increasing the provision of social housing.
In the past few years, most social housing has been provided through section 106 agreements.
According to the National Housing Federation, thousands of houses around the country are available but cannot be purchased under section 106 agreements because registered social landlords simply do not have the resources.
I am sure that he is aware of that problem, but does he have any plans to deal with it and bring those houses, which are badly needed, back into use?
The Government certainly recognise the ongoing challenge posed by the reduced appetite of registered providers of social housing to buy affordable homes delivered under section 106 agreements.
As I hope my hon.
Friend is aware, the Homes England section 106 affordable housing clearing service was launched back in December alongside the revised national planning policy framework, with the aim of supporting buyers and sellers of section 106 homes to find each other more effectively.
We are calling on all developers with uncontracted section 106 affordable homes, as well as providers and local planning authorities, to engage proactively with that new service.
We will consider what further measures may be necessary to address the problem, informed by data from that service.
Private developers in my constituency have obligations to build social homes under section 106, and they are ready to do so.
The difficulty they face is that there is no social landlord available to take those units.
When I raised this issue with the Deputy Prime Minister in October, she said that she was aware of the problem and was working to tackle it.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress made?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman heard my previous answer, but I have just made it clear that we acted on  12 December  to establish a matching service.
I would advise him to ask the developers whether they have taken advantage of that service.
We want to learn lessons from the data that comes out of it to see whether we need to take further steps.
We think that the matching service will allow registered providers and developers trying to offload section 106 units to come together to see if agreements can be reached.
What plans her Department has for local government reorganisation in Devon.
On  16 December , I wrote to all councils in two-tier areas and neighbouring smaller unitaries, including in Devon, to set out plans for a joint programme of devolution and local government reorganisation.
Later this month, I intend to formally write out to those councils on the shortlist to ask for interim proposals by March and fuller proposals later in the year.
We will confirm that as soon as possible, because we know it is important to have clarity.
Obviously, any reorganisation will impact council finances.
My constituency of North Devon has coastal towns with real pockets of remote deprivation, isolation and poverty.
Now that the Minister’s Department has cut the rural services delivery grant, what methodology will be used to ensure that local government funding does not overlook those areas?
With respect, the hon.
Gentleman is conflating two entirely separate issues.
One is reorganisation, which will take money away from the back office and put it on the frontline where people can see the benefit of that investment, but to be absolutely clear on rural services, the provisional settlement that was laid out ensures that primarily rural councils get an average increase of 5%, and no council sees a net reduction in its income levels.
That is our commitment to rural communities, and it is firm.