The Prime Minister saw at first hand what our work together can mean for the people of Ukraine, while visiting a burns unit supported by specialist national health service doctors, helping them to treat victims of indiscriminate Russian attacks and joining a Ukrainian class speaking to a primary school in Liverpool.
It is these young people who will reap the rewards of the efforts we are making today.
A partnership lasting 100 years, beyond the lifetime of even the youngest Members of this House, is unprecedented, but it reflects the unique nature of our friendship—a friendship that Members on all sides did so much to strengthen.
I pay particular tribute to the work of my predecessors  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly) , the noble Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton and the former Member for Welwyn Hatfield for their work under the previous Government in supporting this partnership.
This cross-party unity is a source of strength for our country and a source of strength for Ukraine.
It is a unity that goes well beyond this House.
Members will have witnessed it in their constituencies, from the more than 200,000 Ukrainians who have found refuge in our homes to the countless Ukrainian flags flying proudly outside churches and town halls across the country.
This Government have shown strong support for Ukraine since our first day in office.
For my part, I have called out Putin’s modern-day imperialism in the United Nations Security Council, I have been using the full force of our sanctions against Putin’s war machine, with the UK having led the way in sanctioning Putin’s shadow fleet, and I announced over £600 million in humanitarian and fiscal support during my own visit to Kyiv in September.
My ministerial colleagues have been playing their full part as well.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Defence has accelerated the delivery of military aid, extended our training of Ukrainian soldiers to at least the end of the year and signed a defence industrial treaty with Ukraine, allowing it to draw on £3.5 billion of UK export finance to acquire military equipment.
This month, legislation introduced by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor came into force, enabling a loan of over £2 billion more to Ukraine, all of it repaid through the use of profits from frozen Russian assets.
That funding comes on top of the Government’s commitment, made by the Prime Minister in our first week in office, to provide £3 billion a year in military aid in every year that it is needed.
We do not know for how long it will be needed; it is for Ukraine to decide at what point and in what way to have any form of talks with Russia, and Ukraine will continue to need support from its friends even after Putin’s barbaric, illegal war comes to an end.
We have always said that we want to see a just and lasting peace, but our priority right now, together with our allies, is to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position to achieve that.
Three things are clear.
First, Ukrainians want to live at peace with their neighbour.
They did not provoke this war, whatever the false claims of the Kremlin or its army of bots online, but now that Putin’s mafia state is preying on them, they are fighting back courageously.
Their cause is just: quite simply, the freedom to choose their own future.
Secondly, Putin shows no sign of wanting peace.
He could end this war tomorrow by withdrawing from Ukraine, yet he insists that the war will not end until he has achieved his objectives—objectives that amount to the subjugation of the Ukrainian people.
That is no basis for meaningful dialogue, and Putin’s actions speak far louder than his twisted words: inhuman strikes on civilians on Christmas Day, dispatching North Korean troops to the frontline, and wave after wave of attacks on the brave people of Ukraine.
Finally, Putin’s position is not one of strength.
The invasion has been a monumental strategic failure, and pressure is mounting.
Russia’s casualty rate is staggering, the highest number of military casualties that the country has suffered since the second world war, and Russia is more insecure than it was before the war—and for what?
Russia gained some territory last year, yes: fields and small settlements, left barren by relentless bombardment, and taken at a rate so slow that the Russians would need a century to conquer all of Ukraine.
Meanwhile, their economy struggles increasingly to sustain the war through this year alone.
Spiralling inflation is making basic goods such as butter unaffordable, welfare cuts are hitting the most vulnerable, and interest rates have been hiked to a record 21%.
We are approaching the third anniversary of this conflict, and, as the Prime Minister said in Kyiv, we must not let up now.
Putin hopes that the world lacks his resolve, and we need to call his bluff to prove him wrong.
This is not simply a moral necessity, although I know that the whole House has moral clarity on the righteousness of supporting Ukraine.
It is also a strategic necessity for Britain and our allies.
If Putin wins in Ukraine, the post-war order founded in great part by my predecessor Ernie Bevin, which has kept us all safe for more than eight decades, will be seriously undermined.
Foundational principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity will be shaken, and a more dangerous world will result.
That is why the Government will not falter, it is why the Prime Minister travelled to Kyiv, and it is why we stand firmly with Ukraine, today, tomorrow, and for generations to come.
I commend this statement to the House.