as he spoke of how he farmed and left some of the bounties in the field.
Ralph was colorful and strong in his language when he asked me and others in leadership if we would stand with the people and the places we all loved.
(You all are laughing because you can hear him now.)
The lands we love don't fight for themselves.
They need leaders like Ralph who understand our ``herencia (heritage), cultura (culture), y futuro (future)''), to organize the parciantes, organize the meetings, organize the hikes, and the advocacy.
He was a tireless advocate for an array of conservation issues, from the Caja del Rio to our beloved acequias to protecting the Pecos watershed.
There aren't many people in the Pecos Valley or in the conservation community who don't know the great Ralph Vigil because if there was ever a problem to fix or knowledge to learn, he was the person to call.
New Mexico is blessed with a beautiful landscape.
Ralph understood this better than anyone because there wasn't a day he wasn't recording footage or capturing photos of this beauty.
His social media was sprinkled with beautiful sunsets and sunrises, clean flowing water, and the oasis of green that evokes awe in our desert landscape.
With his collaboration and leadership, some of the victories for our cultura, herencia y futuro include the moratorium on mineral development on state trust lands in the Pecos with Stephanie Garcia Richards, the two-year protection of the Pecos River Watershed from mining claims put in place by Secretary Haaland, and the inspiration he gave to leaders from Santa Fe to
D.C. Love is at its most powerful when it is unconditional when nothing is asked in return and setbacks and faults do not diminish the passion.
Ralph loved New Mexico's lands and people unconditionally.
Ralph was connected to the land and people of Northern New Mexico as if there were an umbilical cord that was never severed.
He was connected to the land through his farming, his gentle care of acequias, and his protection of the watershed that in turn protected the water that is our lifeline.
He embodied the definition of querencia (no translation-- a place where one feels safe, happy, and strong, a place where they can truly be themselves).
He was a son, a father, a brother, an uncle and friend that everyone could look to for leadership and wisdom.
Like so many, I cried when I learned of his passing.
I am honored to recognize the legacy that is Ralph Vigil.
We are living through a historic moment where we need leaders like Ralph whose ability to transcend and translate is needed more than ever.
His legacy will not only live on in his beloved rural communities but, today, also in the records of our great Nation--a Nation that Ralph made endlessly better during his incredible life.