Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Sunayana Dumala is an Indian immigrant who moved to the United States in 2007 to pursue her master's degree, hopeful about building a new future and achieving the American Dream.
While working as a data integration engineer in Olathe, Kansas, her life was tragically altered on February 22, 2017, when her husband, Srinivas Kuchibhotla, was murdered in a hate crime that shocked the Nation.
In the face of unimaginable loss, Sunayana chose to rise with purpose.
She emerged as a leading advocate for immigrants, founding the Forever Welcome Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to supporting immigrant and refugee communities through advocacy, education, and programs that foster unity and bridge diverse communities.
Through Forever Welcome, Sunayana leads dialogue workshops that create space for understanding and connection between immigrants and non-immigrants, and runs a family support program that provides emergency assistance to refugee and low-income immigrant families.
Her advocacy has extended to national platforms.
She has worked with Immigration Voice to advance policy solutions for high-skilled immigrants and participated in campaigns like Spread AAPI Love by Stop AAPI Hate.
She has also been featured in national documentaries, including PBS's ``Healing Hate'' and ABC's ``Divided States: Olathe,'' which highlight her journey and the broader fight against hate.
Sunayana's work has earned her honors, including the Heart Award by Med Ad News, the Peace Award from the Crescent Peace Society, and the Humanitarian Award from the Olathe Human Relations Commission.
Apart from focusing on her foundation, since relocating to Lake Nona, Florida, in 2022, 
Ms. Dumala has been actively involved with Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders Coming Together (ACT), a nonprofit organization dedicated to civic engagement and community empowerment.
Through her work with ACT, she is helping increase civic engagement and voter awareness across Central Florida.
Sunayana's story is especially remarkable considering that when tragedy struck, she had no immediate family in America, was not born here and was still learning the nuances of American culture.
In the face of devastating loss, she had a choice: to turn away from the country that had become her home, or to stay and fight against hate.
Her journey is a testament to resilience, compassion, and a deep commitment to building a country where everyone has a place to belong.