Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of a fellow patriot and beloved editor of the Republican Briefs, Mrs. Florence ``Frosty'' Taylor.
Two weeks ago, Arizona lost a dear friend.
With two beautiful children, two grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and a husband of 68 years, Frosty lived a life full of love, service, and passion for adventure.
She would never lie idle when there was more work to be done for our country.
Born on April 7, 1937, Frosty grew up on her grandfather's cattle ranch in South Dakota and married her high school sweetheart.
In 1964, she won the 
Mrs. Nebraska pageant and subsequently embarked on a career in public media.
Beginning as a columnist, she quickly advanced to the position of editor and earned the titles of first female reporter to ride in a Phoenix Police helicopter and honorary Phoenix firefighter.
After great success in the media industry, Frosty worked in the Arizona Attorney General's office and the Arizona Game and Fish Department Heritage Fund.
But Frosty's true service was performed within her community.
She served as President of the Wickenburg Republican Club and was one of her district's precinct committeewomen and state committeeman, while reporting Arizona news as editor of the Republican Briefs, a role from which she retired only this past August.
She had a thirst for knowledge, but not for her own benefit.
Whether it was working for the media or humbly publishing a 500-page family cookbook, Frosty strived to share all she learned with others.
Every time we met, she amazed me.
She knew politics through and through, from the local to the national level.
If you visit the Republican Briefs website, you will find countless testimonies to Frosty's advocacy on behalf.
On November 4, 2023, Frosty passed away at the vivacious age of 86.
Although this is a time of mourning, her life and legacy will be celebrated for years to come.
She will be remembered as a woman of principle, but most of all, a long-time supporter and friend of mine.
When you have a friend in Frosty, you have a friend indeed.