Their first race was at Disneyland, where Jordan dressed up as

Captain America because he loved superheroes and would often talk about

showing support for firefighters, police and military members.
Jordan broke a world record by doing seven marathons in seven

continents by the age of 10.
As he's gotten older, Jordan's mindset

about showing his support to military and first responders has remained

the same.
When races were canceled due to the pandemic, Jordan found

the walks to be another way to express that support.
When Jordan first began his appreciation walks in September 2020, his

father, Dimas Ramirez, created an Instagram account to document the

journey, called ``thankyouforyourservicewalk.''
The account has connected Jordan with many of the departments they

have honored, and continues to be a means for other first responder

departments' requests to build morale.
Jordan's purpose behind the walks is two-fold: to thank first

responders for their service, and to show appreciation and respect for

what they do.
The walks are different from the marathons he's run

because with those, he would ``usually just run for the fun of it, but

the walks . . .
it's doing something else for our military and first

responders.''
Most of these walks are in southern California, but the walks have

also taken him to San Francisco, New York City, and Washington, D.C.

Jordan is currently a high school sophomore and working on his next

goals: earning a nomination to the Naval Academy to become an officer

in the Marine Corps and then to become a firefighter.
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

incredible contributions and patriotism of Jordan Ramirez.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 19, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO BILL ZIMMERMAN

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Bill

Zimmerman, who is completing his term as mayor of the city of Menifee,

California.
Bill has been a true leader in Riverside County for decades

and served as an effective advocate whose many tireless efforts to

better our region will be missed.
Bill attended Vanguard University in Costa Mesa, California from 1981

to 1984.
In 1989, along with his wife Julie, Bill purchased a new home

in the community of Menifee.
After the town incorporated in 2008, Bill

was appointed to serve on its first Planning Commission.
He also served

on the City's Parks, Recreation & Trails Commission.
Bill was first

elected to serve on the Menifee City Council in 2012 to represent

District 3.
In 2020, Bill was elected to serve as Menifee's directly elected

mayor.
As mayor, Bill has worked tirelessly to support the

infrastructure and recreational opportunities required from a growing

residential community.
My office and I have been proud to work hand-in-

hand with Bill and city staff to support these efforts with federal

resources.