He has served on the Martinez City

Council since 1996 where he has been critical in fostering a strong

sense of community throughout the City.
During his time on Council, he

has worked to improve public safety, bolster Martinez's historic

downtown, and protect Martinez's open spaces and environment.
Further,

Mark has spent much of his time focusing on California's environment.
He played a critical role in the Alhambra Creek Restoration Project,

which has helped to protect the watershed and native plant life.
Additionally, Mark has served as a Director on the Bay Area Air Quality

Management District's (BAAQMD) board since 2001, where he has worked on

reducing emissions, supporting the health and safety of Bay Area

residents, and leading regional efforts to address the challenges

associated with climate change.
Please join me and Representative Garamendi in thanking Mark Ross for

his many contributions to our region and in congratulating him on his

well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TROY A. MILLER'S SERVICE TO THE U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER

PROTECTION AND THE NATION

HON.
MARK E. GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an

individual whose dedication and sacrifice have helped to secure our

Nation.
I would like to recognize Troy A. Miller, a remarkable

individual whose 31 years of service to this country have culminated in

his final role leading U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) as the

Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Commissioner.
In this

position, he directed CBP's 65,000 employees in executing its three

core missions of counterterrorism, border security, and trade

enforcement, while facilitating $4 trillion in trade and facilitating

travel of over 410 million people through ports of entry.
As he prepares to retire, I rise to recognize a career defined by

integrity, selflessness, and an unwavering commitment to public

service.
Every time he was asked to fill a critical leadership role, he

quickly answered the call and served with distinction.
I also want to extend my appreciation to his family who have

supported him throughout his incredible career.
I offer my sincere

thanks to his wife, Jennifer, and his daughter, Alexandria.
Troy led CBP, the Nation's largest law enforcement agency, through a

myriad of challenges, to include the COVID-19 pandemic, surges of

migration along the Nation's borders, and hurricane relief efforts.
Among his many notable achievements, Troy confronted the scourge of

fentanyl by evolving CBP to not only match but surpass the

sophistication and persistence of the criminal organizations

responsible for trafficking this lethal drug across our borders and

into our communities.
His efforts brought together coordinated

intelligence and special enforcement operations to find and intercept

fentanyl wherever it attempted to infiltrate our borders--whether in

cargo, among travelers, or through small packages.
Furthermore, he

extended these efforts beyond our borders, taking the fight to local

cartel leaders and dismantling the foreign supply chains responsible

for aiding the proliferation of this criminal activity.
Troy also made his mark as a true champion of the dedicated CBP

workforce.
He was not only a fierce advocate for the agency's

technology, infrastructure, and resource needs, but also a driving

force in fostering a culture that prioritized the health and well-being

of its people--CBP's greatest asset.
Troy recognized the critical

importance of mission readiness and understood the intense pressures

associated with a career at CBP.
He spearheaded the development and

expansion of CBP's workforce care program, making significant

investments in the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual health of

its personnel.
He focused on removing stigmas, delivering services

directly to employees across the Nation, and providing specialized

support to help CBP's workforce navigate the tough operational

situations they face every day.
Through his distinguished career at CBP, Troy made significant

advancements to the national and economic security of the United

States.