JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

accomplishments of Dr. Daniel N. Baker, who, for the last three

decades, has served as the Director of the Laboratory for Atmospheric

and Space Physics (LASP), one of the longest-established and top-funded

research institutes at the University of Colorado Boulder.
In this

position, Director Baker has been instrumental in advancing LASP and

the university into an epicenter of space science research and

aerospace workforce development crucial to Colorado and our Nation.
Director Baker simultaneously serves as a professor in three

University of Colorado Boulder departments, including Astrophysical and

Planetary Sciences, Aerospace Engineering Sciences, and Physics.
During

his tenure, Director Baker has published more than 900 papers, edited

nine books, and won numerous prestigious awards for his research and

leadership.
He also has continuously contributed to the international

advancement of topics in space physics.
Director Baker has built LASP into one of the top academic space

research centers and the only one in the world to send an instrument to

explore every planet in our solar system.
Under his leadership, LASP

grew from approximately 180 to 750 employees, about one-quarter of whom

are students.
Over the years, the institute has provided hands-on

training on numerous NASA missions for hundreds of CU Boulder students.
Some of these students have returned to LASP as employees, while others

now work at NASA centers and in aerospace businesses across the

country, extending Director Baker's legacy for decades to come.
Under his guidance, CU's laboratory has helped revolutionize our

understanding of the cosmos, conducting numerous important missions,

including NASA's Cassini mission to Saturn, the New Horizons mission to

Pluto, and SNOE, one of the space agency's first small satellite

missions.
Director Baker's contributions will continue to be felt in Colorado,

across the country, and throughout the world for decades to come.
I

want to congratulate him as he shifts to a new focus on space policy at

the university and thank him for his stellar service to our community,

Colorado, and the Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
ALFRED WILLIAMS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable life and legacy of Mr. Alfred Williams, a pioneer in the

world of professional bass fishing and an inspirational figure in the

ongoing struggle for racial equality in America.
Although federal laws and court rulings of the 1950's and 1960's

mandated racial desegregation, the reality on the ground in many parts

of the South, particularly in Jackson, Mississippi, remained starkly

different.
Persistent and often insurmountable barriers continued to

divide communities.
It was within this challenging environment that Mr.

Alfred Williams grew up, demonstrating resilience, quiet determination,

and extraordinary skill that would ultimately break barriers and

inspire generations.
After bravely serving our country in the Vietnam War, Mr. Williams

returned home and turned his attention to bass fishing.
Entering a

predominately white arena, he became a trailblazer, competing in bass

tournaments where he was often the only Black angler in the field.
Despite the obstacles he faced, he consistently demonstrated his talent

and tenacity, earning victories and accolades that spoke louder than

any words.
In 1983, Mr. Williams made history as the first Blank angler to

qualify for the Bassmaster Classic, the pinnacle of professional bass

fishing.
Competing against 42 of the world's best anglers on the Ohio

River in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he finished in an impressive 10th

place, surpassing legendary names like Hank Parker, Rick Clunn, Denny

Brauer, and Roland Martin.
This groundbreaking achievement opened doors

for future Black anglers, paving the way for figures such as Ish

Monroe, Mark Daniels Jr., and others to follow.
Mr. Williams was not only a pioneer in breaking racial barriers but

also a visionary innovator in the sport itself.
He is credited with

popularizing the use of hollow-body frogs in

bass fishing.