Title: HONORING CATHERINE (KATIE) RICE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
188

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CATHERINE (KATIE) RICE

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of more than

two decades of extraordinary public service by Catherine (Katie) Rice

to the County of Marin Board of Supervisors, as an aide, supervisor,

and president.
Supervisor Rice has deep roots in Marin County.
Raised in Mill

Valley, she graduated from Tamalpais High School and received degrees

in both Liberal Studies and English from Sonoma State University.
After

college, she worked as a journalist for several North Bay publications

and developed professional skills researching complex community issues.
She settled in San Anselmo where she raised her three children and

became an active community leader.
An effective advocate for high-quality education, land preservation,

and environmental stewardship, Supervisor Rice co-founded the Ross

Valley Schools Foundation, served on the Sleepy Hollow Homeowners

Association Board, and assisted in the creation of a master plan for

San Domenico School.
In 2003, Supervisor Rice expanded her public service work as an aide

to former Marin County Supervisor Hal Brown.
Her connections throughout

the greater Ross Valley community made her an important asset to

Supervisor Brown.
After helping him win reelection, he chose Supervisor

Rice to lead his office as Chief Aide, a role she held for eight years.
When Supervisor Brown was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2011, she

was appointed to his seat by Governor Jerry Brown.
She was then

officially selected by voters in 2012, 2016, and 2020.
Supervisor Rice is known for her critical thinking skills and

professional style, always applying informed decision making and

attention to the concerns of her constituents.
She doesn't shy away

from complicated issues.
She has taken lead roles in a multitude of

initiatives, including flooding in Ross Valley and developed a keen

understanding of how to work with agency partners such as the United

States Army Corp of Engineers.
Always steadfast in her values to protect our vulnerable communities,

she was largely responsible for the completion of major projects

including Project Homekey, permanent supportive housing in Larkspur,

and the establishment of the Marin Wildfire Protection Authority, which

organizes countywide wildfire prevention and preparedness efforts.
It was my privilege and honor to work with Supervisor Rice.
She is

not afraid to rise to the occasion and embrace complex challenges from

mitigating sea-level rise and greenhouse gas admissions to improving

community health and reducing homelessness.
I appreciate her

collaborative leadership style, strong work ethic, and wit.
Mr. Speaker, Katie Rice was a tireless advocate for Marin County and

her legacy cannot be overstated.
I respectfully ask that you join me in

expressing my sincere gratitude for her decades of good work and in

sending her best wishes on her next endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHANCELLOR DR.
PHIL DiSTEFANO'S CAREER OF LEADERSHIP IN

EDUCATION

HON.
JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Dr. Phil

DiStefano, a man whose 15 years of leadership as Chancellor of the

University of Colorado Boulder and a half-century of dedication to CU

Boulder have left an indelible mark on the university.
I've had the

privilege of witnessing firsthand the profound impact that Chancellor

DiStefano's leadership has had on CU and across our state.
Phil's journey is nothing short of inspiring.
A first-generation

college student from Steubenville, Ohio, his academic and professional

path has taken him from Ohio to the heights of leadership at one of our

Nation's top universities.
His journey is a testament to the

transformative power of education and the potential that lies within

each of us.
While he may have started in Ohio, Colorado is his home

today, and our state has greatly benefited from his presence.