A first-generation

college student from Steubenville, Ohio, his academic and professional

path has taken him from Ohio to the heights of leadership at one of our

Nation's top universities.
His journey is a testament to the

transformative power of education and the potential that lies within

each of us.
While he may have started in Ohio, Colorado is his home

today, and our state has greatly benefited from his presence.
Throughout his tenure as Chancellor, Dr. DiStefano was committed to

making CU Boulder a nationally recognized research institution that

shapes tomorrow's leaders and positively impacts society.
Under his

leadership, CU Boulder has awarded nearly 117,000 degrees and raised

over $2 billion in philanthropic gifts.
Through his work in technology

transfer, Chancellor DiStefano has paved the way for substantial growth

in the university, including the creation of 40 startup ventures and

the signing of 223 license and option agreements.
The university's research and innovation efforts have had a

significant influence not only on the local economy but also on the

entire Nation.
Over the past five years, CU Boulder's commercialization

activities alone generated a domestic economic impact of $1.9 billion,

supporting an estimated 11,545 jobs and contributing $1.2 billion to

the state's economy, and has ensured that CU Boulder remains at the

forefront of research.
As Dr. DiStefano transitions to his new role as Senior Executive

Director of the CU Boulder Center for Leadership, we know that his

legacy of student success, faculty excellence, and campus

sustainability has elevated CU Boulder to the top tier of academic

institutions, making it a beacon of excellence across the country.
I

want to personally express my gratitude to Chancellor DiStefano for his

service to our community, Colorado, and our Nation.
His contributions

will be felt for decades to come.
I thank Phil for his leadership and dedication to CU Boulder.
It has

been an honor to work alongside him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER DANIEL T. PETERSON

HON.
SUSIE LEE

Ms. LEE of Nevada.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the loss of

retired Chief Warrant Officer Daniel Peterson--a champion for southern

Nevada's veteran community.
Chief Peterson was a highly decorated Army Veteran and unrelenting

advocate for those around him.
After flying helicopters in the Army for more than 20 years, he came

home to serve as Commander of the Henderson Chapter of the Military

Order of the Purple Heart, be a member of the Henderson Vietnam

Veterans of America, and attend as many Unaccompanied Veterans Burial

Ceremonies as he could find.
He also attended every Veterans Treatment

Court graduation and never hesitated to offer his support to fellow

veterans in need.
To be clear: it is impossible to sum up Chief Peterson's decades of

service in just one speech on the House floor.
That's part of the

reason why I had the privilege of working with the Library of Congress

for his story to be part of the Veterans History Project.
But while he has too many medals to name here, I can say this: Chief

Peterson, you were a mentor, leader, a friend, a protector, and a

servant to both southern Nevada and our entire country.
We all owe him a debt of gratitude, and we will all miss him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
DANIEL N. BAKER FOR THREE DECADES OF OUTSTANDING

LEADERSHIP AND SCIENTIFIC ACHIEVEMENT

HON.
JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

accomplishments of Dr. Daniel N. Baker, who, for the last three

decades, has served as the Director of the Laboratory for Atmospheric

and Space Physics (LASP), one of the longest-established and top-funded

research institutes at the University of Colorado Boulder.
In this

position, Director Baker has been instrumental in advancing LASP and

the university into an epicenter of space science research and

aerospace workforce development crucial to Colorado and our Nation.