He spearheaded the development and

expansion of CBP's workforce care program, making significant

investments in the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual health of

its personnel.
He focused on removing stigmas, delivering services

directly to employees across the Nation, and providing specialized

support to help CBP's workforce navigate the tough operational

situations they face every day.
Through his distinguished career at CBP, Troy made significant

advancements to the national and economic security of the United

States.
Between December 2021 and November 2022, Troy served as CBP's Deputy

Commissioner, the agency's senior career official, responsible for

overseeing the daily operations of CBP's expansive mission.
Prior to his role as Deputy Commissioner, Troy served as the

Director, Field Operations for CBP's New York Field Office where he was

responsible for CBP's national security, anti-terrorism, immigration,

agriculture, and trade enforcement operations at two of the country's

busiest international airports--John F. Kennedy International Airport

and Newark Liberty International Airport--the East Coast's largest

container seaport in New York/Newark, and CBP's Pharmaceutical, Health

and Chemicals Center of Excellence and Expertise.
Troy also served as the first Executive Director of the CBP National

Targeting Center, where he expanded CBP's targeting, research, and

analysis capabilities, and strengthened interagency and international

coordination to screen, vet, and mitigate high-risk cargo and

travelers.
He established Counter Network and Counterterrorism

Divisions within the National Targeting Center, transforming CBP's

approach to identifying threat actors and dismantling the transnational

criminal and terrorist networks that support them.
Under his

leadership, and pursuant to National Security Presidential Memorandum-

9, the National Vetting Center was established as an interagency

solution for vetting support and strategically located at the National

Targeting Center.
To this day, Troy's national security targeting

expertise is recognized worldwide.
From 2013 to 2015, Troy served as the Acting Assistant Commissioner,

Office of Intelligence and Investigative Liaison, where he initiated an

organizational restructuring in direct support of field components and

border enforcement entities that partner with them and promoted

initiatives to transcend physical borders.
In addition, he has held

numerous leadership positions including Assistant Port Director,

Seattle; Director of Targeting and Analysis, Office of Intelligence and

Operations Coordination; and Director of the National Targeting Center-

Passenger.
Troy began his federal career with the U.S. Customs Service in 1993

as a Customs Inspector.
He received the Distinguished Executive

Presidential Rank Award in 2016 and was awarded the Meritorious

Executive Presidential Rank Award in 2021.
Troy's 31 years of devoted service to our great Nation is a shining

example of a life to which we should all aspire and is deserving of our

gratitude.
His meaningful contributions to CBP have strengthened the

organization and his legacy will be the foundation for future leaders.
Troy will be missed, but we wish him well as he enters this new chapter

of life alongside Jennifer and Alexandria.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JUDY CHU

Ms. CHU.
Mr. Speaker, on February 13, 2024, I was unable to cast my

vote on:

H. Res.
863--Impeaching Alejandro Nicholas Mayorkas, Secretary of

Homeland Security, for high crimes and misdemeanors.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
43.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PATRIOTISM OF JORDAN RAMIREZ

HON.
GRACE F. NAPOLITANO

Mrs. NAPOLITANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the patriotism of

Jordan Ramirez.
Jordan Ramirez resides in La Puente with his parents and older

sister.
He and his family started participating in 5K races when Jordan

was 4.
Their first race was at Disneyland, where Jordan dressed up as

Captain America because he loved superheroes and would often talk about

showing support for firefighters, police and military members.
Jordan broke a world record by doing seven marathons in seven

continents by the age of 10.
As he's gotten older, Jordan's mindset

about showing his support to military and first responders has remained

the same.