This groundbreaking achievement opened doors

for future Black anglers, paving the way for figures such as Ish

Monroe, Mark Daniels Jr., and others to follow.
Mr. Williams was not only a pioneer in breaking racial barriers but

also a visionary innovator in the sport itself.
He is credited with

popularizing the use of hollow-body frogs in

bass fishing.
His innovative techniques, including modifications to

weight, hook, settings, and lure design, revolutionized the

effectiveness of these baits.
These innovations were so impactful that

Snag Proof incorporated them into its tournament models, further

cementing his legacy in the sport.
Over the course of his extraordinary career, Alfred Williams competed

in nearly 300 BASSMASTER and FLW events, achieving four pro-level

victories, more than 200 tournament wins on Ross Barnett Reservoir, and

numerous Top 10 finishes.
Beyond his personal achievements, Mr.

Williams has dedicated himself to mentoring and inspiring other African

American anglers in Mississippi and across the Nation, becoming a

beacon of hope and perseverance.
Mr. Speaker, Alfred Williams' legacy transcends the sport of bass

fishing.
He is a testament to the power of resilience, skill, and quiet

confidence in overcoming barriers and achieving excellence.
On behalf

of the people of Mississippi's 2nd Congressional District and the

entire Nation, I am honored to recognize and celebrate his

contributions to our society.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DAVID WINNACKER

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David

Winnacker as he retires from his role as Chief of the Moraga-Orinda

Fire District.
David has worked tirelessly to promote public safety and improve

quality of life for residents of the East Bay.
David served with the

Fresno Fire Department and Alameda Fire District before joining the

Moraga-Orinda Fire District (MOFD) in 2017.
David also served in the

Marine Corps and remains in the Marine Corps Reserves.
He has earned

the rank of Colonel, serving as the Commanding Officer for the Fourth

Reconnaissance Company and as the Deputy Commander of the Twenty-Third

Marine Regiment.
During his time with MOFD, David has shown his dedication to

mitigating wildfire risk and making our community safer.
Under his

leadership, MOFD developed a strategic plan to implement early warning

systems and provide real-time fire spread modeling.
He has worked to

expand MOFD's outreach to the community, providing critical education

and resources to property owners to implement fuels mitigation

techniques at their homes.
Further, he was worked collaboratively with

local elected officials, insurance industry representatives, and other

key stakeholders to improve emergency preparedness throughout the fire

district.
David's efforts have been critical in reducing wildfire risk

and keeping residents safe.
Please join me in congratulating Chief Winnacker on his well-deserved

retirement after years of outstanding service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF

MARK ROSS

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with Representative

John Garamendi to recognize Mark Ross as he retires from his role with

the Martinez City Council.
Throughout his life, Mark has been a strong advocate for the City of

Martinez in California and has worked tirelessly to improve the lives

of Contra Costa residents.
Mark grew up in Martinez, attending Alhambra

High School, and earned his degree in English Literature from UC

Berkeley.
He went on to start Ross Company Realtors where he has helped

guide clients through Contra Costa's real estate market for the last 30

years.
Mark has been a devoted public servant and has continually shown his

commitment to Martinez residents.
He has served on the Martinez City

Council since 1996 where he has been critical in fostering a strong

sense of community throughout the City.
During his time on Council, he

has worked to improve public safety, bolster Martinez's historic

downtown, and protect Martinez's open spaces and environment.
Further,

Mark has spent much of his time focusing on California's environment.