One reason why England’s schools rose up the international league tables in recent years is that they spent more time on core academic subjects such as English and maths.
Having fallen sharply under the last Labour Government, the share of pupils doing double or triple science at GCSE has also gone up from 70% to 98%.
Can the Minister reassure the House that time will not be taken away from the core academic subjects, and that their content will not be cut back, as a result of the curriculum review?
The Government entered office to unprecedented challenges, including crumbling public services and crippling public finances.
In the face of a significant financial black hole we are taking tough decisions to fix the foundations, but we are protecting key education priorities, rebuilding schools and rolling out breakfast clubs, and we will continue to do so.
What steps she is taking to increase funding for SEND provision.
What steps she is taking to ensure adequate levels of high needs block funding.
The Government inherited a “lose, lose, lose” SEND situation.
The Tories even described it as such in their own words, with the Deputy Chief Whip saying that they should hang their heads in shame over what they left behind.
Since entering government, Labour has restructured the Department to put SEND at its heart.
We have invested £1 billion into services, and £740 million to create additional specialist places.
But we are under no illusions that reform to the system is desperately needed, and we have brought in expert advisers to help us achieve that.
In London alone, the deficit for this year is estimated to be £313.8 million, but that will grow to £502 million next year unless more money is put in.
Clearly, there is a problem that we need to address.
Ideally, those with special educational needs should be taught in mainstream education.
However, it is much cheaper for local authorities to have in-house provision and special needs schools in the borough, rather than send children to another more expensive borough.
Harrow was granted a new special educational needs school under the last Government.
Will the Minister confirm that it will proceed?
It has the support of all the headteachers and cross-party support.
The hon.
Gentleman described the challenge that resulted from 14 years under the previous Government.
We recognise the strain that the rising cost of SEND provision is putting on local government, which is why we will be setting out plans to reform the SEND system, with further details to come this year, including how local authorities will be supported to manage their historical and accruing deficits.
Decisions on new school provision and buildings will also be made in due course.
Has the Department give due consideration to updating the allocation policy?
It is currently based on historical funding, which leaves boroughs such as Barking and Dagenham at a disadvantage for SEN provision compared with inner-London boroughs.
The structure of the high needs funding formula is largely unchanged in 2025-26, as we take time to consider what changes might be necessary to ensure a fair system that directs funding to where it is needed and that will support our future SEND reforms.
We will continue to consider where changes to the formula will be required.
The Secretary of State visited a school in Dagenham in December and saw at first hand its excellent work and the difference it is making to children with special educational needs in my hon.
Friend’s area.
I draw the attention of Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I have a school in my constituency that is very good at helping students with education, health and care plans—so much so that it is struggling  with the number of students who have EHCPs.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this issue and wider SEND issues in my constituency?
The Government want to ensure that education, health and care plans are issued quickly, to help children and young people achieve and thrive.
Officials work continuously with local authorities to offer support where there are issues with timeliness, to ensure that effective recovery plans are in place.
I am sure that a meeting could be arranged for the hon.
Gentleman to discuss his particular concerns in more detail.