Last autumn, I was contacted by businesses in Castle Green in Taunton, which are at their wit’s end because of the antisocial behaviour in the historic centre of our county town.
I contacted the chief constable straightaway.
I am really grateful to Avon and Somerset officers for the efforts they have put in, as I am to the chamber of commerce in Taunton, which has raised the general issue of town centre crime and convened the safe streets forum that I attended last week, but it is clear that we need to deter antisocial behaviour and crime where it is taking place.
That is proven by the fact that Lib Dem-run Taunton town council has just appointed a street marshal, who is on duty in our town centre.
I spent the afternoon with Nick last Friday.
He is doing an excellent job and covering a huge range of work, from people climbing all over the rooftops to retrieving thousands of pounds’ worth of stock by simply asking the person responsible to hand it over.
He must have been quite persuasive in asking the individual to do that.
I congratulate Nick, our street marshal, but when I returned to Castle Green with him, it was clear that the antisocial behaviour problems there have become intractable.
I therefore suggest that we need to work with Somerset council to get a public space protection order, and I hope the Government will support its enforcement.
Too many of our great community events are marred by the antisocial few, and we need to tackle that.
We need the public space of Castle Green, with its superb independent market, our famous Castle Hotel, the scheduled ancient monument, which is the castle itself, and the Museum of Somerset where soon people will be able to see the Chew valley hoard of silver coins from the Norman conquest.
I cannot use those coins to pay for the enforcement of the public space protection order, but I hope it will have Government support so that we can  ensure that key public spaces are not subject to conquest by those who would disobey the law, wreak havoc among local people, damage livelihoods and tarnish the generally superb reputation of our county town.
I want to make a statement about Saturday’s security incident.
The safety and security of all who work on and visit the parliamentary estate is my top priority.
I have asked for a review to be undertaken of Saturday’s incident and will ensure that lessons are learned from it.
I thank all those who were involved in helping to ensure that Saturday’s incident was resolved safely.
An individual has been charged, and the House’s sub judice resolution now applies.
Finally, I remind Members that we do not discuss the detail of security measures in the Chamber.
I will not be taking points of order on this matter.
If Members or others have concerns, they should contact the director of parliamentary security.
Of course, I am always available to discuss these issues with colleagues.