I completely agree with  the hon.
Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq) .
What is displacing reading for pleasure among children is smartphones and social media, including in schools.
The Department for Education’s own behaviour survey found that nearly half of pupils in years 10 and 11 report that in most or all lessons, mobile phones are being used when they should not be.
The guidance is not working, so why are the Government continuing to block our proposals for a proper ban on smartphones in schools?
Last year, under the previous Government, we saw the steepest year-on-year drop in the number of children and young people enjoying reading.
The hon.
Member should look at the record of his Government before pointing the finger.
Phones should not be out in schools; it is a simple as that.
Heads have the power to impose rules that suit their school community.
Just a year ago, his Government claimed that they were “prohibiting” mobile phones in schools, and that their guidance meant a “consistent approach” across schools.
Those were their words.
The then Secretary of State said: “We are giving our hard-working teachers the tools to take action”.
Was that Secretary of State right back then, when they backed the Tory Government’s measures, or is the hon.
Member?
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the plan for change mission entitled “Break Down Barriers to Opportunity”.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the plan for change mission entitled “Break Down Barriers to Opportunity”.
This Labour Government are determined to break the link between background and success, so that where someone is from does not determine where they end up in life.
That work starts with the early years, which is when we can make the biggest difference to children’s life chances.
Through our plan for change, we will get tens of thousands more children—a record share—starting school ready to learn, because children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, and nothing less.
What specific steps are being taken to ensure that the plan for change will help those in my constituency of Wolverhampton West who have historically faced systemic barriers to opportunity, such as those with special educational needs, those from ethnic minority backgrounds, and those from a background of lower socioeconomic status?
In Wolverhampton West and across our country, this Labour Government are determined to ensure that background is no barrier to getting on in modern Britain.
That is why we will reform the special educational needs and disabilities system to ensure that all our children get the support that they need to thrive.
Alongside that, we have delivered the biggest ever uplift in the early years pupil premium.
We are rolling out breakfast clubs in our primary schools and will be launching the first phase of primary-based nurseries, ensuring that all our children have access to fantastic early years education.
Last week, I visited Hertfordshire and Essex high school in Bishop’s Stortford, Sele school in Hertford, and Hertford regional college in Ware.
At each one, I met young people with exciting ambitions for the future.
I welcome the action that the Government are taking to build our young people’s confidence and open up opportunities for them.
As we break down the barriers to opportunity, will the Secretary of State set out in further detail how the Government are supporting young people in constituencies like mine to discover a subject that they are passionate about, develop a new skill and find the path that is right for them?
My hon.
Friend has evidently had a busy week in his constituency, and I know he champions young people and the need to drive up standards in education.
Under our plan for change, we are starting learning earlier through accessible and affordable early years education.
We are ensuring that all young people will have the skills that they need to seize opportunity, with strong pathways into post-16 learning.
We also want to ensure that throughout people’s lives, they have the chance to get on at work.
The changes that I set out during National Apprenticeship Week—we are cutting red tape to create more than 10,000 apprenticeships—will make a big difference to adult learners in his constituency and right across our country.
This slogan word salad of a question talks about breaking down barriers to opportunity.
Many of my constituents want to know how on earth implementing an education tax on the independent school sector breaks down barriers to opportunity.
It puts up those barriers for parents who have scrimped and saved to put their children through  independent school.
It is a policy of spite that will hurt the state school sector.
What this Government are doing is far from breaking down barriers; it is putting up barriers to aspiration.
This Labour Government are aspirational and ambitious for all our children, including the vast majority of children who go to school in the state system.
I was going to say that the Conservatives have not got much to say on education, and that is true, but the one policy that they actually have is to reverse the tax change that Labour has introduced in order to invest more in our state system.
We need to hear from them where they would find the money to pay for the teachers and wider support that all our children deserve.
Despite all the scaremongering that we have heard from the private schools lobby, at national offer day last week, more children got their first-choice place.
What the scaremongers predicted has just not come to pass.
The plan for change includes the mission to break down barriers to opportunity and build an NHS fit for the future, but many NHS trusts, including mine, which represents St Richard’s hospital in Chichester, report that they are unable to offer level 6 and level 7 apprenticeships, due to a lack of backfill funding.
That often results in them handing back the apprenticeship levy.
What steps is the Department for Education taking to address that fundamental flaw in the scheme, and to ensure that apprenticeships deliver the nurses and midwives of the future?
Apprenticeships have an important role to play in our system, including in our NHS.
I am working closely with the Health Secretary to ensure that we address the long-standing workforce challenges left behind by the Conservatives, as part of the workforce plan for the NHS.
We want to ensure that all employers can take on more apprentices and that we drive forward in key shortage areas.
The changes that we are introducing through Skills England will make a big difference in addressing and responding to the big skills shortages that we face in this country.