The Prime Minister’s welcome announcement over the past couple of weeks of an increase in defence spending creates both an opportunity and a challenge for the Department, as well as for the whole skills system in this country.
Will the Secretary of State please outline how she will work with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that gap is filled?
In particular, how will she ensure that the Scottish Government in Edinburgh take proper action on defence skills, as they have failed to do over the past 17 years?
My hon.
Friend is right.
The first set of statistics released under the Labour Government shows  that apprenticeship starts, participation and achievements are all on the up, compared with the same period under the Tories.
We have celebrated by going further and faster to cut red tape, so that up to 10,000 more apprentices can achieve each year.
That is a clear contrast to the failures that we saw under the Tories for 14 years and the continued failure of the SNP.
It is time for change in Scotland, and only Labour can deliver that change.
Yesterday afternoon, a group of five and six-year-old special educational needs children had great fun running circles around their Member of Parliament on the football pitch at Matthew Arnold school in my constituency.
Can Labour Front Benchers please use their good offices to encourage Surrey county council to continue to fund the star player programme, which provides great fun for the children and great respite for the parents?
That sounds like a lot of fun, and I commend the hon.
Gentleman for participating.
When it comes to supporting what we know are brilliant projects, local authorities are increasingly challenged as a result of the funding deficit that the previous Government left them, but I am sure they are keen to support those projects.
We will work with local authorities on a continuous basis to ensure that children with special educational needs and disabilities get the opportunities they deserve.
A new report by London Councils predicts a collective decline in demand for reception and year 7 places over the next five years, causing concern about the impact on school standards and pupil attainment.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this important issue?
The Government are working closely with local authorities to ensure that consideration is given to all options for utilising space, whether that is for early years provision or SEND provision, including merging provision where that is in the best interests of the community, and we will continue to do so.
I or the early years Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the proposals.
Will the Secretary of State confirm how many SEND children are forecast to have to leave the independent sector and go into the state sector because of the imposition of VAT on fees?
What will be the cost of that to the taxpayer?
Labour’s plans to end the tax breaks that private schools enjoy will invest significant money into state education.
I am really surprised that the hon.
Gentleman does not welcome the extra investment that will be going into schools in his constituency.
When it comes to children with SEND, where the place is derived through an EHCP, there will be no additional cost.
As I said earlier, the scaremongering that people like him have engaged in is just proving to be wrong.
I have often raised the importance of further education and the transformative impact it can have.
I know that the Minister and the Secretary of  State share my belief in excellent education for all, instead of the broken skills system that the Tories left behind.
To that end, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that students without the necessary qualifications to get on to T-levels do not end up falling through the net?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to demonstrate her concern.
We want a skills system that provides opportunity and delivers growth.
The curriculum and assessment review is looking at how we can ensure that high-value qualification pathways are available for 16 to 19-year-olds.
As we continue to reform qualifications, we will consider the review findings and publish them later in the year.
After some delay, the admirable Hounsdown school in my constituency has been promised a letter by the middle of March releasing funds for the replacement of its crumbling reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete roofing.
If that letter fails to materialise within the next week, may I appeal to a Minister to intervene?
I will happily take away the right hon.
Gentleman’s concern and make sure that he gets a response as quickly as possible on the matter he raises.