The Child Poverty Action Group estimates that the parent of a child in secondary school spends, on average, over £480 a year on school uniforms.
The Government’s move to limit the number of branded uniform items to three or four is well intentioned, but there is nothing to stop the overinflation  of the price of those items.
A cap on costs, reviewed annually, would not just guarantee pounds and pennies saved for parents, but give schools the freedom to set their own uniform policies, rather than Ministers in Whitehall telling headteachers and school governors what to do.
Will Ministers think again and back the Liberal Democrat amendment to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill next week?
School uniform plays a valuable role in creating a sense of common identity and reducing visible inequalities among pupils.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson made a number of points in the Bill Committee, and the Department will certainly take forward her views and ideas.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of school exclusions of pupils with special educational needs and disabilities.
Every child has the right to succeed in education.
We publish data termly and review trends, including where pupils with SEND are disproportionately affected by exclusions.
We know that some groups of children are at higher risk of exclusion, which is why the Government are breaking down barriers to opportunity by ensuring early intervention in mainstream schools for all pupils, including those at risk of exclusion.
We are clear that schools have a legal duty not to discriminate against pupils with SEND under the Equality Act 2010.
Too many children with SEND in South Cambridgeshire are out of school, due not only to exclusion but to the long waiting times for specialist or alternative provision when mainstream schools cannot meet their needs.
I was shocked to hear about Harry, a constituent of mine who has been receiving just two hours of forest school a week for the past 15 months as his only education—15 months!
What urgent action is the Minister taking to increase specialist and alternative provision, so that children like Harry can get the full and adequate education they need and deserve?