The Secretary of State is spending £90 million on advertising.
She is cutting not just Latin programmes, but computing hubs, language hubs and advanced maths.
Are those also less important than her advertising budget?
Yet again, we hear a lot of sound and fury from the right hon.
Lady, but no recognition of the mess that the Conservatives left behind, which it falls to this Labour Government to resolve.
We are investing more in early years, more into our schools and more into 16-19 education.
Yes, some of the investment we need to make is about ensuring that people come forward to train as teachers, particularly because of the chronic issues we face around recruitment and retention because of the mess left behind after the last Conservative Government.
Red Hall  primary school in my constituency of Dudley is split down the middle by Zoar Street.
The theft of lead from the Victorian roofs, leakages and no real playground do not make an environment for children to thrive.
In 2010, the Conservatives shelved the plans to consolidate and repair the school on one side of the road.
Will the Minister meet with me to discuss reopening those plans?
This Government have increased capital funding to improve the condition of school buildings to £2.1 billion for the next financial year.
This will include funding for Dudley local authority to invest in improving the condition of its maintained schools, including Red Hall primary school.
Capital funding and programmes for schools beyond 2025-26 will be confirmed following the spending review.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who is a real champion for children in her constituency.
The  University of Kent, which is the largest employer in my constituency, is making yet more redundancies due to the enormous debt it owes to international banks.
Will the Secretary of State commit to holding crisis meetings with desperate universities and their creditors, to help secure more sustainable terms and a potential way out of the financial emergency that they face?
I recognise the pressures that many institutions across our country face.
The last Conservative Government regarded universities as a political battleground, not a public good.
We face a big challenge in stabilising the finances of our universities, which is why we have refocused the Office for Students to ensure that it tackles much earlier the challenges that the hon.
Lady describes.
That is also why I took the difficult but necessary decision to increase tuition fees so that we have more revenue going into our universities.
The previous Government failed to build much-needed new school buildings at Dorset studio school, and failed for years to open the proposed Osprey Quay special school for children with special educational needs.
Dorset studio school urgently needs a new home, and families in my patch are hugely in need of a SEND school at the Osprey Quay site, so can the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to get those two crucial projects over the line?
The feasibility and project costs for those projects are currently being reviewed, and the relevant approvals will then be sought.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend is kept up to date on progress.
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings they need is key to our delivery of the opportunity mission and to give every child the best start in life.
Great teaching and great policies saw children in England soar up the international league tables under the last Government to become the best in the western world.
I think that the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill risks that progress.
If the Secretary of State disagrees, will she put her money where her mouth is and resign if England falls down the international league tables?
That is the kind of hyperbole that we often get from the right hon.
Gentleman.
From that question, and from the shameless sense of pride—the misplaced sense of pride—that Conservative Members often have, you would not know that one in three children are not school ready, one in five children are regularly out of school, and our scores were dropping, contrary to what the right hon.
Gentleman has suggested.
We face big challenges around standards and a huge disadvantage gap.
There is a lot that this Labour Government are having to turn around to ensure that all children get a great start in life.