The Minister may remember that the last Labour Government had Building Schools for the Future.
Some £55 billion was spent on buildings and IT to transform education—except buildings and IT do not transform education.
There was global evidence to back that up, because building schools is not a new thing.
Can the Minister reassure the House that we will never have a repeat of that extravagant and wasted programme, but that we will ensure we have functional schools with brilliant teachers able to teach our children?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings that they need is key to our mission to break down barriers to opportunity.
I will take no lectures from the Conservative party on education.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last month, Labour announced the first 750 schools set to offer free breakfast clubs.
Next month, through the clubs, we will boost the life chances of up to 180,000 children and begin to save parents up to £450.
That comes as we improve the quality of early years education, alongside our Department’s RISE advisers, support stuck schools, drive high and rising standards and bring schools together to improve attendance.
In National Apprenticeship Week, we celebrated by cutting red tape to unlock 10,000 more apprenticeships every year.
At the Department for Education, we are the Department for opportunity, and we are proving that we are the Department for delivery too.
On Friday, I met with the headteachers of all the secondary schools in Rossendale.
They face many challenges, but they were unanimous that the single biggest issue they face is a lack of capacity in special schools and alternative provision in our area.
Rossendale has no places, children’s complex needs are not being met and huge additional pressures are being placed on our mainstream schools.
That is the legacy of 14 years of neglect.
What steps will this Government take to address special school and alternative provision in areas such as Rossendale and Darwen?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s concern and the concern of headteachers in his constituency.
Sadly, I hear that story in every part of our country.
We inherited as a Government a system that the previous Secretary of State described as “lose, lose, lose”.
We are investing more into the system and we want to ensure that there is more mainstream inclusion, but we recognise the need to invest in specialist provision for children who need it most.