The Government are committed to improving mental health support, and access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, to help young people to achieve and thrive.
We will work closely with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care and the NHS who will lead on services, including mental health support teams.
They are recruiting 8,500 additional mental health staff to treat children and adults, getting on with delivering the promise we made at the last election.
What formal assessment have Ministers made, or will they make, of the benefits to children’s mental health and physical health, resilience and ability to learn of investing in more opportunities for residential outdoor education experiences?
The hon.
Member raises a number of important points.
Enriching opportunities for children and young people are a key part of our breaking down the barriers to opportunity.
I am happy to meet him if he has particular examples that he wishes to share.
Parents in my rural constituency often express concerns about the limited school options, which almost always involve travelling some distance, but free transport is available only to the nearest school.
What steps are being taken to review school transport costs overall?
Will the  limited school options available to rural parents be considered when updating the home-to-school travel policy?
The Department’s home-to-school travel policy aims to ensure that no child is prevented from accessing education due to a lack of transport.
I am keen to understand how well home-to-school transport is supporting children to access educational opportunity.
I am working closely with officials on that, and I will bear my hon.
Friend’s comments and concerns in mind as that work continues.
I start by wishing you, Mr Speaker, and the House a happy Commonwealth Day.
Conservative-led Hertfordshire county council has done excellent work in supporting children with SEND, in my constituency and across the county, while seeing a 27% increase in requests for EHCPs in 2024.
How is the Education Secretary directing her Department to provide further assistance to councils such as Hertfordshire, which is having to find more and more money from its budget to support students with SEND?
We recognise the challenges in the area that the hon.
Gentleman represents.
A SEND improvement board chaired independently by Dame Christine Lenehan oversees progress and provides challenge.
We know that the system needs wholesale reform; we are working at pace and will make an announcement as soon as possible.
Wednesday is Young Carers Action Day.
Will the Minister join me in thanking young carers for all that they do, and commit herself to ensuring that there is greater awareness of them in schools?
I must say that schools in my constituency do very well in that regard.
My hon.
Friend is right to mention young carers.
The Government are committed to increasing their visibility and ensuring that they have the support that they need, at home and in education.
We champion initiatives such as Young Carers Action Day and the young carers covenant, which further highlights the needs of young carers and the support available to them.
What resources are being provided to schools to support restorative justice initiatives in relation to knife crime, especially victim-led approaches such as workshops or peer mentoring to engage young people in conversations about its prevention?
We hear about far too many cases of young people being affected by knife crime, and I will take away the specific issue that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
We are undertaking a curriculum and assessment review, looking closely at relationships, sex and health education, and considering how we can empower young people to be discerning and respect one another and create a society based on values and tolerance.
In each of the past two years, 40,000 teachers have left the profession owing to burnout and excessive workloads.
What concrete  steps will the Government take to address that, and how can we reverse the exodus from this fantastic profession?
Under the Tories teachers were overstretched and undervalued, so Labour is resetting the relationship with the profession.
We are properly remunerating teachers by accepting the 5.5% pay rise that the last Government sat on.
We are also keen to cut unnecessary burdens on teachers, harnessing artificial intelligence and supporting children with their mental health.
The child poverty taskforce is determined to alleviate the burdens that originate outside the school gates.
What steps are being taken to support voluntary organisations across the United Kingdom, such as AWARE in Northern Ireland, that offer education programmes to target depression and related mood conditions as part of mental health education in schools?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the important contribution that voluntary and third sector organisations can make.
Here in England, through the consultation about relationships, sex and health education, we are looking at what more we can do to ensure that all young people get the support that they need, including in the areas that he has identified.
School staff in North East Hertfordshire work tirelessly in dilapidated facilities to support students with special educational needs while parents face absurdly long journeys to reach specialist schools, and in the meantime the old Roysia school site in Royston lies vacant.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the school estate in my constituency, and how we can use the Roysia site to meet local special educational needs?
We are very open to ideas for how we can best use the school estate to meet the needs of young people, including those with SEND.
We are determined to deliver a wide range of reforms, and I—or, indeed, the early years Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) —would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss how we can best use the resource in his constituency for the benefit of all the children who need it.
Last week the Department announced that colleges would receive only two thirds of the funding that they were promised for the 35,000 additional 16 to 18-year-old students enrolled last autumn, a decision that could lead to thousands of prospective students being turned away this September.
That follows a cut in the adult skills funding.
Can the Secretary of State explain how cutting promised funds will help to address skills shortages in the economy and help to deliver the Government’s growth mission?
I absolutely agree that skills are critical to driving growth.
That is why we are now spending over £400 million more on 16-to-19 education—£100 million more than was announced at the Budget—including £87 million in in-year growth funding, to ensure that places are available where needed.
Through the reforms that we are driving with Skills England, we will make sure that where there was once a fragmented skills system, we have a coherent system that supports all our young people and adult learners, too.