One of the key metrics for holding schools and trusts to account is pupil numbers; parents vote with their feet.
Why is the Secretary of State stopping good schools from being able to expand in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill?
That will stop competition and accountability, erode parental choice, and drive down standards.
The right hon.
Lady appears to have misunderstood both the aims and impact of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
We recognise that parents must have an opportunity to have good schools in their area, and that schools must be able to set admission numbers to meet the requirements of the local community.
That is why we expect local authorities to co-operate with schools in their area, and expect all schools to co-operate with the local authorities, to ensure that the right number of school places are available in the areas where they are needed.
What steps she is taking to increase funding for agricultural education and training.
Land-based colleges receive higher funding per student to support delivery of programmes in agriculture, horticulture and forestry, and animal care and veterinary science.
The 16 to 19 national funding rate will rise by 3.78% in 2025-26, increasing the funding for those programmes.
Kingston Maurward college in my constituency of West Dorset provides essential training in agriculture, offering degrees, apprenticeships and short courses to equip the next generation of farmers with critical skills.
What measures will the Minister take to ensure that farming courses are not underfunded compared with other vocational courses, and that agriculture is promoted as a viable career path?
This Government are committed to education for 16 to 19-year-olds, and beyond.
Extra funding is available for all important skills in high-value and high-cost areas, including manufacturing and farming.
We value farmers hugely and we are committed to investing £5 million in the farming budget over two years.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of construction apprenticeships.
Where the previous Government failed, Labour is getting Britain building again.
Our pioneering new homebuilding skills hubs will deliver fast-track training, meaning more opportunity, new homes and stronger growth.
Some 32 hubs across the country will create 5,000 more construction apprenticeship places and play a part in getting Britain building again.
A homebuilding revolution requires a skills revolution, and Labour will provide more homes, greater opportunity and stronger growth.
Having worked in construction for a couple of decades, prior to being elected, I am glad the Government recognise the importance of the industry and are firmly committed to house building, especially social and affordable housing, to make the dream of home ownership a reality once again for our young people.
The Conservative  Government ducked the difficult decisions for too long, so will the Minister outline exactly how the Government plan to create the skills and apprenticeships that we need so that the homes that Slough families deserve can finally be built?
I assure my hon.
Friend that this Government are not ducking or diving the tough decisions that need to be made.
Homebuilding skills hubs will create more apprenticeships in occupations where there are shortages, such as bricklaying and groundwork.
The changes that we have introduced to English and maths will support thousands more apprentices to achieve each year, including in construction.
This Government of action are building the skilled workforce this country needs, including in Slough.
Level 7 apprenticeships play a vital role throughout our economy, including in the construction industry, and support social mobility.
I recently met young, hard-working apprentices in Mid Bedfordshire who would not be able to achieve their ambitions without level 7, but there are concerns about the future of those apprenticeships.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to reassure employers and apprentices that she understands the value of level 7 apprenticeships?
This Government have an extremely challenging fiscal inheritance.
There are tough choices to take on how funding should be prioritised to generate opportunities for young people to start fulfilling careers.
Learners who have started will be funded to completion and we expect to make a final decision on effective apprenticeships shortly.
We are committed to level 7 apprenticeships and to people continuing their education to a good standard.
What recent progress she has made on school building programmes.
We have committed £1.4 billion for 2025/26 to continue the current school rebuilding programme, which is rebuilding or significantly refurbishing buildings at 518 schools and sixth form colleges across England.
All projects have been given indicative timelines for delivery, based on prioritisation of need.
Around half have been commenced so far, and are at various stages of delivery.
Cross Lane primary school, Shade primary school, Brooksbank school, Calder high school, Todmorden high school and Walsden Saint Peter’s Church of England primary school are among 11 Calder Valley schools to be rebuilt under this Government, where the last Government failed.
Will the Minister confirm that under this Government no children will be left learning in classrooms that are not fit for purpose?
Along with my hon.
Friend, I am delighted that so many schools in his constituency are receiving significant investment through the school rebuilding programme.
Ensuring that schools and colleges  have the resources and buildings that they need is a key part of our plan to break down barriers to opportunity and ensure that every child gets the best start in life.