The Secretary of State was asked— What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of exceptional funding for schools.
I am proud that while this Government have made tough decisions, we have protected key education priorities.
There is additional investment in breakfast clubs, we are rebuilding and improving our special educational needs and disabilities system, and we are doing much more.
After 14 years of decline, dither and delay, we are putting education back at the heart of national life and breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child in every community.
In response to the hon.
Lady’s specific question, exceptional funding will continue to be allocated through local authorities on a case-by-case basis.
Chesham grammar school, in my constituency, has received exceptional funding from the Department for some years to facilitate the hire of the neighbouring leisure centre’s sports hall for PE lessons.
This year, the school’s application has been denied, despite its circumstances not having changed; it still has no on-site sports hall, and it still needs to fund the £65,000 hiring fees each year.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this particular case to ensure that the students of Chesham grammar school have access to the PE curriculum the school is required to provide come September?
I would be happy to arrange a meeting for the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter further.
Buckinghamshire requested for a local authority-owned facility to be funded, and, in line with the published guidance, rental costs for local authority-owned facilities are out of scope of the exceptional funding.
However, local authorities should organise such provision within the cost availability for schools.
I would be happy to discuss the matter further.
Too many children in Southall go to school hungry, so I am delighted that the Chancellor and this Labour Government have chosen to triple investment in breakfast clubs, and that some of the first free breakfast clubs will open at Blair Peach and Wolf Fields primary schools in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that children learn better with a full stomach?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, which is why we are focusing our investment on breakfast clubs, which will ensure that children get not only a good start to the day with a full belly, but the support of a club that will help them to achieve and thrive.
How many schools left the breakfast club early adopters scheme prior to 24 February 2025.
Last month, Labour announced the first wave of primary schools set to offer the new free breakfast clubs.
We were delighted that more than 3,000 schools applied to be early adopters, with 750 starting to deliver from the summer term, meaning that children will start the day ready to learn and parents will save up to £450.
While Conservative Members cannot bring themselves to welcome the clubs, Labour is boosting parents’ work choices and children’s life chances.
Primary schools have been forced to pull out of the pilot or take a financial hit to participate in it.
Does the Secretary of State really believe that the basic funding rate for breakfast is 60p?
No, I do not, because that is not actually the case.
I am afraid that is not the only area where the hon.
Lady is mistaken.
The Conservatives should swallow their pride and welcome these breakfast clubs, which will transform the life chances of children across our country, are incredibly popular with parents, and will ensure that all our children get a brilliant start to the school day.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I welcome Opposition Members’ interest in breakfast clubs.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that all primary schools and all primary school students will have breakfast clubs by the end of this Parliament?
I recognise the incredible work that the early adopters will be taking forward, but it is the case that all primary schools will offer a universal free breakfast club under this Labour Government.
Opposition Members can raise the previous schemes  that they left behind all they like, but those schemes were far less generous.
This Labour Government are trebling investment in breakfast clubs.
What progress her Department has made on establishing regional improvement for standards and excellence teams.
Labour’s RISE teams have hit the ground running.
The first wave of advisers—professionals with a proven track record of driving up standards—are now drawing up improvement plans with schools.
The Tories left more than 600 stuck schools teaching over 300,000 children with no plan for improvement.
Labour will drive high and rising standards, turning those schools around and creating a system where every child can achieve and thrive.
In my area, the Government have identified six stuck schools in Cheshire East and two in Cheshire West.
Can the Secretary of State explain the support that will be made available to them to drive up standards?
What levers do RISE teams have if schools choose not to follow their advice?
Universal support will be available to all schools to drive up standards, but we expect all schools to engage in mandatory, targeted RISE intervention.
We will not hesitate to act where there are concerns.
Unlike the last Conservative Government, we will not stand by as children pass through schools that are not delivering, year after year.
The attainment gaps in the south-west are the largest in England, across the primary and secondary sectors.
In the past, local authorities have played a big role in improving education.
What plans do the Government have for local authorities to be involved in closing that attainment gap?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the disadvantage gaps that exist in many parts of the country, and the challenge in her part of the country.
We believe that local authorities have an important role to play, working with trust leaders and others to drive up standards.
That is why, through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, we are bringing forward measures to ensure that the system works together more effectively, including in areas such as admissions and place planning.
When she expects the interim report on the curriculum and assessment review to be published.
Under the Tories, young people felt underprepared for their futures, and employers agreed that too many were leaving school lacking the skills needed in the modern workplace and ill-equipped for an ever-changing world.
Through the independent curriculum and assessment review, Labour will bring forward a cutting-edge curriculum  that ensures that all our children leave school ready for work and for life.
The interim report will be published in the spring.
Parents and pupils will think that Ministers are on another planet when they hear such answers.
SATs in years 2 and 6 mean that primary schools can be held accountable, and that we can measure progress data through secondary education, but the National Education Union says that SATs “do not benefit learning” and wants the Government to abolish them.
Will the Minister rule out abolishing SATs in primary schools—yes or no?
Assessment clearly has an important role to play in supporting achievement and development within schools.
We will consider how the reformed curriculum and assessment will affect schools.
We recognise the importance of supporting schools through any changes that come forward in the interim and final report.
From the rise of Andrew Tate to the re-emergence of Tommy Robinson, lots of young people I speak to are concerned about the extremism and conspiracy theories that they are encountering online.
Last month, an important report from Public First and the Pears Foundation highlighted the need to do more to empower schools and teachers to tackle those things in the classroom.
How will we use the curriculum review to make the most of this moment to empower young people to feel safer in online spaces?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We already provide guidance and resources to help and support teachers to recognise some of those challenges, to intervene swiftly where necessary, and not to tolerate a culture that excuses harm and the experiences of women.
Schools must be places where all young people can thrive and be ready for work and life.
We will ensure that the curriculum and assessment review reflects that.