Events in Syria over the past few days are deeply concerning.
We are working as quickly as possible to establish from reliable sources of information what exactly happened and who was responsible, but reports that a large number of civilians have been killed in coastal areas in ongoing violence are horrific.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear in his statement yesterday, the interim authorities in Damascus must ensure the protection of all Syrians and set out a clear path to transitional justice.
This is a critical moment for Syria, and for the interim authorities to demonstrate their intent to promote stability and to govern in the interests of all Syrians.
Since the fall of Assad on  8 December , our priority has been to support a Syrian-led and Syrian-owned political transition that leads to an inclusive, non-sectarian and representative Government.
We have been clear that anyone seeking a role in governing Syria should demonstrate a commitment to the protection of human rights, unfettered access for humanitarian aid and the safe destruction of chemical weapons stockpiles, and combat terrorism and extremism.
This is the only way forward towards a more stable, free and prosperous future for Syria and for Syrians, who suffered for so long under the brutal Assad regime.
We have consistently emphasised this message in all our diplomatic engagement with the interim authorities, and in concert with our international partners.
We will continue to focus our diplomacy to this end.
The UK is engaging privately and regularly with the interim authorities at every level, including through Ministers and our Syria envoy.
We are supporting them to take steps that will deliver a more stable, free and prosperous future for the Syrian people.
We welcomed the announcement by interim Syrian President al-Sharaa on forming an inclusive transitional Government, leading to free and fair elections.
We welcomed the national dialogue conference held on  25 February .
But the violence over the weekend demonstrates that more needs to be done to bring Syria’s different groups together, and we urge the interim authorities to urgently establish a clear process and timeline for the next phase of the transition.
Representative figures from across Syria need to be appointed to the transitional Government and the recently announced legislative council.
Our overarching objective is a stable Syria.
In addition to supporting an inclusive political process, we are focused on preventing escalation of conflict in northern Syria, on tackling security threats, including the threat from terrorism, and on the destruction of chemical weapons.
We are also supporting economic recovery by lifting some sanctions and scaling up humanitarian assistance.
The UK, like our partners, imposed sanctions on Assad’s regime to hold him and his associates accountable for their oppression of Syria’s people.
In recent weeks, the Government have made changes to those sanctions: we issued a general licence to support transactions for humanitarian activities in Syria, and last week we revoked  the asset freezes of 24 entities, including the Central Bank of Syria, which had been imposed to prevent Assad from using financial assets in conducting his vile oppression.
We keep all our sanctions regimes under close review, and we target them at those who bear responsibility for repression and human rights abuses.
It is also important that we take steps to support the economic development that Syria’s people desperately need.
The humanitarian situation in Syria remains dire, with over 16 million people currently in need of humanitarian assistance.
We will continue to support those in need across Syria, where it is safe to do so.
Through non-governmental organisations and UN organisations, we are providing food, healthcare, protection and other lifesaving assistance, in addition to agriculture, livelihoods and education programmes.
Since December, the UK has announced over £62 million in additional humanitarian assistance to support vulnerable Syrians inside Syria and across the region.
In conclusion, this is a critical, fragile moment for Syria.
The country faces significant challenges as it transitions after almost 14 years of conflict.
Stability in Syria is firmly in our interests.
The UK remains committed to the people of Syria, and we will continue to stand with them in building a more stable, free and prosperous future.
I commend this statement to the House.
I am grateful to the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
This is the first statement on Syria offered by the Government this year, and frankly, it could not have come soon enough.
It is deeply alarming that, in recent days, we have been witness to some of the deadliest violence in Syria since the beginning of this dreadful conflict.
The Opposition have been raising questions, written and oral, about the Government’s approach to Syria throughout the year, so it is with some disappointment that we have had to wait this long—and, to be quite frank, for these events—for a Minister to give an update.
Reports that hundreds of civilians have been killed in clashes, including Alawite civilians, is troubling.
The Syrian people have suffered 14 years of conflict and decades of oppression.
The country is now at a fork in the road, but these terrible events are a stark reminder that a better future for the people of Syria—for all groups and all minorities—is far from guaranteed.
We should be clear that those who have ratcheted up the appalling situation in recent days should pull back from the brink, not jeopardise that better future.
The Labour Government have decided to establish contact with Hayat Tahrir al-Sham and the interim Administration in Syria, so can the Minister confirm whether the Foreign Office has raised this escalation in violence with interlocutors, and if so, whether the Government have clearly conveyed a set of expectations for how the temperature should be taken down and stability restored?
Can he also confirm whether there has been any direct engagement between Ministers and HTS leaders at any point, and what is his assessment of HTS’s response to this violence and the threat posed by remnants of the disgraceful Assad regime?
We note that the Government have announced they are lifting 24 sanctions on entities linked to the deposed Assad regime.
Does the violence of recent days change  the Government’s assessment of the merits of lifting such sanctions?
Before the Minister lifted those particular sanctions, did he consult US and European allies as well as partners in the region?
Were the sanctions lifted at the request of HTS, and are there plans to lift further sanctions?
Can the Minister also be clear with the House about precisely what conditions, criteria and evidence are being used to drive these decisions?
On the Minister’s visit to Turkey last week, he said the UK is committed to working in partnership with Turkey “to support Syria’s transition to an inclusive and peaceful country”, but what exactly does that mean in practice, and what does he see as Turkey’s role?
On security issues specifically, can he confirm that there remains no change to the Conservative Government’s very firm position on foreign fighters—that they must not come back to the UK?
What is his assessment of the Syrian state’s ability to counter any ISIS cells in the east of the country, and has he seen any progress on securing borders in the region and the prevention of smuggling people, drugs and weapons?
The Government are right that Assad’s chemical weapons stockpiles need to be secured and destroyed, and that needs to be verified by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
However, is the Minister confident these weapons will indeed be destroyed?
We acknowledge that the Government have put more funding into the OPCW’s Syria missions following the fall of Assad’s regime, but we still need Syria to meet its obligations under the chemical weapons convention in full.
We need concrete actions as well as words.
Turning to the humanitarian situation, where does the Minister judge the need is most acute, and how is he mobilising UK aid to ensure that it is safely distributed and is genuinely reaching those innocent civilians in need?
With the reduction of official development assistance to 0.3%, can the Minister confirm that Syria will continue to be a priority and that funds will be made available, given the security and strategic issues?
Finally, on the transition to representative and inclusive governance, we note the launching of the non-binding national dialogue conference by the interim Government of Syria, but does the Minister believe that this process will yield the kind of results we all want for the people of Syria, and has he discussed this through the channels he has established with the interim Government?
I will try to answer as many of the shadow Foreign Secretary’s questions as I can.
As she knows, we have had senior-level contact with the new HTS leadership.
Our Foreign Secretary met the interim Foreign Minister on the margins of the Paris meeting.
We have not yet sent Ministers to Damascus, as many of our partners will.
We keep these issues under close review.
On whether we are consulting the Europeans on sanctions and other things, the Europeans have taken steps on sanctions slightly in advance of us.
I cannot remember the precise date, but they relaxed their sanctions before we did.
I can confirm to the shadow Foreign Secretary that we keep all decisions on sanctions under very close review.
The 24 entities for which sanctions were lifted on Friday are very much focused on the economic function of Syria.
As the shadow Foreign Secretary knows well, Syria is in the midst of a very significant economic crisis—the Syrian pound has lost 99% of its value—and we want to protect the Syrian people from the consequences of that crisis.
The relaxation of sanctions is very much focused on allowing normal Syrians and humanitarian actors to get on with their lives, but we will keep all further sanctions under close review.
The shadow Foreign Secretary asks about HTS’s progress on borders and countering terrorism and drugs.
She is exactly right to say that we must judge HTS on its actions, not its words.
HTS has made some very welcome commitments on a range of questions.
For example, we have seen a welcome commitment from the new interim authorities to work with the OPCW.
The interim Foreign Minister has engaged with the OPCW, which has now visited Damascus.
That is to be welcomed, but the shadow Foreign Secretary is right that actions, not words, will be how we judge our Syria policy.