The deep crisis in our SEND system, which is one of both funding and delivery, is letting down far too many children, and requires urgent action.
Will the Minister update the House on the timing of the Government’s plans for SEND, and provide assurances that there will be full engagement with parents, professionals and young people with SEND on any such plans?
We recognise the unprecedented pressures that local authorities are under and that the system does not currently deliver the best education possible for families, who want the best for their children, as quickly or thoroughly as it should.
We will be announcing more details of reform plans this year.
We consult continuously with families, representatives of families and local authorities, and we will work closely with my hon.
Friend’s Committee.
Across the 46 schools in Mid Norfolk, SEND provision is the No. 1 issue for parents, teachers and staff.
Contrary to the party political broadcast from Ministers, in the last 14 years I was lucky to secure £7 million from the Conservative coalition for a new school and Conservative county council funding for a new school in Swaffham.
Officials in the Department for Education have also been constructive in working on a pathfinder for rural hub-and-spoke support.
Parents in rural areas really struggle.
What are Ministers doing to take that forward to support small rural schools to access specialist help in hubs?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman raises his concern in all sincerity.
We will continue to work with all partners, parents, teachers, local authorities and indeed the NHS on how we reform our SEND system and ensure that the support that is needed reaches every part of every community.
Our ambition is for a more inclusive mainstream school system that draws on the right education and health specialists to ensure that every child receives the support that they deserve.
Far too many children with complex learning disabilities and autism have been failed by the system and end up having a place not in their local community, but in institutions.
That disproportionately affects black children, which is synonymous with the ’60s and ’70s when they were classified as “educationally subnormal”.
Will the Minister explain what work is being done to identify the number of children who have been institutionalised?
What work has been undertaken to review and amend those situations?
I know that this issue is important to my hon.
Friend.
She has, quite rightly, been raising it through a number of avenues.
I will continue to work with her to ensure that we learn from the past, when far too many children were let down, and that, as we reform our SEND system, it is fit for purpose and serves every child.