IOTs bring together further education and higher education providers to deliver higher level technical qualifications including degrees and apprenticeships.
I could offer to meet my hon.
Friend, but I am sure he would much prefer to meet my noble Friend the Skills Minister from the other place.
I will raise his request with her.
The Stimulating Physics Network has been working to improve the knowledge, skills and confidence of non-specialist science teachers in secondary schools, with outstanding results: in schools that take part, there are 6% more A-level physics entrants, and 29% more girls taking physics.
That compares with 13% in schools that do not take part.
However, funding for the scheme has been cancelled from  31 March , which is a considerable problem for constituencies like mine, which has a need for science, technology, engineering and maths—STEM—skills, due to the needs of the defence sector.
What plans does the Minister have to fill the gap left by the SPN, in order to ensure that the value of physics teaching in schools is maintained, and to reassure teachers, including my constituent Thom, who have been committed to delivering the SPN?
We absolutely support girls and young women to take STEM subjects.
It is interesting that the Conservatives did funding mid-year, which is unusual.
As I am sure that they will be aware, hard decisions need to be made because of the difficult fiscal situation inherited by this Government.
We will continue to do more to get girls into STEM subjects; we are absolutely committed to this.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of children and young people who read for pleasure.
High and rising school standards, and excellent foundations in reading, writing and maths, are a key part of our plan for change, which aims to ensure that every child gets the best start in life.
Reading for pleasure is hugely important.
Last month, Labour announced £2 million of investment in driving high and rising standards by embedding the success of phonics and ensuring that children and teachers develop reading skills.
That includes children reading for pleasure.
When I was growing up in the 1980s, my nose was always buried in a book, and I let my imagination run wild.
Nowadays, nine in 10 children have a mobile phone by the time they reach the age of 11, and statistics show that there has been a steep decline in the number of children reading for pleasure.
Does the Minister agree that the likes of Roald Dahl and Jacqueline Wilson should not be replaced by a smartphone, and will she prioritise children’s reading for pleasure in the school curriculum?
I am sure all Members joined in celebrating World Book Day in their schools.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, and recognise how important it is to encourage children to read for pleasure.
We know that reading for pleasure does happen in schools; teachers already encourage their students to listen to, discuss and read a wide range of stories, poems, books and plays.
Importantly, this can also start at home, where parents can show how much they love reading.
That is why I commend the LBC campaign, Kids Who Read  Succeed, an excellent initiative to encourage reading and ensure that all children, parents and teachers get that message.
In all four libraries in my constituency this week, Mid Sussex babies and toddlers will be enjoying themselves at rhyme time; I hope that will be the start of many happy years of reading for my youngest constituents.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating West Sussex library service on its 100th birthday last month, and will she commit to lobbying the Chancellor and the Deputy Prime Minister to ensure that my county council is sufficiently well funded to enable West Sussex to keep its 36 libraries open to the public for another 100 years?
I absolutely join the hon.
Lady in congratulating the library service on its success.
We all know how valuable our local libraries are in supporting and encouraging children and families to read.
This is obviously a priority; we encourage reading for pleasure as much as reading for study, and it is something we clearly need more of—as is longevity, as she rightly says.