Permanent exclusion from primary school should be an almost non-existent occurrence.
Any primary-age pupils exhibiting difficult behaviours should undertake diagnosis for SEND, and best efforts should be made to understand any trauma that the child may have suffered.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that we build a system that prioritises the early identification of needs and quick delivery of intervention, so that children do not fall behind?
We are aware that some groups of children have a higher risk of exclusion, which is why we are breaking down barriers to opportunity, to ensure that every child can achieve and thrive.
We are committed to ensuring earlier intervention in mainstream schools for pupils, particularly those at risk of exclusion.
What steps she is taking to improve management accountability at multi-academy trusts.
Accountability is non-negotiable for this Government, and we know that when standards slip, it is disadvantaged children who suffer.
Through Ofsted reform, we are putting an end to high stakes, low information headline judgments, and in their place school report cards will provide clear detail on what schools are doing well, and where they must improve.
High standards must be for every child in every school, so we are increasing the oversight of multi-academy trusts.
Our focus remains on standards, not structures.
I have a case in my constituency where a governor feels that she was pushed out, having raised concerns about senior teaching staff.
I understand from last year’s Sky News report that that may not necessarily be an isolated incident, as the accountability process potentially involves trustees marking their own homework.
I am a strong supporter of academies, but there must be a balance.
Will the Minister commit to bringing in a system of accountability and transparency to prevent such things from happening?
Where concerns about an academy are identified or raised, the Department works closely with the trust to ensure that all statutory requirements are being met.
We are legislating in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill for a more proportionate route to intervention in the event of trusts not complying with legal duties, or acting in a way that is not reasonable.
I appreciate the complexity of the issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting to discuss it further.
In my constituency of Camborne and Redruth, a small number of multi-academy trusts are contributing to a high level of suspensions and exclusions.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that as a matter of urgency?
I appreciate the concerns that my hon.
Friend raises, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting to discuss them in more detail.