On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Well, I am not sure we should take one, but I have to give in to Dr Thérèse Coffey.
I want to thank you, Mr Speaker, for all that you have done in this Parliament.
It has been an extraordinary one, given the situation we went through with covid.
The way this Parliament continued to function was truly innovative, recognising the challenges of the time.
Many people are standing down.
I am not one of them, Mr Speaker—I hope to be re-elected to this House— but I am conscious that today is the opportunity for valedictory messages.
The point of order that I am really trying to make is to understand how today’s final debate will work.
I hope that there will be an opportunity for everybody to speak, with priority given to those making valedictory speeches, but that there will be a chance, too, for constituency MPs who want to raise issues.
I would be grateful for your guidance on when the debate is likely to start and finish.
I wish I could give an answer to that.
Unfortunately, I am not in control of the Lords.
Maybe it would be helpful if this House was.
[Laughter.]
As information comes through in real time, we will update the House.
We have some things to get through.
You are absolutely right that preference will be given to those Members who are standing down.
I think we will have more time than we would expect.
It does not look like an early finish for Members today.
Who knows, but I think we could be running until after 6 pm, so there will be time, but, as I say, I will give preference to those who are stepping down.
Let me say to those Members who are stepping down: thank you for being part of this Parliament.
Thank you for what you have done.
We are going to lose some good friends.
On both sides of the House, experience is leaving, and that is sad for all of us, but I wish you well in the next part of your careers.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Bob Seely presented a Bill to establish a regulator of ferry services operating in the Solent; to make provision about the powers and duties of that regulator; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 5 July , and to be printed (Bill 231).
I beg to move, That the Sanctions (EU Exit) (Miscellaneous Amendments and Revocations) Regulations 2024 (SI, 2024, No. 643), dated  14 May , a copy of which was laid before this House on  15 May , be approved.
In recent years, the UK has transformed its use of sanctions.
We have deployed sanctions in innovative and impactful ways, including in our response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
We have taken a rigorous approach, carefully targeted to deter and disrupt malign behaviour, and to demonstrate our defence of international norms.
This statutory instrument covers several measures that will strengthen our sanctions regimes across the board and allow us to continue the work already being implemented across Government.
I will run through each measure in turn.
First, in October 2023 the Government added a new type of sanction, the director disqualification sanctions, to the Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2018.
This instrument uses that power to amend the UK’s autonomous sanctions regimes, which will mean that the Government can apply it to individuals designated under these regimes.
It will be an offence for a designated person subject to this new measure to act as a director of a company or to take part in the management, formation or promotion of a company.
This will further prevent those sanctioned from deriving benefit from the UK economy.
It is an important addition to the UK sanctions toolkit.
This instrument provides Ministers with the flexibility to apply the new measure on a case-by-case basis.
The Government will ensure that the measure is targeted and operates alongside the UK’s full suite of sanction powers.
This instrument also enables the Government to issue licences to persons to allow them to undertake activity that is otherwise prohibited.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has been working closely with the Department for Business and Trade, Companies House and the Insolvency Service on the implementation of this measure.
The SI will also clarify the sanctions enforcement remit of His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
HMRC has well-established responsibilities for enforcing trade sanctions in its capacity as the UK customs authority.
In recent years, however, the scope of trade sanctions has evolved beyond import and export prohibitions, to include matters that are outside HMRC’s customs remit such as sanctions on stand-alone services.
Last December, the Government announced the decision to establish the Office of Trade Sanctions Implementation, within the Department for Business and Trade, in order to enforce these new types of measures under the civil law.
Once it starts operating, OTSI will also be able to refer serious offences to HMRC for criminal enforcement consideration.
HMRC will continue to have both civil and criminal enforcement responsibility for sanctions within its customs remit.
This legislation is needed to clarify the sanctions measures for which HMRC is solely responsible for enforcing and those which it  will investigate on referral from OTSI or another civil enforcement organisation.
The sanctioning of the shadow fleet is an issue of great importance to the Foreign Affairs Committee, so I thank the Government for introducing this really important legislation.
May I also thank you, Mr Speaker, for your support of the Foreign Affairs Committee during this Parliament, and put on the record my thanks to an incredible Committee that it has been an incredible honour to chair?
I thank in particular my Clerk, Chris Shaw, who is truly incredible, as well as the rest of the Committee, who have been wonderful.
On behalf of the Committee, I also thank the Government for all they have done on Ukraine, showing the leadership that means that Ukraine is still standing and fighting.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Minister confirm that this is not just about tackling money and profits going into the Russian coffers, but about violations of maritime law, and that is why today’s sanctions are so very important and why the Government are showing yet again that we will always stand by Ukraine?