Each and every Member present will claim that their constituency is different from everyone else’s, but Hendon—just like London—is very diverse.
As someone who was  born and grew up in the south of England and never saw a person of colour until the age of 12, being in Hendon did not come as a great shock to me, but it has taught me a huge amount.
I have a large Jewish constituency, a large Muslim constituency, Hindus, the largest Chinese community outside of Soho and Manchester, and the largest Iranian community in the whole country.
There are many issues that connect those different religious groups, which I have always campaigned on, but there has also been a huge amount of diversity in the local economy.
We have seen huge development, meaning that the boundary changes that have been applied will make a difference.
Under the previous Conservative council, when I was a councillor, we introduced development that created the Stonegrove estate, the Grahame Park estate, Beaufort Park, West Hendon, Upper Fosters and the Peel Centre.
All made homes for people in their local area, and we should be very grateful for that.
As I said, I have worked on issues that have brought communities together, but the reason why I have focused on the Jewish community is that they are a small number in this country—about 300,000.
The number of Muslims in this country is more like 6 million, and their voices will be heard by the different Members of Parliament in this place.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy)  raised issues of concern to many of my constituents—issues about antisemitism and education—but I am pleased that this week, Lord Pickles published his report of the Alderney expert review, laying to rest the issue of a concentration camp on British soil during the second world war.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Brigg and Goole has seen other things as well.
A particular issue of concern to my constituents is that of Israel, which is understandable.
My hon.
Friend and I visited Israel a few weeks after the  7 October  attacks.
We visited Kfar Aza, and I only wish that each and every Member here in Parliament could experience what we did.
I have not said this before, but my hon.
Friend said to me that he could not take pictures during that day, and I told him that we must.
Just as Bert Hardy and other photographers went into Bergen-Belsen and the other concentration camps, I said, “We have to go there and take pictures, so that the world knows this really did happen.”
We have had people saying that it did not happen, but I can assure you, Madam Deputy Speaker, that it did.
I would be one of those hawkish Members who wants to see the issue in Gaza resolved, but I do not believe a ceasefire now would achieve that.
I do not want to see any deaths on any side, but when Members said recently in a debate that there had been 30,000 civilian deaths, I tried to challenge that.
We do not know how many of those people are civilians and how many are Hamas fighters—the Foreign Office said that it has not made a prediction of that number—but we do know that 80% of people in Gaza support Hamas, and Hamas has got to be removed.
The decision of Ireland, Norway and Spain this week to recognise an independent Palestinian state is not only wrong, but allows the conclusion to emerge that terrorism works, and we cannot allow that.
It is simply impossible to recognise a state that has never existed in any meaningful form, so what exactly are those countries recognising?
I gently say to the premiers of Spain and Ireland that they have never particularly recognised their minority communities.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  said that you should never ask a question in this place if you do not know the answer.
There was an occasion when I asked the former Prime Minister—now Lord Cameron—if he would visit Israel.
I have to say that one of the best experiences of being in Parliament was the moment when I visited Lord Cameron in his suite at the King David hotel.
We walked past the guys with machine guns guarding him, and we sat and drank whisky with him.
I have to say that it was not that different from sitting on the throne in Saddam Hussein’s palace in Baghdad—of course, without Saddam Hussein, and with whisky.
We have lived through an extraordinary period in this Parliament.
People often ask me, “What is the best part of being an MP?”
I find that easy to answer: it is the people, particularly the constituents.
The stories that they tell are sometimes heart-wrenching, often annoying, regularly amusing and always interesting.
I have had great people working with me in the constituency—some political, some not.
I particularly think of people like Val Duschinsky and Hugh Rayner, who work with me in the Hendon association, as well as Rabbi Ginsbury, Simon Rea and Mushtaq Rehman, the respective leaders of their religious communities.
Activists such as Rupa Monerawela, Richard Nash and Manubhai Makwana have been a great support to me.
There are also individuals such as Ari Leaman, who has done so much for the teenage community, and Lorraine Bushell for the Grandparents’ Association.
I am asked what is the biggest mistake that I have ever made as a Member of Parliament.
That is easy to answer: it was on the military action in Libya, when I walked past my hon.
Friend  the Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Baron)  and thought, “How’s he going to explain why he’s voting against this?”
But we not only created a failed state, but significantly contributed to the current immigration and asylum crisis.
That was my biggest mistake, and I bitterly regret it.
The right hon.
Member for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge)  said that being an MP is not what it used to be, and she is correct.
Several years ago I was on a boat and the skipper said, “What was it you said that you did for a living?”
I said, “I didn’t.”
Before long, one of the other crew said, “Well, it can’t be as bad as being a Member of Parliament.”
It is still vital to be a Member of Parliament; those who come after us will recognise that.
I leave on one note that I am particularly sad about.
For 30 years, I have complained about sewage in our rivers and our seas.
Not much has changed over the last 30 years; all that has changed is that the Government have implemented a scheme for monitoring the amount of sewage that goes into our rivers and our seas.
The Lib Dems are making this a central plank of their election campaign.
They should be advised that their MPs voted against the super-sewer here in London, so they do not have a good record on the issue.
In my opinion, the EU directive was never fit for purpose, so while Ministers have repeatedly claimed that water quality is improving, it is simply not; it is the way that water quality is measured.
Such claims lead me to conclude that this is the same kind of behaviour by Ministers that was witnessed in the contaminated blood scandal.
Having been elected continuously for the last 22 years —for the last 14 as the Member of Parliament for Hendon—has taken a huge toll on me.
That is why I   have decided to step down, but I would not change it for a thing.
I am looking forward to Ameet Jogia, the Conservative candidate, taking forward what we have achieved.
He was not only born in the constituency but is a local candidate.
I have to thank my staff for the work that they have done over the last few years.
In this Parliament alone, they have undertaken 60,884 pieces of casework.
I have had a good staff who have remained friends, beginning with Laura Pike, Hannah Evans, Ness Hirst and Katherine Toone, and now with Eamonn Walsh, George Bose, Carolynne Fisher and Steve Martin, who volunteered, and Hilary Smith, who has been with me for the last 16 years.
They have really been true public servants.
As was said, they are the ones who ensure that the work is actually completed.
Of course, I cannot forget Maximus Decimus Meridius—my Jack Russell, Max—who still attends Parliament on occasions.
He has enabled me to concentrate on animal welfare issues.
So, in the spirit of a Roman language, I say: veni, vidi, vici.
Before we begin today’s business, I would like to pay tribute to Dame Eleanor Laing and Dame Rosie Winterton—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.
”]—who have both indicated that they will not be seeking re-election to this House.
Dame Eleanor has been a Deputy Speaker for more than a decade and succeeded me as Chair of Ways and Means when I was elected Speaker.
Hon.
Members may not be aware that as well as her role presiding over the Chamber, that office comes with a wide range of other responsibilities, including convening the Panel of Chairs, responsibility for Westminster Hall, and all the other things that I delegate that I do not want.
[Laughter.]
Thank you, Eleanor, for doing all that and for the service you have given.
Dame Rosie became a Deputy Speaker in 2017 after serving as Opposition Chief Whip through the 2010 Parliament.
She has used her deep knowledge of the inner workings of this place to great effect in the Chair and has given us tip-offs when we needed them.
I should like to put on the record my personal gratitude and, I am sure, the gratitude of all Members to them both for their service to the House during their long and distinguished parliamentary careers.
I know we will keep in touch, but I cannot thank them enough for all the help and support that they have given me.
I personally thank you both for what you have done.
We have achieved a lot during a difficult time.
I will share one thing with the House.
The one thing I said I would never, ever get involved in was saying what women should wear in the Chamber—that was beyond me.
The dress tsar was Eleanor.
The rules were Eleanor’s and enforced by Eleanor.
I will never want to take up that role, so I can only thank her for choosing what women should wear.
Any complaints, address them to Eleanor!