I would not be here today without two teachers who inspired and supported me as a young student with undiagnosed dyslexia.
They helped me get to Hull University and on the road to this Chamber.
Stephen Conway and Ken Winstanley, I thank you.
I would also like to pay special tribute to Anne Hoyer, a Labour giant on the Fylde coast who we sadly lost last week.
The first Blackpool constituency was created in 1885, a decade after the opening of the railway began to bring an influx of visitors to our town.
In 1945, a separate Blackpool South constituency was created; it became clear that it had an identity of its own.
It is home to the famous pleasure beach, Blackpool tower and three piers.
It has beaches with golden sands and, locals would argue, the best ice cream to be found anywhere at Notarianni’s, which has served tourists and locals since 1928.
I am a child of tourism, my mum having moved to Blackpool to become a redcoat in the 80s, but I am also a child of public service.
My dad was a Blackpool postie who wanted to help and support fellow workers in Royal Mail, and then those in BT and others throughout the Communication Workers Union.
Thanks to the last Labour Government, my mum was able to retrain for free and became an early years teaching assistant at my primary school—her dream job.
Before them, there was my paternal nan, Val Harman, a scout leader who dedicated her life to inspiring young people; my paternal grandfather, Brian Harman, who was a local independent councillor and who, at 83 years old, is still heavily involved in his local community centre in Burntwood; and my paternal grandfather, Dougie Webb, who served in world war two, fighting fascism in Europe and Africa, and who once guarded Winston Churchill at Chequers—all of them public servants.
While I was tracing my paternal grandmother’s history, I was amazed to find out how deep my family’s public service roots go.
I discovered that my 14th great-grandfather, Edmund Moody, saved the life of Henry VIII.
The King, out hunting with his hawk, tried to reach over a ditch with a pole, which broke.
Edmund, a footman of the King’s, leapt into the water and saved him from drowning.
Sadly, the £6 a year pension and the land that he received as a reward did not stretch far enough to  help his descendant, my nan Margaret Webb, who had a tough life growing up in Liverpool.
I was raised not on stories of brave footmen who saved kings, but on the stories of my nan and her sisters, who wore newspapers for shoes and battled TB during wartime without  an NHS.
Through grit, determination and the welfare reforms of a progressive Labour Government, my nan and granddad were able to move into one of the first council houses built in Blackpool in the ’50s, in Grange Park.
She went on to run a small business in Blackpool’s famous Abingdon Street market.
Having grown up without proper healthcare, she knew the value of our NHS and how vital it is that we protect it.
I will make it my mission in this place to do so in her memory.
Since the pandemic, Blackpool has seen record numbers of visitors rightly returning to our beloved seaside town, which has so much to offer, but while tourism recovery is central to our town’s future, it is time to focus on the recovery of our communities beyond the prom.
After years of austerity, and now during the cost of living crisis, all too often, the town that I am proud to call home is recognised as being at the sharp end of statistics for poverty, crime, mental ill health, low life expectancy and more.
I will work tirelessly for those communities—hopefully in the next Parliament, too—and I hope to prove that politics has the power to change people’s lives.
My heartfelt thanks go out to the people of Blackpool South, who put their trust in me on  2 May  and elected me as their Blackpool born and bred Member of Parliament.
My hometown’s motto is “Progress”.
The town that pioneered municipal street lighting, electric tramways and modern tourism for the working classes has continued to forge ahead, even with deep spending cuts.
Blackpool South now has a Labour MP.
Under what I hope is an imminent Labour Government, I will fight to make sure that progress is possible for everyone in Blackpool, inspiring the next generation.
With economic stability, families in Blackpool South, where a third of children live in poverty, will not have to choose between heating and eating.
Cuts to NHS waiting times will mean that those in Blackpool South, where people are twice as likely to die from heart disease by the age of 75 as people in wealthy areas, will be able to see a doctor when they need to.
Hundreds more police on the streets will mean that in Blackpool, where weapon and knife offences have increased by more than 400% since 2015, safety will be restored to our communities.
But those painful statistics tell only half the story.
Anyone from Blackpool will tell you to look behind the headlines, and beyond the bright lights of the illuminations, to find the real story of our town.
It is alive with grassroots creativity and culture, has a thriving LGBTQ+ community, and a wealth of fascinating lives that could only have been lived in Blackpool.
It is a story of community resilience, and of people who, with very little themselves, are always willing to give to someone else who has less.
We have a wealth of community organisations and charities working hard to improve lives in Blackpool South.
For their dedication to the town, I would like to thank Counselling in the Community and its inspirational founder Stuart Hutton-Brown; Blackpool Food Bank; Fylde Coast Women’s Aid; Reclaim Blackpool; Skool of Street; Blackpool Street Angels;  Boathouse Youth; the Friends of Stanley Park; the St Peter’s Church soup kitchen; and many others too numerous to mention.
In closing, I would not be standing here today without the support of our good friend and my mentor, Tony Lloyd.
Tony was an incredible northern Labour parliamentarian who we sadly lost at the start of this year.
“For me, politics is all about people,” Tony once told me.
“It’s that sense of human solidarity that matters.
If it’s not about making people’s lives better, don’t be a politician.”
I am sad that he is not here to see me take my seat, but I will honour Tony’s memory by serving my constituents in the same way that he served his, with people at the heart of my politics.
I rise to speak briefly on sanctions, but before I do so, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on an excellent maiden speech.
It is my privilege to give my final speech on the back of such a brilliant first speech.
Although I am sure that those in Conservative central office will have other ideas, I hope it is the first of many speeches he gives in this House.
This place matters in terms of the way the UK competes with our adversaries and those who challenge us all around the world.
It is not just what the Government do through the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, our embassies and other Departments.
It is important that Parliament shows its resolve.
As any colleague in the House who has had the pleasure of travelling to do the Government’s business overseas will know, we are routinely beaten up by Ministers in foreign countries for things that are said on these Benches.
Therefore, the resolve of the House to give resolute support to the Government of the day on our foreign policy is enormously important.
We do that through not just the employment of our military, with whom it has been my great pleasure to work during the past four years, but the way we pull all the levers of government to achieve effect, through both hard and soft power, all around the world.
Therefore, at the back end of this Parliament, these are important measures before us today and it is right that they are being put through with cross-party consensus.
My personal circumstances mean that I cannot be here later today, Mr Speaker, so I hope you will indulge me  if I say one or two quick thank yous as I draw my parliamentary account to a close.
As I segue from the strategic and the international, I wish, first, to thank all of those ministerial colleagues with whom I have had the pleasure of serving over the past four years, as we have gone through an incredible period of challenge to our nation.
I have served alongside many who have made me a better person, through all their expertise and all that they have been able to teach me, but none more so than my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) .
I have worked alongside him in some of the darkest moments our nation has faced in generations, during the pandemic, the Kabul airlift and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and that will stick with me as one of the proudest times of my life.
It was a great honour to serve alongside you, Secretary of State.
I also wish to thank my partner, family and friends, particularly my children, Charlie and Tilly, for all their love and support over the past nine years.
I thank my  staff, both in my constituency office and here in Westminster.
I thank those in the Wells Conservative Association for their support and kindness.
I thank my constituents for sending me here; whether or not they voted for me, representing them has been a huge privilege.
As you know well, Mr Speaker, our public discourse is changing for the worse and there is a toxicity to it now that means it requires real bravery to come to sit on these Benches.
You have been a great protector of this House and of those who have the courage to sit on these green Benches, to speak up for their opinions and their constituencies, and to try to make a positive difference for those they represent and our country at large.
Thank you for your leadership and guidance during this very difficult Parliament.
Thank you for all your support—and for the occasional bollocking when I have gone for too long at the Dispatch Box.