Question put and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Sanctions (EU Exit) (Miscellaneous Amendments and Revocations) Regulations 2024 (SI, 2024, No. 643), dated  14 May , a copy of which was laid before this House on  15 May , be approved.
I beg to move, That the draft Coroners (Suspension of Requirement for Jury at Inquest: Coronavirus) Regulations 2024, which were laid before this House on  2 May , be approved.
Before I address the purpose of the statutory instrument, I would also like to congratulate  the new hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on his maiden speech.
His efforts to avoid being the subject of a pub quiz, honourable though they are, may be slightly forlorn: I cannot recall too many occasions on which an hon.
Member made their maiden speech on the same day that Parliament rose for the next election, so I suspect that he may still be the subject of pub quizzes into the future.
This instrument is an important part of the Government’s ongoing support for coroner services in their continuing recovery from the covid-19 pandemic.
It extends for a further two years the disapplication of the statutory requirement for any inquest into a death involving covid-19 to be held with a jury, which will have practical benefits for the coroner service.
Although the real-time impacts of covid-19 have diminished, they are inevitably delayed in the coronial context, as inquest backlogs—some of which were built up during the pandemic in order to manage wider pressures—continue to be worked through.
Natural covid-19 deaths would not normally be reported to the coroner.
However, where the cause of death is unknown or suspicious or has occurred in state detention, covid-19 may be suspected as a contributing factor.
Save for the provision that we are seeking to extend, section 7 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 would require any inquest into such deaths to be held with a jury, because covid-19 is a notifiable disease.
As the Minister may be aware, I had two tragic cases in my constituency involving an inquest.
Does he not think it is about time that we modernised the whole system and gave it more resources?
If somebody has lost a loved one, waiting for five or six years and never getting resolution is not good.
Is it not about time that we looked at the process and the training and did something a bit faster for people?