The Prime Minister told Figen at lunchtime on Wednesday that the Bill would be rushed through Parliament before the summer recess—that was at 1 pm, as I understand it.
Have you had any explanation, Mr Speaker, from the Prime Minister about why he would say that when four hours later he called the general election—clearly, no Bill could be rushed through before the summer recess—and about the fact that he misled Figen Murray?
First, we must be careful in the language that we use.
I have no knowledge or information about what conversation took place.
I will not speculate on what happened, and I know that the right hon.
Lady would not expect me to speculate.
However, she has put it on the record, and I think we will leave at that for now.
I will now suspend the House.
The Division bells will ring to warn Members five minutes before the House returns.
Sitting suspended.
On resuming— King’s recommendation signified.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 52(1)(b) , That, for the purposes of any Act resulting from the Victims and Prisoners Bill, it is expedient to authorise the payment out of money provided by Parliament of any expenditure incurred under or by virtue of the Act by a Minister of the Crown.—(Mike Wood.)
Question agreed to.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 52(1)(b) , That, for the purposes of any Act resulting from the Victims and Prisoners Bill, it is expedient to authorise the making of provision under the Act in relation to income tax, corporation tax, capital gains tax, stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax in connection with a transfer of property, rights or liabilities by a scheme under the Act.—(Mike Wood.)
Ordered, That proceedings on consideration of Lords amendments to the Victims and Prisoners Bill shall be considered in the following order: Lords amendments 35, 46, 32, 33, 47, 54, 98 and 99, 106,  1 to 31, 34, 36 to 45, 48 to 53, 55 to 97, 100 to 105 and 107 to 143.
—(Mike Wood.)
Consideration of Lords amendments I must draw the House’s attention to the fact that financial privilege is engaged by Lords amendments 33, 44, 56 to 60, 63, 64 and 142.
If those Lords amendments are agreed to, I will cause the customary entry waiving Commons financial privilege to be entered in the Journal.
I beg to move amendment (a) to Lords amendment 35.
With this it will be convenient to discuss: Lords amendment 35, and Government amendments (b) and (c).
Lords amendment 46, and Government amendment (a).
Lords amendment 32, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendment (a) in lieu.
Lords amendment 33, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 47, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 54, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendment (a) in lieu.
Lords amendments 98 and 99, Government motions to disagree, and Government amendment (a) in lieu.
Lords amendment 106, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) and (b) in lieu.
Lords amendments 1 to 31, 34, 36 to 45, 48 to 53, 55 to 97, 100 to 105, and 107 to 143.
It is a privilege to open this debate and bring the Victims and Prisoners Bill back to this House, slightly larger and more robust—a description that I fear, after nine years in this place, could apply to my physique too.
A series of amendments were made in the other place that we believe strengthen the intentions behind the Bill.
At the outset, I express my gratitude to the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) , and to the usual channels for their work in a very short timeframe to ensure that we are able to proceed with the Bill today.
It is a pleasure to serve opposite the shadow Minister.
He knows not only the huge respect but the fondness I have for him.
Notwithstanding the six weeks of to and fro that I suspect we may have during the election, I want to put it on the record that I genuinely wish him very well for the future.
On Report in the House of Lords, we strengthened measures on victims to make it clear that compliance with the code is not optional and to bolster measures to   hold agencies to account for its delivery.
We also introduced measures to give a stronger voice to victims of offenders whose conditional release is considered by the mental health tribunal, to make it clear that victims who have signed non-disclosure agreements can make disclosures to much-needed support services without fear of legal action, and to raise the threshold for the disclosure of counselling notes for victims so that they can now only be disclosed where they are of substantial probative value.
We also tabled an amendment in the other place yesterday to create a new ground within article 17 of the UK general data protection regulation specifically for the victims of stalking and harassment to request deletion of personal data related to false allegations.
The amendment will help protect victims from further distress caused by the retention of such data.
I put on the record my gratitude and tribute to  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy)  for raising the issue and campaigning on it, and to my friend the noble Baroness Morgan of Cotes for pursuing it in the other place.
I turn to Lords amendments to part 3 of the Bill relating to infected blood.
I am grateful, and I know this country will be grateful, to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for her tireless campaigning in seeking to expose and tackle this national scandal and ensure that those who have been victims of it receive the support and compensation they deserve.
The Lords amendments do three crucial things.
They impose a duty on the Government to establish a UK-wide infected blood compensation scheme within three months of Royal Assent; they establish a new arm’s length body named the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to deliver the compensation scheme; and they impose a duty on the Government to make interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of deceased infected people where previous interim payments have not been made.
I am grateful to the Minister for all the work that he has done on the amendments, but could I ask him about the final group who have received not a penny—the parents who lost children and the children who lost parents?
The Government have announced an additional £210,000 for those who were infected, to be paid within 90 days.
There is no timescale for payments to people who have not received anything yet.
Can he help the House understand when the payments will be made?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady, and I know that  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South West (Chris Stephens)  has raised similar questions previously.
I know that the right hon.
Lady and others are in correspondence with my right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Minister for the Cabinet Office.
The questions raised are complex and detailed.
My understanding is that Robert Francis will be spending June having those conversations with communities and with victims and families, so that he can work out the detail of the answers to those questions from the basis of what those families and communities want to see, rather than a Minister or anyone else pre-empting that.
One of the key lessons that I and, I hope, the Government   and this House have taken from the work the right hon.
Lady has done is the need to listen to those affected, and that is what Sir Robert will be doing.
I do not want to pre-empt that from the Dispatch Box.
rose— I suspect that the right hon.
Lady will want to enlarge on the point in her speech, but of course I will let her come back now.
I am grateful.
I just gently point out to the Minister that Sir Brian Langstaff told the Government in April 2023—over a year ago—to get on and make these payments.
I have to say that work could have been undertaken in that period to get to the point where payments could be made quickly, and it is very regrettable that that has not happened.
I entirely note, and the House and country will have heard, the points made by the right hon.
Lady.
She participated in the statement by the Prime Minister and the subsequent statement by the Minister for the Cabinet Office, which set out the work that he has undertaken at pace to make things move forward.
What we see in this Bill is a hugely important step forward, and I look forward to Robert Francis working at pace to ensure that the views of those affected are genuinely reflected in the detailed answers to the questions that the right hon.
Lady has posed.
The Government amendments demonstrate our absolute commitment to delivering long-overdue justice to the victims.
Too many people, whether they are infected or affected, have seen their life chances taken away, watched loved ones die needlessly, and endured the most terrible stigma, none of which should ever have happened.
I can only hope that, with the inquiry’s report published and with our firm commitment to compensate those touched by the scandal, the infected blood community know that their cries for justice have finally been heard.
As I have said, a lot of that is a tribute to the right hon.
Lady’s work.
The Government have also tabled amendments to make reforms to provisions on those serving imprisonment and detention sentences for public protection.
We will be further reducing the qualifying period to two years for those who were convicted when aged under 18.
We will also allow the Secretary of State to have discretion to decide that recall should have no effect on the two-year automatic licence determination period, as well as requiring that an annual report be laid before Parliament on the support for those serving these sentences.
I am grateful to Members of both Houses for the constructive way in which they have engaged with the Bill, and I am delighted that we will be able to complete its passage ahead of Prorogation.
I will set out the detail of the motions that we are bringing forward today in response to those outstanding issues.
In respect of Lords amendment 35, we are seeking to amend the measure on the issuing of guidance about victim support roles in clause 18.
Victim support roles operate across different settings, some of which are  devolved.
The Senedd did not grant legislative consent for this measure as previously drafted.
I am therefore tabling an amendment so that the duty to issue guidance applies to England and reserved matters in Wales only.
I have consequently removed the requirement to consult Welsh Ministers on any guidance issues.
I am grateful for the constructive discussions that have taken place in relation to the important principles that sit behind this clause, which aim to improve the consistency of support services provided to victims.
I am confident that we can continue to work together so that victims have that consistency across both countries.
Lords amendment 46 is a technical amendment to move the clause on child victims of domestic abuse to the right part of the Bill.
We have accepted the principle of Lords amendment 32, which will place a duty on relevant authorities to co-operate with the Victims’ Commissioner when requested.
We heard the strength of feeling that a response to the Victims’ Commissioner, as they do their important work, should not be seen as a favour.
Instead, there should be clear and open co-operation as an integral part of enabling the independent scrutiny that victims deserve.
The Government’s amendment makes a few  minor changes.
First, it extends required co-operation further than to simply assist the commissioner in  monitoring compliance with the victims code.
Instead, it requires co-operation in relation to any of the Victims’ Commissioner functions, which include promoting the interests of victims and witnesses.
Secondly, it adds important safeguards to make clear that any co-operation must be not only practical but appropriate.
This protects against potential interference with activities that are rightly independent, such as the exercise of prosecutorial discretion.
Thirdly, it future-proofs the clause by putting this duty on the agencies that deliver services under the victims code, rather than including a specific list of bodies, which may become out of date.
Lords amendment 33 seeks to require training to be provided to those with obligations under the victims code.
Of course, agencies should and do have training in place to deliver the legislative duty to act in accordance with the code, but that training must be tailored to the specific function that each person is discharging, and agencies are best placed to do that.
We consider that in placing an additional burden on the Secretary of State to implement a strategy for training, this amendment would be costly and inefficient.
It would not be proper for an amendment from the Lords to place financial burdens on public authorities.
We also consider that the more effective approach, as has been committed by the Government in the other place, is to include a requirement for agencies to report on the adequacy of their co-training as part of evidence in delivery of code entitlements.
This gives us a route to identify and address ineffective training if it has led to non-compliance with the code.
Lords amendment 47 seeks to establish an immigration firewall and prevent the police from sharing with immigration enforcement data relating to immigration status.
We disagree with this amendment because it would be inappropriate to impose a blanket restriction on the use of personal data in the circumstances to which the amendment relates.
It would not prevent the perpetrator from informing immigration enforcement about the victim’s immigration status and would impact on the ability to investigate crimes and support victims.
Lords amendment 54 seeks to place a statutory duty of candour on all public authorities, public servants and officials after a major incident has been declared in writing by the Secretary of State.
The Government share the desire to see an end to unacceptable institutional defensiveness, but we cannot accept the amendment in the current form, because it would not sit neatly on top of the existing frameworks; it is not well suited to replace what already exists for major incidents and beyond; it does not take into account the nuances of different professions in the spheres of the public sector; and it could entail significant legal uncertainty.
This is a complex area, so we believe that it would be unwise to rush forward with an amendment, but we have tabled an amendment in lieu to require a statutory review to determine whether additional duties of transparency and candour should be imposed on public authorities and public servants in relation to major incidents.
The review will need to be completed by the end of the calendar year, and following its completion, a report will be laid before the Government.
It will be for whichever Government are elected in six weeks’ time to determine what to do with that.
We are also bringing forward an amendment in lieu of Lords amendments 98 and 99.
The Government amendment will ensure that those convicted of controlling or coercive behaviour who are sentenced to at least 12 months’ imprisonment will be automatically subject to management under multi-agency public protection arrangements, or MAPPA.
That will ensure that we effectively manage and target the most dangerous domestic abuse offenders.
A previous amendment was tabled in the other place to add domestic abuse and stalking perpetrators to those who qualify for automatic MAPPA management.
Although there is a legal definition of domestic abuse, a specific domestic abuse crime does not exist, with the exception of controlling or coercive behaviour.
Therefore, although well intentioned, the amendment would still have required criminal justice agencies to decide case by case whether a defendant was eligible for MAPPA management.
Consequently, the amendment would have not achieved the intention of reducing or eliminating any scope for local discretion.