Our community cohesion in Cornwall is being undermined by the housing crisis, with many locals priced out or even facing homelessness.
This matter requires urgent attention, and I am therefore pleased that this Government have placed building new homes at the top of our legislative agenda.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister ensure that we are building the right kinds of homes in Cornwall—namely, social homes?
Absolutely, and my hon.
Friend is right.
We are strengthening housing targets and acting to ensure that local plans are ambitious enough to support this Government’s commitment to 1.5 million homes in this Parliament, including social homes.
Under our new proposals, assessed housing need across Cornwall would increase by around 65%, demonstrating our commitment to approving the supply of new homes that his constituents desperately need.
Following the horrific Islamophobic attacks experienced by Muslim communities around the country, the Princess Street mosque in Burton-upon-Trent opened its doors to the wider community so that everyone could learn more about Islam and see their place of worship.
This was a way to challenge misinformation and promote mutual understanding.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister welcome this as an example of how communities can help bring people together?
I absolutely welcome it, and I commend the actions such as those taken by the Burton-upon-Trent mosque.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that building  understanding among those from different backgrounds is vital to fostering strong communities.
This Government are committed to working with communities around the UK to build a culture of cohesion, trust and mutual respect and we will outline further actions in due course.
Could I ask the Secretary of State whether she agrees, given the commitment to build 1.5 million new homes, that community cohesion comes from a planning system where community infrastructure is front-loaded in development, rather than people having to live 10 years on a new build estate without anywhere to come together to celebrate as a community?
I absolutely agree that it is important that infrastructure is built around our 1.5 million homes target.
That is why we set out the proposals in the consultation on the national planning policy framework to ensure that people see the homes they desperately need, the right homes that they need and the vital infrastructure around that.