The regeneration and refurbishment of town centres such as mine is being structurally disincentivised by the tax regime, which gives preferential treatment to new builds on out-of-town retail parks, instead of renovating our much-loved historic high streets.
Southport’s town centre is beautiful, but has definitely seen better days.
Just this weekend, our much-loved independent bookshop, Broadhurst, was closed down after over 100 years of trading.
Given the dire economic circumstances we inherited from the former Government, what can the Minister do to incentivise the private sector to invest in our town centres and high streets, bringing life back to them?
I am grateful for that question.
With your forbearance, Mr Speaker, may I say, before I answer, that I and my ministerial colleagues know my hon.
Friend’s community has been through a dreadful last few weeks and that our support is with them?
I know he will come forward with other ways in which we can help.
We went through something similar in Nottingham and I know how dreadful it is for the community.
We are here to help.
On the tax regime, we are committed to a fairer business rate system.
In our manifesto, we pledged to level the playing field between the high street and online giants, as well as to incentivise investment, tackle empty properties and support entrepreneurship.
Listening to business and communities, we will continue to consider how we can go further to support high streets, while new powers such as rental auctions and the right to  buy community assets empower those communities to address decline.
The Government are rightly focused on bringing empty properties back into use as part of our commitment to regenerate high streets, but encouraging footfall by supporting local communities to hold events in our town centres is another way we can bring life back to our high streets and support local businesses.
That is certainly the approach I took when I was the cabinet member on Medway Council in charge of economic regeneration, using the UK shared prosperity fund.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss learnings from that experience and what an improved new fund could look like under this Government?