Given that winter fuel payments will no longer be there for older people who are not entitled to pension credit, what steps has the Secretary of State taken to extend the household support fund, so that local authorities can provide emergency grants, as well as warm spaces?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about people on pension credit and, in particular, about the household support fund.
It is incredibly important, first, that the many people who are entitled to those benefits but are not claiming them do so, and secondly, that the household support fund and the work that we can do to support people is well known.
We work with local authorities, which administer the fund, to make sure that the money is given to the people who need it the most.
We inherited very difficult circumstances because of the previous Conservative Government.
The Chancellor has set out how we can expand the fund to help people who desperately need it.
Devonport dockyard in Plymouth has a strong future proudly refitting the Royal Navy’s submarines.
However, for that to happen, the city needs, among other things, more housing.
The location for this housing is there, in the city centre, but it will require a national effort to deliver it.
Will the Minister meet a cross-party delegation from Plymouth to take forward these vital plans?
I am well aware of the case that the hon.
Lady cites and of that city centre location, and I am more than happy to meet that delegation.
I know from my time as chair of the Local Government Association that all council leaders, regardless of political persuasion, need more money for local government, but that there is also a commitment from the sector to reforming the sector.
Will the Minister confirm his willingness to work with council leaders, regardless of political persuasion, to reform the system, and also to take a look at population under-counting, which is costing my council millions of pounds each year?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he did in local government, and as chair of the LGA, to make sure that the sector spoke with one voice and worked in collaboration with Government to try to get a better outcome for local councils.
This Government will continue in that spirit.