What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, the Government are committed to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
In the 59 days that we have been in office we have already proposed changes to the national planning policy framework to support that objective and confirmed a range of new flexibilities to help councils and housing associations make a greater contribution to affordable housing supply.
In their dying days, the previous Government consulted on changes to the way that social housing is allocated.
Those proposals were described by the chief executive of Shelter as “unnecessary, unenforceable and unjust”.
The chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Housing warned that they would force many people into homelessness.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government will not be taking forward those damaging proposals?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
The Government have today published a formal response to that consultation, setting out precisely why we will not  be taking those proposals forward.
It is important that we allocate social housing fairly and efficiently.
The proposals put forward by the previous Government were deeply flawed.
As respondents to the consultation made clear, they would not only fail to improve how social housing is allocated, but cost taxpayers a fortune, swell the number of people in expensive temporary accommodation and increase the risk of harm to the public.
The only way to meet the demand for genuinely affordable social rented homes is to build more of them, which is precisely what we intend to do.
Obviously, social housing is important, and we want to see it in the right places across the country.
I cannot understand why this Government are now proposing  to reduce the number of new homes in London by 17,000 a year and in areas all around London—including counties such as Essex—by 18,000 a year.
Surely one of the most important things that we need to do is increase that supply of social housing, particularly in London.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is referring to the changes to the national planning policy framework rather than to social housing specifically.
We have made those changes proposed to the standard method.
They will give London a realistic, but achievable, new target.
[Interruption.]
Let me explain why.
The way that the previous Government applied the urban uplift unfairly to London gave it an unrealistic, fantastical target that it could not meet.
We will ensure that we are pushing the mayor on a realistic, but achievable one.