Residents in rural areas such as my constituency are seeing drastic cuts to local services despite their council tax having gone up this year.
That is because councils are struggling to balance budgets.
When the fair funding review takes place, will the Secretary of State commit to considering the cost of delivering services in vast rural areas, which is in excess of the same cost in urban areas?
We will absolutely ensure that the true cost of public service delivery is accounted for in different parts of the country and in different local authorities—that will be part of it.
However, I say gently that although the Conservatives were the architects of austerity, the Liberal Democrats were definitely there sharpening the pencil.
The Government have my full support in making housing more affordable for my constituents and those across the UK, and creating more social rented housing will be important in that.
Will the Minister update the House on the Government’s plans to protect existing council stock by reviewing the increased right to buy discounts introduced in 2012?
The Government have started to review the increased right to buy discounts introduced in 2012, as we promised to do in our manifesto.
We will lay secondary legislation in the autumn and consult on wider reforms.
We recognise the importance of right to buy as a route to home ownership for tenants, but we must, as my hon.
Friend makes clear, protect our existing stock and boost the supply of new social rented homes.
Managing the need to build new homes and to protect our valuable green spaces will always be a tricky balancing act.
Will the Government put in the national planning policy framework anything that will protect the concept of the green belt in areas such as Esher and Walton, and will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss it?
The Government have made it clear in that very consultation that we do not intend to change the general purpose or extent of the green belt.
We are committed to making changes to ensure that we are releasing the right parts of the green belt to meet housing need.
The hon.
Lady is more than welcome to submit her own views as part of that consultation.
Among the many people who are concerned about the safety of buildings—understandably, given recent events—are those who work or live in residential social care homes.
Does today’s announcement include higher safety standards, including sprinkler systems in such homes?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that we should ensure that the most vulnerable in society are protected.
That is why the Government have today announced an amendment to the statutory fire safety guidance to make provision for sprinkler systems in all new care homes.
Over 10,000 people, many of whom are in really desperate conditions, are on the housing waiting list in Taunton and Wellington and in Somerset as a whole.
Will the Secretary of State allow councils to borrow at low interest rates to build the council houses that we need across the country, and support councils such as Somerset council, which is pioneering the first council houses for a generation in some parts of the county?
As I made clear in response to a previous question, we understand very much the pressure that local authorities are under and the pressure on their housing revenue accounts.
We are reviewing our position and will make further announcements in due course.
Blackpool’s Waterloo Road and Bond Street were once thriving local tourist hotspots that underpinned our local economy all year round.
When the Deputy Prime Minister last visited Blackpool with me, she saw for herself the awful visible decline of those areas.
Will she and her Department work with me and local businesses to ensure their successful regeneration?