When the Secretary of State looks at the rules around local authority compulsory purchase orders, and at removing hope value for house building purposes, will she look at having the same rules for playing fields that local authorities want to keep as playing fields and not build on?
That would allow sites such as Udney park playing field in my constituency, which has lain derelict for a decade under private ownership, to be brought into community use again.
It sounds as if the hon.
Lady has a response for the NPPF consultation that is in development.
I welcome her views on playing fields.
On CPOs, there is a discretionary power to disapply section 17 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 in relation to hope value.
We need to ensure that that is brought into force; then we will take further steps to reform CPOs, as outlined in our manifesto.
The last Government made local councils compete for pots of money.
Bingley pool in my constituency was due to receive a levelling-up award.
Those funds are vital for the regeneration of our towns.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on the review of those awards, and on the timescale for informing communities such as mine, who have been let down by the Conservatives’ unfunded promises, of the results?
I share my hon.
Friend’s anger that promises that did  not have a strong financial backing were made to  communities—promises that the Government are having to work their way through.
As I said, we want to move away from the broken competitive model, but we know that promises have been made, and we are working on them.
Hon.
Members will hear further answers from us before the Budget on  30 October .
The national planning policy framework clearly militates against building on agricultural land.
Notwithstanding the Minister’s desire not to interfere in local democracy, will he write to the leader of Thanet district council to remind him that agricultural land is the stuff that we grow food on, and cannot be for housing if we are to remain sustainable?
We are maintaining the existing strong protection for the best and most versatile agricultural land that is most important for food production.
The line that we are removing from the NPPF was added in December 2023, and does not provide clear and meaningful guidance to authorities about what they should do, in addition to having that strong protection in place.
On Wednesday, the phase 2 report of the Grenfell inquiry will be published, and I am sure that the whole House will join me in remembering the 72 residents who lost their lives in an entirely preventable tragedy over seven years ago.
Four recommendations for central Government are still outstanding from the phase 1 report, including personalised emergency evacuation plans for disabled people.
Will the Secretary of State update us on the progress in implementing the phase 1 recommendations in full?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: this week will be very difficult for the community around Grenfell, including the survivors and those who lost loved ones.
He is also right to say that there are outstanding measures from phase 1.
The Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government,  the hon.
Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) , made a written ministerial statement today that will hopefully show where the Government intend to go, but there is a lot that needs to be done.
On Wednesday, the whole House will have a moment of reflection, and we will think of those at Grenfell in the coming weeks.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her dancing skills, her appointment and her outstanding answer to the question from the shadow Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , on council tax, which I will pursue.
Can she assure the House and guarantee that she will not remove the single person discount, which is so important to pensioners who are already losing out because of the absence of the winter fuel allowance?
That would put gladness into the heart of elderly people across the country who live on small incomes.