Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for giving me the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
I congratulate all the other Members who have made their maiden speeches this evening, from the whiskey and sausages of Glasgow West to the pottery of Stoke-on-Trent South, the young people of Croydon East, and the beautiful tour of North East Hampshire, which I have driven through many times.
I pay particular tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dorking and Horley (Chris Coghlan)  for delivering an incredibly powerful and moving maiden speech with no notes—very impressive.
It is very relevant to join in this debate on the role of technology in public services following several conversations that I had during recess about the challenges of connecting Devon and, in particular, the South Hams and Dartmoor to high speed internet.
It is something that I will be coming back to with the Minister.
If we are going to support rural communities, small businesses, the self-employed and those studying online, we have to get them connected.
We must also be aware of the danger of digital exclusion.
For all those who cannot use computers, particularly older people, we must ensure that there is always a decent working offline alternative to apps and QR codes.
I am very proud to say that I am the first non-Conservative MP to be elected in my large rural constituency for over 100 years.
It had a very short flirtation with Liberalism in 1923 when Henry Vivian was elected.
Sadly, he lasted only 10 months before being replaced by another Conservative.
Vivian was the founder of the co-operative housing movement, and it is a real shame that he did not last a bit longer, because we could really do with his legacy in South Devon.
It is a spectacular part of the UK, from the art deco hotel sitting atop Burgh Island to the eastern slopes of Dartmoor, the Rivers Dart and Avon that meander south to the sea, the headland at Berry Head where you can spot dolphins playing in the water, and the rolling hills and hedges of the South Hams.
It is the place I made home 17 years ago, after leaving London.
I took my two small daughters to Devon to be nearer family after the death of my husband from cancer in 2003, and it is great that they are both with us today.
Being widowed at 34 with very young children is a brutal experience, but it taught me many things—the power of community, the value of friendship and family, the strength of support from kindred spirits.
Here I pay tribute to the Widowed and Young organisation, which I chaired for a couple of years.
Hanging out with a bunch of widows may not sound like much fun, but being with people who understand what you are going through at a difficult time, and who can truly empathise, is transformational.
I will always champion community and support groups who bring people together.
Leaving London for a rural community was a bit of a gamble.
Busy London play parks were replaced by empty fields, and I was almost the only single parent in the school.
I did feel like an outsider.
We had no internet connection, and had to dial in through a satellite dish on the roof, which drove me completely insane; but we got some battery hens and watched in awe as their feathers grew back and they began laying eggs again.
I learned to manage a septic tank and oil-fired central heating.
I navigated the complete lack of buses and the absence of breakfast and after-school clubs, which was not easy for a single working mother.
Rural life poses many extra challenges, so three years later we moved to Totnes, I met my lovely second husband, and this special town became home.
It is often described as alternative, but I prefer to say that it is a place that knows the meaning of the word “community”.
It is a place where it is quite normal to question the idea that a planet with finite resources can support infinite growth, a place where the seriously wealthy question   why they are not being taxed more to support those who have less, and a place where radical thinking is seen as a really important thing to do.
My constituency is where Agatha Christie lived by the River Dart, and further downstream, naval recruits are trained at Britannia royal naval college.
We have wild camping on Dartmoor—long may it continue—paddleboarding in the bay, surfing on the south coast and the world’s biggest pirate festival in Brixham, as well as ancient family farms, stunning beaches and thousands of miles of hedgerows.
We also have the revival of the cirl bunting, a success story championed by my predecessor but one, Sarah Wollaston, who sat on several Benches in this House.
Once near extinction, there are now over 1,000 cirl bunting pairs singing from the farmland of South Devon and Cornwall because of the environmental work done by farmers in my constituency.
It is proof that farming for food and restoring nature can go hand in hand.
We have one of the country’s largest fish markets at Brixham, as well as shell fishermen, oyster farms and scallop divers.
An energetic conversation about sustainability and the long-term future of the fishing industry is being had, and I will work with fishers and scientists, so that we can create policy here that ensures that we can continue to fish while protecting stocks for the future.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Anthony Mangnall, who worked hard to establish the National Independent Lifeboat Association.
Together with the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, it provides an incredible emergency service for all those who work or play on the water.
On land, we have hundreds of hospitality businesses that offer a brilliant experience—I recommend hon.
Members all come and try them out—but they have taken a massive hit over the past few years, and they really need our support now to survive.
However, there is so much more to South Devon that does not make it on to the postcards or the chocolate boxes.
We have Britain’s most expensive seaside town in Salcombe, where an average house costs £970,000, but not far away we have left-behind neighbourhoods where people struggle to make ends meet on low-paid seasonal work and live in poor-quality housing.
This disparity of wealth can be hard to get your head around.
I would like us to think really hard and creatively in this place about how we can help even out our society, so that no one is raising a disabled child in a mould-filled home within sight of a millionaire’s yacht in the harbour below.
The lack of public transport leads to loneliness and isolation, and adds to the lack of opportunities for our young people for work and socialising.
We must invest in it as a public good.
Our schools in Devon are hugely underfunded compared with schools across the UK, which impacts the life chances of our children.
We have communities that have been hollowed out by second homes to the extent that schools are closing, village shops have long gone and the last pubs are closing.
Families are being evicted so that landlords can turn their homes into short-term holiday lets, and second homes registered as businesses are causing our council to lose out on millions of pounds a year of desperately needed resources.
We must close this loophole.
We have businesses struggling to get staff because no one can afford to live nearby and there is no social housing, yet developers build and build to support the  immigration of wealthy retired people from other areas of the country.
We have more than met our housing targets, but we are still in a desperate housing crisis.
The solution is not just build, build, build; it is about land prices, what we build and where, and who buys those homes.
What we need is social housing, more community land trust schemes, innovation and ideas for breaking out of the developer-led disaster we are in.
We are the home of innovation and good ideas, and I would like to quickly highlight one organisation, LandWorks.
I declare an interest, as I worked there for six months in 2018.
LandWorks is an inspirational prisoner rehabilitation charity that I hope the new prisons Minister will soon visit, given the crisis we are in nationally.
Its amazing work has been shown to cut reoffending rates and reintegrate prisoners into society.
We also have a growing cluster of high-tech photonics companies attracting talent from home and abroad and providing highly skilled jobs.
That is exactly the kind of modern manufacturing that this country desperately needs, so it was disappointing to hear last week that these companies are missing out on partnerships, funding and investment because of Brexit.
One company is weighing up whether it will move its headquarters out of the UK into the EU.
Members will not be surprised to hear that as a former Member of the European Parliament for the south-west who got involved in politics in June 2016, I will continue to try to find ways to mitigate and lessen the damage Brexit has caused, particularly to my shellfish exporters, my food and wine importers, our musicians, and all those sectors that are struggling to find staff.
South Devon is a constituency of many parts, and it is right at the top of the list of the most challenging constituencies in which to deliver Lib Dem leaflets—[Interruption.]
Well, maybe my hon.
Friend  the Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone)  beats me on that.
I want to finish by expressing my heartfelt thanks to an incredible group of volunteers who supported my campaign, many of whom were not Liberal Democrats, and who were lending their vote and their time and their shoe leather because they wanted to be represented by a different kind of voice.
I would also like to thank my dad, with us today, who never tired of campaigning to help me get here—and I would just like to say that I am really sorry I didn’t campaign harder for you in 1983, when you came quite close to sitting on these Benches.
I could not have done it without them all, and it is the honour of my life to represent them and all the residents of South Devon.
I will work hard every day for them, for our environment, for our planet, and for a different kind of politics.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson) .
I congratulate her on a moving maiden speech, and I hope to add another place on her bucket list.
I am honoured to have been elected as the first Liberal Democrat MP for North East Hampshire, a constituency that has had only two previous MPs: James Arbuthnot—now Lord Arbuthnot in the other place—who is known for his important role in supporting Jo Hamilton and other sub-postmasters and postmistresses; and Ranil Jayawardena, who likewise wanted the best for our communities and campaigned for better infrastructure locally, alongside carrying out his ministerial roles.
Boundary changes mean that those in Lychpit and Old Basing, who are warmly welcomed into North East Hampshire, were previously represented by Dame Maria Miller in the Basingstoke constituency.
She was a strong advocate for women in Parliament and encouraged those of all parties.
I am only the second woman to stand for Parliament in North East Hampshire, and only about 15 have stood before me in any of the constituencies now covered by the current boundaries, so it gives me great pride to be in the Parliament with the highest number of women ever.
That achievement would not have been possible without the support of my dad, my late mum, and my husband and children.
North East Hampshire is a place that people often travel through: by train between London and the west country, or by road on the A30 or the M3, stopping perhaps at Fleet services.
Those who live there, however, enjoy good schools, good transport links, low crime and plenty of countryside—all the reasons, in fact, why the place often tops the list of the best places to live in the UK, and why my family and I chose to move there 10 years ago.
I encourage Members, the next time a journey takes them that way, to stop and visit.
If they wish to indulge their interest in political history, they could choose to stay at the Four Seasons.
The hotel is situated in the former home of Sir Henry St John-Mildmay, the fifth Baronet of the Dogmersfield estate, who was also, coincidentally, a Liberal political candidate in 1865.
Or they might choose Highfield Park, where Neville Chamberlain spent his final months.
Once a visitor has arrived, there is plenty to experience.
History enthusiasts should visit Odiham castle, Basing House and the Roman city walls at Silchester.
Those with a military interest will not be disappointed with a constituency that boasts RAF Odiham; Stratfield Saye House, the home of the Dukes of Wellington; and Blackbushe airport, created as an airfield during the second world war.
For nature lovers, there is so much to choose from: the Hazeley Heath nature reserve, or a sturdy walk up Beacon hill to look out over Caesar’s camp.
If they like their nature by the water, there is Fleet pond, the Basingstoke canal and our two chalk streams, the Loddon and the Whitewater.
After all that, perhaps they might be in need of refreshment.
North East Hampshire is home to dozens of village pubs, cafés and bakeries.
From the award-winning Street Bakery in Old Basing to the Heron on the Lake at Fleet Pond, looking out over the water, there is something for everyone.
We even have a local gin distilled at Upton Grey.
One of the joys of the area is that each town and village has its own personality, with a high number of independent businesses that makes each one unique.
A walk through Bramley is entirely different from a stroll along Hartley Wintney High Street or a meander through Yately.
What unites all of these places is the people.
Each unique town or village has a strong sense of community, and the people of North East Hampshire are unfailingly generous with their time and energy in pursuit of this goal.
This community spirit was seen most recently  when Hook infant school and local homes and businesses were victim to a summer flash flood.
People rallied around, helped clean up, raised funds, donated items, hosted friends whose homes were damaged and offered sympathy.
It is in this way that all the communities within North East Hampshire are connected.
But this place that I love to call home is not without its challenges too.
Connecting our towns and villages takes more than good will.
Our roads, particularly our smaller roads, are in a terrible state, public transport leaves a lot to be desired, and bus routes are sparse at best.
It is also surprising that North East Hampshire is behind the national average in the adoption of 5G mobile services, especially when we consider the above-average employment in the technology sector—one that will be vital for the modernisation of both Government and our public services.
The investment that is needed to ensure joined-up and efficient public service processes is as vital as the investment needed in North East Hampshire’s transport.
The UK has a proud history of research and innovation, but when nurses are still taking patient notes with pen and paper, it is clear that action is needed.
Indeed, the National Audit Office’s report only last year stated that “outdated IT systems…are a key source of inefficiency” in Government.
We cannot be a country needing to catch up, and I hope that the Government will draw on the expertise of those in the technology sector to quickly implement the best possible solutions, while ensuring that individuals’ personal information is held with the highest possible security.
I also encourage the Government, in their review of technology in public services, to consider the role that charities play in supporting the sector.
The tireless work of organisations such as Citizens Advice and the Trussell Trust, as well as countless local and regional charities, is the bedrock of our communities.
Such organisations support the public sector to deliver many vital services across health, education, housing, criminal justice and more.
In my view, it is essential that those organisations are also invested in, and integrated into, the new systems that will be created.
I look forward to working with those local organisations, those businesses and the people in North East Hampshire, and I thank them for putting their trust in me.
It is a privilege to make my maiden speech today, and to follow  the hon.
Member for South Devon (Caroline Voaden)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon East (Natasha Irons)
; I congratulate them on their moving maiden speeches.
They brought their constituencies to life vividly, and I hope I can do the same.
I am proud to be the Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament for Norwich North, and my first message is one of thanks to the people of Norwich North for  putting their faith in me; however you voted, I am here to serve you.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Chloe Smith, who served Norwich North for 15 years as a Minister and Secretary of State, including for science and innovation, and of course as a constituency MP.
Like me, Chloe is a Norfolk girl; we went to nearby secondary schools, and I know that one of her passions was opening up opportunities for young people, which is something else we share.
The last Labour Member of Parliament for Norwich North was Dr Ian Gibson, a fierce advocate for our community.
It is apt that I am making my speech in this debate, given his passion for science and innovation, and I am pleased to say that a new fellowship is being set up in his name at the Quadram Institute in Norwich: the Invest in ME Research Ian Gibson fellowship.
I also follow in the footsteps of Dorothy Jewson, elected in 1923 to represent Norwich, and one of the first three Labour women MPs.
She was known for action to tackle poverty, and was key to the creation of many of Norwich’s beautiful parks.
She is also noted for refusing to wear a hat in the Chamber.
I fully agree with her when she said that women were not in Parliament to discuss dress or millinery, but to do something.
Doing something is what I intend to do.
My priorities are shaped by what I have heard from my constituents.
That is why I will fight for better health, better homes, good education and decent jobs, and fight to tackle the biggest crises we face: the cost of living and the climate crisis.
I could not be prouder to come from Norfolk.
I grew up in a rural Norfolk village and have made my home in Norwich North.
The constituency spreads from the northern reaches of the city—from the estates of Mile Cross and Heartsease, the pubs of NR3 and our amazing green spaces, such as Mousehold Heath and Waterloo Park—and into the Broadland area, comprising Sprowston, Thorpe St Andrew, Old Catton, Hellesdon and Drayton, each of which has their own unique identity.
As many other Members have said, our strength comes from our active and vibrant communities.
Local organisations, volunteers and parish and town councils bring so much to our area—organisations such as the Hellesdon dementia support group, which I visited just last week, the Sprowston youth engagement project, the many food banks and community hubs, and the environmental organisations working to protect nature.
The better-known landmarks in Norwich, from the magnificent cathedrals to the castle, may be in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis) , but Norwich North has many unique attributes, and many things that can provide inspiration to our Government, and I will touch on just a few today.
We are home to Norwich airport, from which I flew this summer.
That was convenient, but the airport is also a key driver of economic growth.
It is pioneering green aviation, with the first all-electric pleasure flight launched last year from Norwich airport.
We are also home to one of the first large-scale social housing estates in the country, Mile Cross, which marked its centenary just last year.
When it was built, there was a desperate need for homes, and that remains the case today, when we need social and affordable housing in particular.
On the many industrial estates, we can find example after example of small and medium-sized businesses harnessing creativity, innovation and providing much-needed jobs.
Beyond the boundaries of Norwich North, there is a huge life sciences cluster at Norwich research park, which is relevant to this debate.
To give just one example, scientists from the park are working closely with the UK Health Security Agency and the Food Standards Agency to harness the power of microbiology to protect our food supply.
The same technologies were used during the pandemic to identify covid variants for the Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for visiting Norwich just this year with Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales to meet students and staff from Norwich University of the Arts, which is providing so much inspiration to many of the innovators of the future.
We are also home to the Canaries—Norwich City—and reportedly the oldest football chant in the world, “On the ball, City”.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott)  is sadly not in the Chamber today, but I wanted to remind him that while we did not make it to the premier league, in the time it took Oasis to break up and reform, Ipswich have still not beaten the Canaries.
I will remind him of that when I see him.
I will also mention the great women’s football we have in Norfolk and Norwich.
In fact, just a few weeks ago I went to the opening of the Lauren Hemp community pitch in Broadland constituency.
For all its advantages, Norwich North faces many challenges.
Three in 10 kids live in poverty, thousands are on the housing waiting list, we are a dental desert and too many children, particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, do not receive the education that they deserve.
That must change.
As important as what I intend to fight for is how I do it.
Time and again, people told me that they were sick of us shouting at each other, and of adversarial politics.
Norfolk is now a rainbow county; anyone who saw the election results will know that we have practically every single party represented.
I promise to work with everyone and anyone who wants to get the best for our area.
I also note Norwich’s long history as a place of refuge.
It is officially a city of sanctuary and a tolerant, welcoming place, and I know that will continue.
After the events of this summer, that is more important than ever.
I am proud to stand here as a Labour and Co-operative woman MP.
My path into politics was inspired by many women, starting with my mother, who is still persevering in the Gallery up there, and I thank her for that, as well as for the inspiration she provided to me as a local councillor; she showed me the difference that politics can make.
I want to thank my family, my dad, my twin sister, my friends and my partner for all their support.
I am privileged to have worked for the former Member of Parliament for Camberwell and Peckham, Harriet Harman, who taught me so much about politics—about sticking to one’s principles, taking on the most difficult of challenges and always, always saying thank you.
I joined this House after years of working in international development, having worked in some of the poorest countries of the world, and also years of serving communities as a councillor.
In everything I have done, from the local to the global, I have focused on fighting inequality and injustice, opening up opportunity, bringing people together to find solutions and working through differences.
That is the approach that I will continue  to take: to stand up for opportunity, to stand against inequality in Norwich North, nationally and internationally, and always to focus on what unites us.
In conclusion, I want to finish as I began, with a message for the people of Norwich North: your home is my home, and I pledge to give it my all—to stand up for you, for our fine city and for our great county.