What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of council funding.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of council funding.
What steps she is taking with local authorities to help ensure that they have adequate resources to fund local services.
I know at first hand how hard councils work to deliver essential public services, and we want to thank councillors, council officials and council workers for the hard work that they do all year round.
The Government are under no illusions about the challenges facing local authorities.
It is our priority to reset the relationship between local and central Government, and to end the politics that has seen Westminster hoard far too much power, holding back our towns, cities and villages from realising their full potential.
We will provide more stability for councils through multi-year funding settlements, ending the competitive bidding process and reforming the broken audit system.
Future local authority funding decisions  are of course a matter for the spending review and the local government finance settlement, in which we are fully engaged.
Can the Minister explain how the English devolution Bill will reduce local authority budget shortfalls, ensuring that essential council services for the public are protected?
The English devolution Bill is a landmark piece of legislation that will finally address the imbalance of power between this place and communities up and down the country, but it is not in itself the answer.
We know that the financial foundations on which it rests are local authorities, which are struggling.
That is why we are committed to multi-year funding settlements and fair funding.
I understand that there will be a major review of local government funding next year.
I represent Wokingham, whose council is the lowest-funded unitary authority per head in the country.
Will the review look at the actual needs and costs faced by local authorities, as opposed to the current methodology of allocating funding, which is based on historical data and is disproportionately skewed by simplistic measures of deprivation?
Any fair funding formula of course has to address the range of challenges that local authorities face, whether that is their local tax base, and how much they can realistically generate from their local communities and businesses, or the cost of service delivery and the demand within a local community.
We will ensure that the fair funding formula, of which multi-year settlements are a part, is done with that rigour.
There can be no way of fixing the foundations of this country without fixing the foundations of local government, so I am pleased to hear that this council—sorry, this Government—are looking to reset the relationship with local councils; as a local councillor, I am stuck in the habit.
Will the Minister please outline what specific support will be given to councils that have had to issue section 114 notices, to ensure that they can deliver on this Government’s aims throughout the country?
Local councils are central to delivering on this Government’s missions, and to changing this country for the better, but we know that many of them are on a cliff edge financially, and many of them will be fearful for their budget going forward.
We will work in partnership with my hon.
Friend.
The Department’s door is always open to local authorities that need to have conversations.
Council funding in Birmingham is inadequate because of a set of sadistic directions based on speculative estimates of equal pay liabilities.
No one believes those estimates, not even the lead commissioner, so will the Minister revisit those directions quickly and meet with Birmingham MPs to help us to get them right?
First, we need to reset the relationship between the Westminster Government and local authorities.
I have seen far too many examples where the Secretary  of State and Ministers have, at this Dispatch Box, hung individual councils out to dry.
That is not a relationship of equals at all.
I thank the leadership of Birmingham for taking the tough decisions and actions that are needed.
This Government will work in partnership with them in a constructive way, as equals, going forward.
For what reason the proposed revised national planning policy framework removes the requirement for new housing to be beautiful.
Beauty is always part of the proposals.
The hon.
Member, if he had read our proposals in the NPPF, would know that we have not removed all references to beauty; we have simply changed additional references made by the Conservatives that the Royal Institute of British Architects said could lead to development being turned down.
In Mid Bedfordshire we have a mix of historic towns and villages, as well as newer developments such as Wixams.
We take more than our fair share of development, and my constituents want to see beautiful homes with the right services that are sympathetic to the traditional character of our communities.
Does the Secretary of State agree that people want to see beautiful homes throughout England?
In that case, will she reinsert beauty as a house building objective in the revised framework?
If the hon.
Member had read our proposals regarding the inconsistencies, he would know that the Government are not proposing to remove all references to beauty from the NPPF.
I reiterate that the changes we are making relate to additional references to beauty inserted by the previous Government in December 2023.
These are subjective in nature, difficult to define and may lead to inconsistencies in decision making.