Can the right hon.
Lady give me her assessment of the Khan review into social cohesion?
The Khan review into social cohesion is one element of what we need to do to get back to addressing the issues of community cohesion, as opposed to the divisiveness of the way in which the previous Government looked at community cohesion.
What I would like to see, instead of the language and tone we have seen from Members on the right hon.
Member’s Benches, is the tone that  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  took around how we can bring communities together and work together to ensure that people can respect people’s differences and celebrate what makes us British, and that is that we all have different places.
The right hon.
Lady has not read the Khan review, as she would not have given that answer if she had.
The review talks about the 2021 incident at Batley grammar school, where a teacher was failed by local police and the local council and had to go into hiding.
Given the fears about the rise is Islamist sectarianism in communities such as West Yorkshire, what are the right hon.
Lady’s plans, especially as she has not read the review, to ensure that such incidents do not happen again?
I have read the review.
Maybe the right hon.
Lady was busy launching her leadership campaign earlier today.
The point I am making is that under the previous Administration there was not an element of community cohesion but constant division and stoking of division.
I tried to bring our education system together when I was shadow Education Secretary.
Across education, across my Department and across our Government I would like to see how we can celebrate our differences and bring communities together.
If the right hon.
Lady is successful in her bid to become Leader of the Opposition, I hope she will work with us on that endeavour.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve standards of construction in new build homes.
The Building Safety Act 2022 requires building safety and building standards to be kept under review.
Building regulations can then be updated, as needed.
Building regulations apply to building works, including when a building is designed, constructed or subjected to a major redesign, and they are supported by approved documents.
Residents in both Hethersett and Loddon have fallen victim to new homes being built to poor standards, shattering their dreams of home ownership from day one.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that on our ambition to deliver 1.5 million new homes, they must be 1.5 million decently built new homes?
As my hon.
Friend says, this Government are committed to delivering 1.5 million quality homes over this Parliament to ensure that people have access to high-quality housing.
New build homebuyers must feel confident that their new home is safe, and this Government are committed to improving redress for homebuyers when things go wrong.
We are considering the recommendations in the Competition and Markets Authority’s recent market study on house building, and will publish our response in due course.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the recent fires in east London and the fact that many high-rise buildings in this country are still not deemed safe because developers are refusing to do what they should.
What action will she take to force developers to make buildings safe for residents?
I know the hon.
Gentleman did a great deal of work on this agenda in the last Parliament.
This week, more than seven years after the Grenfell tragedy, the community will receive the public inquiry’s final report, and I hope its findings will help to provide the truth that the bereaved and survivors deserve.
The Dagenham fire, to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, must have had a traumatic impact on those people, as well as on the affected residents.
Today we have published a written ministerial statement setting out our actions in relation to the outstanding phase 1 recommendations of the Grenfell inquiry, and further work is under way to ensure that we can accelerate the work to make buildings safe.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on this agenda.
Hundreds of my constituents live in leasehold properties with problems.
I should declare for the register that I live in a leasehold property, although my developer funded the full cost of cladding removal.
There is still a very long wait for those who are not yet in the queue, and one brake on delivery is the lack of skilled people in the construction industry.
What work is my hon.
Friend doing with other Departments to make sure that we develop the skills we need?
Seven years after Grenfell, we still see some buildings where work has not started, so we do need to put our foot on the accelerator.
This is a very important area and we are absolutely committed to increasing the skills and competence within the sector.
The industry has actively responded to Dame Judith Hackitt’s challenge, but there remains significant work to be done to upskill industry members and prepare for the new regime.
The Department and the Building Safety Regulator will support industry as they identify skills and capacity gaps, provide relevant training and set up accredited competence schemes.
I look forward to working with colleagues who will all have an interest in speeding up remediation work and improving capacity in the sector.
Given the Government’s ambitious house building plans, the energy crisis and the climate crisis, will the Minister bring forward legislation in the forthcoming planning and infrastructure Bill to ensure all new houses have solar panels on their roofs as standard, so they can generate   their own power, and net zero building standards are brought forward as soon as possible, so that homes are well insulated, warm and cheap to heat?
The Government have set out very ambitious plans on home building and on green issues.
The future home building programme will address those issues; we look forward to working with colleagues on the issue.
The last Government consulted at very great length about bringing accessibility standards for all new homes up to M4(2) level.
The Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee recommended that be done immediately, but the response we got was that more consultation was needed.
Will the Minister assure us that the issue will now be dealt with as a matter of urgency, so that all new homes are more accessible for people with disabilities?
It is a really important issue that seems to have been forgotten about.
Today, in our written ministerial statement, we have set out a number of proposals.
The points my hon.
Friend makes about accessibility are extremely important.
We will do further work, building on the statement published today.
I look forward to working with him to address the issue.
People in North Norfolk desperately want new homes for local people to be built.
They know those homes need to be good-quality and support active lifestyles, but currently local councils lack the tougher powers they need to make those demands.
Will the Minister tell me what she plans to do to give planners, such as those at North Norfolk district council, greater powers to demand more from developers?
The national planning framework will set out further how we intend to provide key support to local authorities and to work closely with local authorities to ensure the issue is addressed.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
The Government are committed to finally bringing the feudal leasehold system to an end.
To do so, we will implement the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, enact the remaining Law Commission recommendations relating to enfranchisement and the right to manage, take steps to make commonhold the default tenure for new flats, and tackle unaffordable  and unregulated ground rent charges.
As set out in the King’s Speech, draft legislation will be published in  due course.
Many of my constituents in Stoke-on-Trent South have contacted me in the past few weeks, including those from Blythe Bridge, telling me how the archaic fleecehold system has left them at the mercy of poor management agents.
They have been tricked into purchasing  homes that are not covered by right to manage in the same way as flats, with service charges more than doubling, and the developers and managing agents reneging on promises to upkeep and, in some cases, even build the necessary infrastructure on their development.
Does the Government have plans to hold those managing agents and developers to account, perhaps with legal requirements of provision or a licensing scheme?
The distinct set of problems faced by residential freeholders that my hon.
Friend describes are well known and understood.
As we set out in our manifesto, the Government are committed to bringing the injustice of fleecehold private housing estates and unfair maintenance costs to an end.
We intend to consult publicly on the best way to achieve that.
In the interim, we will move to implement the new protections against unfair charges that were contained in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.