What steps she is taking to help tackle Islamophobia.
Islamophobia is a scourge on our society that must be rooted out, and I  thank my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue.
Much of last month’s violent disorder was Islamophobic, and the targeting of Muslims shows that we need to go further and faster in tackling this vile hatred, which was fuelled by fake news.
We have now provided greater security and rapid support for Muslim communities, and our Faith Minister in the other place, Lord Khan, is actively considering further steps to crack down on anti-Muslim hatred, monitor Islamophobia and engage the community effectively.
My right hon.
Friend will know the fear and distress that the civil disorder this summer caused to many of my constituents and to Muslim communities across the country who were targeted by violent extremists.
I am sure that she will join me in making it clear that the vast majority of people in our country—of all faiths and backgrounds—wish only to live together peacefully and utterly reject those who stir up division.
What engagement have Ministers undertaken with Muslim communities since those events, and what are they doing to give reassurance for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline that the vast majority of people in this country—of all faiths and backgrounds—want only to live together peacefully, and my Department is at the heart of the Government’s work to restore order and unity in all our communities following the appalling disturbances.
While we continue to make sure that criminals are brought to swift justice, the vital work to strengthen the bond between the Government and communities, including our Muslim communities and those of many other faiths and backgrounds, is central to this Government’s mission to bring the whole country together.
Could the Secretary of State please explain to me and the House what the Government’s definition of Islamophobia actually is?
I say to the hon.
Member that a new definition must be given careful consideration so that it comprehensively reflects multiple perspectives and considers the potential implications for different communities.
We are actively considering our approach to Islamophobia, including definitions, and we will provide further updates in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
Last month’s appalling violence exposed deep-rooted weaknesses in our society.
Division and decline, combined with rising Islamophobia  and racism, contributed to the vile scenes of hatred.
I am determined that we should now support the recovery of towns and cities affected, and investment in community cohesion.
That has started with a comprehensive support offer for Southport, and I can confirm that I will now lead cross-Government efforts on this issue.
I will update the House on our plans in due course.
Whatever our beliefs, faith leaders and faith groups can play an important role in bringing us all together.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister join me in commending the many faith leaders I have met across Aldershot and Farnborough who are working to promote tolerance and understanding across our community?
Can she outline what her Department is doing to encourage those community leaders, whose work reminds us that we are far more united and have far more in common than that which divides us?