Devolution is a positive thing, and we welcome it.
Gloucestershire, which has my constituency of Cheltenham within it, has coterminous boundaries for the county council, a police force, a fire service, an economic development function and a health service, but there is fear that, in a devolution deal, it may be grouped with other areas to the north, or perhaps made part of an existing devolution deal to the south.
Can the Secretary of State or another Minister confirm that that will not be the case?
Within the first couple of days of this Government, the Deputy Prime Minister wrote to local authority leaders, inviting them for discussions on devolution agreements.
One of the founding principles is, of course, geography that makes sense—and having coterminous boundaries for public services and the rest does make sense.
Without going into the specifics of individual conversations that are taking place, I advise the hon.
Member to bring that point into the work on the English devolution Bill, which will make sure that all of England has a voice and a role in devolution.
The Deputy Prime Minister has shown that her footwork at the Dispatch Box is as good as her footwork on the dance floor.
At this year’s election, veterans who brought along their veterans’ ID card to prove their identity were turned away.
Will the Minister guarantee that this will change?
I am grateful for that very important question.
Veterans were turned away at the recent elections.
We have committed to changing that, and we will introduce the necessary regulations in due course.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in Ukraine.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for asking this urgent question on a matter that is so critical.
As the House is well aware, Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine poses a significant threat to Euro-Atlantic security and has struck at the heart of the international rules-based system on which our security and prosperity depend.
UK support for Ukraine in defending itself against Russian aggression is iron-clad.
Ukraine’s incursion into the Russian oblast of Kursk has proven once again what Ukraine is capable of, but its armed forces remain under considerable pressure on the frontline, particularly in Donbas, and Russia continues to bombard Ukrainian cities and civilian infrastructure with missiles and drones.
The UK will continue to do everything we can to step up and accelerate our support, to keep the pressure up on Putin’s war machine, and to hold to account those responsible for Russia’s illegal actions.
On the day that the new Government were appointed, the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and the Defence Secretary spoke to their Ukrainian counterparts to underline our support.
Within 48 hours, the Defence Secretary travelled to Odesa, where he announced a new package of military equipment and pledged to accelerate the delivery of previously announced military aid.
During the NATO Washington summit, the Prime Minister committed to providing £3 billion a year of military support for Ukraine until 2030-31, or for as long as needed.
Allies also agreed a significant package of support, and agreed that Ukraine’s pathway to NATO membership was irreversible.
On  18 July , the Prime Minister hosted President Zelensky and European political community leaders at Blenheim, where 44 European countries and the EU signed a call to action to tackle Russia’s shadow fleet, which is enabling Russia to evade international sanctions.
The Prime Minister and President Zelensky also agreed a new defence industrial support treaty that enables Ukraine to draw on £3.5 billion of UK export finance.
I am sure that the House will want to be aware that yesterday, the UK-Ukraine digital trade agreement entered into force, making digital trade between our two countries cheaper and easier, boosting both economies.
In summary, Ukraine remains high on the agenda, including in our discussions with our international partners.
The Prime Minister discussed Ukraine with Chancellor Scholz and President Macron last week, and the Defence Secretary will attend a meeting of the international Ukraine defence contact group on  5 September .
We remain in close discussion with Ukraine on the support that it needs to prevail.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, and may I also thank the Minister for her response?
The whole House condemned, and continues to be appalled by, Putin’s illegal and outrageous attack on a neighbouring foreign state.
We condemn the missile and   drone attacks launched by Putin against Ukraine in recent weeks, which targeted critical infrastructure ahead of winter and murdered Ukrainian citizens.
Tragically, a missile strike the week before last killed a British national, Ryan Evans, who was in Ukraine working for Reuters.
He and his friends and family are in our thoughts today.
Opposition Members welcome the fact that negotiations have been initiated on contracts under the recently signed defence export support treaty; that is a positive step.
Increasing Britain’s defence production remains a national priority, so that we can provide more weapons to Ukraine and build up our own stocks.
In government, we made it clear that appointing a defence production envoy with a direct line to the Prime Minister would be an effective way of helping us to realise that aim;  I would be grateful if the Minister could update the House on whether the Government intend to see that plan through.
Above all, this Government must continue, as their predecessor did, to press our allies to go further, and, by working closely with Germany and France in particular, as well as with the American Government, to procure the vital supplies that Ukraine must receive.
The countries supporting Ukraine are able to leverage a collective GDP and a combined defence budget many times larger than Russia’s.
Will the Minister confirm that we are pressing allies to follow the UK’s multi-year funding commitment for military aid?
Turning to the situation in the Kursk region, we agree with the Government that under article 51 of the UN charter, Ukraine’s right to self-defence against illegal Russian attacks does not preclude operations inside Russia.
Furthermore, together with our allies, we must equip Ukraine so that it is not hampered in its ability to degrade the Russian war effort before it is fully deployed.
It is our intention as His Majesty’s Opposition to help the Government as they in turn take all the necessary decisions to secure advantage and victory for Ukraine, but in giving that support, we expect the Government to continue the firm and clear leadership demonstrated by the last Conservative Government.
First, I share in the condemnation of the appalling Russian attacks that the right hon.
Member mentioned.
He talked about the impact on critical infrastructure and, indeed, on a British national; the whole House will want to send our condolences to his family and share in the sorrow—it is such a dreadful incident.
Of course, we have seen other appalling attacks, including on other forms of civilian infrastructure.
As children are returning to school in many parts of England today, we also see children return to school in Ukraine, but on Friday a 14-year-old girl was killed in Kharkiv and over the past few days a children’s rehabilitation centre has been attacked through Russian aggression.
We are absolutely determined that we will continue that rejection of Russian aggression.
The right hon.
Member talked in particular about the need to ensure that we have that provision of armaments.
We are seeking to ensure that we have a national armaments director so that we have that prioritisation.
He also talked about the need to work with our allies, which, as I mentioned in my statement and will underline again, the Prime Minister has prioritised; he discussed it in detail with Olaf Scholz and with President Macron, and clearly it was critical at the European Political Community  meeting.
The agreement that was come to, with that call of action against the shadow fleet, was incredibly important, and it covers the EU and many other European countries.
The right hon.
Member talked about the need for a multi-year approach, including from our allies, and we will continue to advocate for that.
That multi-year support is critical for the UK.
We have been clear that we will extend it until 2030-31, or as long as is required.
That is an incredibly important commitment made by the new UK Government.
The right hon.
Member also talked about the actions we have seen taking place in Kursk.
He is right that they were defensive actions; they would not have taken place had we not seen the illegal invasion of Ukraine.
The language he used to describe them is therefore completely appropriate.
When it comes to equipping Ukraine in that defensive activity, of course we will continue—and indeed have intensified—our commitment towards that.
I was pleased to hear his commitment to cross-party working on that.
My party was determined to ensure cross-party working when in opposition, so I was pleased to hear him affirm that from his new position on the Opposition Benches.
We will ensure that we prioritise our support for Ukraine in the future, and I hope he will work with us to do so.