The Secretary of State was asked— If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of her Department’s statutory intervention at Birmingham City Council on the adequacy of public services provided by that council.
It is a privilege to be appointed as Deputy Prime Minister and Secretary of State, and to answer questions from hon.
Members on the important issues I now have responsibility for at such a challenging time for our communities.
Councils across the country, including those under best value intervention, are feeling the strain after a decade of financial mismanagement by the previous Administration.
I am determined to work constructively  with both the council and the commissioners to reset our relationship with Birmingham and support its recovery to ensure that local public services are fit for purpose.
I recognise that the Secretary of State has inherited a very difficult situation.
Under the Conservatives, Birmingham lost 40p in the pound and 60% of local authority jobs were lost—some of the sharpest cuts in the country.
Our city is now facing cuts of more than 50% to some public service budgets, but new information has come to light and it is clear that part of the basis for the original intervention under her Conservative predecessor was wrong.
Can— Order.
It is meant to be a question; you cannot make a speech.
I think you need an Adjournment debate to finish this one off.
First, let me welcome my hon.
Friend to his place.
He is right to highlight the cuts that Birmingham faced under the Tories.
Unlike previous Ministers, we have no interest in using Birmingham and its people as a political football.
We cannot avoid the need to make difficult decisions, but I want to work with the council leadership, as well as the commissioners, and of course I am open to any representations they want to make.
What steps she plans to take to help regenerate high streets.
What steps she plans to take to help regenerate high streets.
What steps she plans to take to help regenerate high streets.
What steps she plans to take to help regenerate high streets.
We are committed to supporting the businesses and communities that make our high streets flourish.
We are funding new partnership models with high street accelerators, implementing high street rental auctions, and introducing a strong new right to buy for community assets to empower local communities to rejuvenate our high streets and address the blight of vacant premises.
High streets up and down the country are the backbone of our communities, but over the years have been facing decline.
For example, Gillingham High Street in my constituency, where only yesterday we launched our Love Gillingham campaign and initiative, faces numerous challenges.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss some of those challenges, as well as the possibility of a compulsory register of properties on high streets, so that councils can easily engage with owners to find new uses for them when they fall vacant?