Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and legacy of Bob Newhart, TV star and comedian.
In 1972, The Bob Newhart Show premiered and catapulted Bob into a new tier of critical acclaim, adoration, and commercial success.
Known for its dry humor and heart, The Bob Newhart Show drew millions of viewers into a Chicago-based story about a psychologist and his clients and friends.
With incredibly strong ratings and significant praise, the show ran for six seasons, leading to his other acclaimed show, Newhart.
Through these efforts, Bob connected with homes and families through his extraordinary storytelling skills.
He was described by coworkers and friends as kind, funny, and intellectual, and is remembered as humble and warm despite his fame.
Before reaching comedic stardom, Bob graduated from Loyola University Chicago with a bachelor's degree in business management.
He then served two years in the Army during the Korean War and held jobs in accounting prior to recording the comedy album that won him Album of the Year at the 1961 Grammys, ``The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart''.
Bob had a love of philanthropy and used his comedic talents to emcee at various benefits from childhood cancer to Scleroderma research.
He was adamant about using his career and success for the benefit of others and showed the world how important that mission was to him by raising $350,000 for the National Children's Cancer Society.
Bob was a true Chicagoan and proved that through the exposure he gave the city in his show as well as his enthusiastic support for the Cubs.
The city is proud to honor his life and legacy through renaming the street by the Edgewater condominium to ``Bob Newhart Way''.
Thanks to him, this building is one of the most recognizable in Chicago, appearing in The Bob Newhart Show's opening credits for 142 episodes.
The city of Chicago and the whole country have lost an incredible figure who shaped modern comedy and sitcom TV, and he will be dearly missed.
His legacy lives on through his children, grandchildren, and friends, and he will be remembered by the lives that he touched through his work and philanthropic efforts.
I am forever grateful to Bob for shining a light on this incredible city and showing was it means to be a true legend.