JULY 16 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider the nominations of Lanny Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and David Eisner, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, Audrey Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), and Timothy John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Management), all of the Department of Energy.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek Barrs, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Jonathan Morrison, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, both of the Department of Transportation.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine constructing the surface transportation reauthorization bill, focusing on stakeholders' perspectives.
SD-562 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar nominations; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine reforming the State Department to compete in the 21st century.
SD-419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Crystal Carey, of New Jersey, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board for term of four years, Brian Christine, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Brittany Panuccio, of Florida, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
SD-430 2 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on persecution to protection, focusing on strategies to defend freedom of religion.
1324-LHOB 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior.
SD-628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine the AI industry's mass ingestion of copyrighted works for AI training.
SD-226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship Business meeting to consider S. 1555, to increase loan limits for loans made to small manufacturers, S. 1199, to extend the statute of limitations for fraud under certain pandemic programs, and S. 2232, to expand the surety bond program under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.
SR-428A 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SR-418