Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Heather Millett, who has served with distinction as Legislative Director in both my state senate and congressional offices.
Heather embodies the very best of public service.
You will see from her educational background that for years she has been preparing for a career dedicated to serving the citizens of our great Nation.
By earning her Bachelor's Degree in Political Science at Campbell University, her Master of Public Administration and Policy at American University, and continuing her education in law studies at Syracuse University College of Law, it becomes evident that Heather's long-term goal has been a passion to help improve the lives of others.
Heather's intelligence, integrity, and tireless work ethic have guided our legislative efforts with purpose and precision.
Whether navigating the complexities of committee work, building coalitions across the aisle, or championing the priorities of our constituents, Heather has brought both strategic insight and deep compassion to every task.
Perhaps Heather's most important contribution to the people of North Carolina's Eleventh Congressional District was after September 27, 2024, when Hurricane Helene made landfall in the peaceful and serene mountains.
Without ever being asked, Heather took the initiative and went into overdrive, working tirelessly for several consecutive weeks, night and day, with no days off, to bring hope, resources, and lifesaving assistance to tens of thousands of victims affected by this once-in-a-millennium weather event.
Each day for several weeks, Heather authored and distributed vital emails to a devastated population to help them find food, water, shelter, locate missing loved ones, and understand which roads were open for escape, along with countless other pieces of helpful information for those seeking rescue.
During this time, when I encouraged Heather to take a few days away with her family for some planned time months earlier, her response was, ``District Eleven needs me now,'' and she continued for many weeks to absorb more and more of the recovery workload.
She persisted for weeks, coordinating the efforts of FEMA, telecommunications companies, utility companies, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the North Carolina Department of Transportation, the Federal Highway Administration, local governments, our district team, individual constituents, and an endless list of others.
Heather worked quietly behind the scenes out of the public's eye, but was chiefly responsible for the praise and accolades that my office received for our response to this natural disaster.