JULY 17 9:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1038, to direct the Attorney General to include a data field in the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System to indicate whether the last known location of a missing person was confirmed or was suspected to have been on Federal land, S. 1098, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to enhance the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program, S. 1528, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to ensure that businesses and organizations that work with vulnerable populations are able to request background checks for their contractors who work with those populations, as well as for individuals that the businesses or organizations license or certify to provide care for those populations, the nominations of Emil J. Bove III, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Edward L. Artau, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, Kyle Christopher Dudek, Anne-Leigh Gaylord Moe, and Jordan Emery Pratt, each to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, and Kurt Alme, to be United States Attorney for the District of Montana, for the term of four years, Nicholas Chase, to be United States Attorney for the District of North Dakota for the term of four years, Lesley Murphy, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years, Jeanine Pirro, of New York, to be United States Attorney for the District of Columbia for the term of four years, Daniel Rosen, of Florida, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the term of four years, Erik Siebert, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years, and Kurt Wall, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana for the term of four years, all of the Department.
SH-216 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup H.R. 3944, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026.
SD-106 10 a.m.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine freedom to work, focusing on unlocking benefits for independent workers.
SD-430