Our nation and communities are better and safer

because of their service.
Furthermore, I want to express my strong support for the current

service members who are facing uncertainty in the aftermath of the

unit's deactivation.
I urge Army leadership to keep these dedicated

service members in mind as they continue with the Army Transformation

Initiative.
After all our service members and veterans have done for

us, we must have their backs.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

_____

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Ecumenical

Patriarch Bartholomew on his receipt of the Templeton Prize this

September.
The Templeton Prize has been awarded to other prominent philanthropic

figures including Jane Goodall, Desmond Tutu, and Mother Theresa.
Established in 1972, the Prize was created by Sir John Templeton to

recognize prominent spiritual discoveries and insights.
55 Laureates

from all major faiths and numerous countries have received this

prestigious award.
Recipients of this prize have gone on to win the

Nobel Peace Prize, with one even becoming a canonized saint.
As the leader of the Eastern Orthodox church, Ecumenical Patriarch

has been working to achieve religious and ecological equality since he

was elected in 1991.
From holding interfaith seminars after 9/11, to

cosponsoring international peace conferences, his leadership has

exemplified humility and the inclusion of people from all backgrounds.
His Holiness has also focused on climate issues and protecting our

environment.
As Ecumenical Patriarch, he organized symposiums with

world-renowned scientists and was able to secure grants to combat the

destruction of Europe's marine areas--efforts that landed him the title

of ''the Green Patriarch''.
Before becoming Ecumenical Patriarch, Demetrios Arhondonis was born

in Turkey and received his elementary and secondary education in

Istanbul.
He completed his undergraduate studies at the Theological

School of Halki in 1972, before completing graduate studies at three

different universities in Europe.
He also obtained a doctorate from the

University of Athens.
After being ordained to the Diaconate and, years

later, to the Priesthood, he became Assistant Dean at the Theological

School of Halki before being appointed as the Personal Secretary to the

late Ecumenical Patriarch Demetrios.
These educational milestones were

enhanced as he has been awarded over 10 honorary doctorates from

globally recognized universities.
It should come as no surprise that after 36 years of leading the

Eastern Orthodox church, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is receiving

this award.
It is with great respect that I honor his Holiness and his

tireless efforts for equality and peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RICHARD ``DICK'' KEIGWIN

_____

HON.
ADAM GRAY

Mr. GRAY.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of myself and Congressman Kevin

Mullin, I rise today to honor the life of Richard ``Dick'' Keigwin, a

loving father and an employee of Nabisco and Kraft Food for 35 years.
Richard was born on May 8, 1944, and passed away on September 5, 2025,

at the age of 81.
It is my honor to recognize a man who spent his life

uplifting young people and caring for his family.
Richard served his Marlborough, Massachusetts community in a

multitude of ways.
He coached Marlborough Little League, Northborough

Little League, Boys Club Basketball, and CYO Basketball.
His devotion

to coaching and mentoring earned him the title of ``Father of the

Year'' by the Marlborough Boys Club.
He was also awarded Man and Boy of

the Year 1987.
Richard was adored by his family.
He and his wife Cheryl Keigwin were

married for 59 years.
He is survived by Cheryl and his sons, Richard

Keigwin, Jr., Bryan Keigwin, and Adam Keigwin, along with grandchildren

and great grandchildren.
Richard loved spending time with his family

and especially enjoyed watching History Channel and National

Geographic.
Adam and the Keigwin family are lifelong friends, and it is an honor

to recognize Richard and his contributions to his community.