Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend

Michele Manatt for her service at The George Washington University

Graduate School of Political Management (GSPM), where she has served on

the board since 2021, and for her contributions to our Nation.
A native Washingtonian, Ms. Manatt graduated from the University of

California, Berkeley, where she studied political economy.
After

graduation, she returned to the District of Columbia to begin her

career in public policy and international affairs.
Ms. Manatt served as a professional staff member on the House

Committee on Foreign Affairs, where her portfolio included oversight of

the United States' relationships with Canada and Mexico and countries

throughout Central and South America.
She went on to serve as Senior

Policy Advisor to three consecutive Assistant Secretaries of State for

Western Hemisphere Affairs at the U.S. Department of State, helping to

manage policy in the region.
She continued her public service as

Director of Legislative Affairs at the White House Office of National

Drug Control Policy.
Since 2006, Ms. Manatt has worked as an independent consultant,

providing strategic insight into hemispheric policy and social

integration.
She contributed to a multiyear initiative with the

Americas Society/Council of the Americas to document and explore

successful models of Hispanic integration in midsized American cities.
Ms. Manatt has been a leader in public diplomacy.
She currently

serves on the board of the Diplomacy Center Foundation, the private

partner supporting the completion of the National Museum of American

Diplomacy at the U.S. Department of State's headquarters campus.
She

was the founding chair of the Council on Women's Leadership at the

Meridian International Center, fostering dialogue and leadership

development for women in support of Track II diplomacy.
She has always

been fascinated by the power of fashion.
She says diplomats defend U.S.

interests not in uniforms, but in suits, blouses, ties and, in her

case, scarves.
As a member of the GSPM board, Ms. Manatt has provided strategic

counsel to ensure that students benefited from a strong, bipartisan

academic environment and were exposed to diverse career paths.
Through

her family's philanthropy, she has also supported other parts of The

George Washington University, including the law school, the Graduate

School of Education and Human Development, the Elliott School of

International Affairs and the Textile Museum.
Mr. Speaker, as Ms. Manatt concludes her service on the GSPM board, I

ask my colleagues to join me in thanking her for her contributions to

The George Washington University and to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EVERGREEN HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING

_____

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tragic

shooting at Evergreen High School in Evergreen, Colorado, that occurred

on September 10, 2025.
This senseless act of violence has left students, educators, and the

greater Evergreen community in shock and grief.
Two victims were

hospitalized, and countless others are coping with the trauma of that

day.
The courage of first responders, educators, staff, and community

members helped prevent further harm and demonstrated the strength of

our community in the face of crisis.
Students and faculty at the school

promptly followed safety protocols that saved lives, and a nearby

recreation center employee sheltered more than 70 students until the

danger had passed.
The vigilance and quick action of community members

inside and outside the school helped ensure the safety of students and

staff.
The Jefferson County Sheriff, Reggie Marinelli, and the entire Police

Department quickly responded with extraordinary service, arriving in

under two minutes.
That swift response saved lives and provided

reassurance to the Evergreen community in its greatest moment of need.
In the aftermath of the incident, the Evergreen Parent Teacher

Student Association (PTSA) mobilized to provide on-the-ground support

for the community, including mental health resources, warm meals, and

safe spaces.