Title: CELEBRATING PATRICIA McARDLE PONTICELLO'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
156

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING PATRICIA McARDLE PONTICELLO'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

_____

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Patricia

McArdle Ponticello, a remarkable constituent from my district.
It is my

honor to celebrate her on her 100th birthday--a day marking a hundred

years of love, laughter, and commitment to her family, friends, and

community.
Born on September 23, 1925, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Patricia has

experienced a full century of history, change, and milestones.
Her life

story stands not only as a testament to longevity, but also to

stubbornness, grit, and an ability to outlast just about everyone.
Patricia graduated from St. Mary's High School in Haliswood,

Pennsylvania, before perfecting her skills at Beautician School, where

she went on to cut and style for the Mellon Family.
She later served as a Guidance Counselor at the Gilmary Catholic

School for Wayward Girls, which gave her the unique skills to manage

her own sons, David, Bill, and Christopher.
Later, she made her home and spent many years in Clinton,

Pennsylvania after marrying her husband, William David Ponticello.
William served in the U.S. Navy, WWII, from 1942 to 1994 on an LST at

the Normandy Invasion and later went on to work as a design engineer.
Her endless love and support filled the household with joy, laughter,

and just enough discipline to keep everyone in line.
In 2003, Patricia moved to Bucks County to help her son raise his

three boys.
Beyond her dedication to her family, Patricia remained

steadfast in her commitment to her faith.
Patricia is a devout Catholic

and is a member of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Catholic Church in

Hilltown, Pennsylvania.
Her Catholic faith has served as a guiding

light in her life--shaping her values and offering strength and clarity

through life's many trials and triumphs.
Today, at 100 years old, Patricia enjoys family, strolls around her

Dublin, Pennsylvania property and continuing her legendary reputation

as ``The Hawk.''
She loves an ice-cold beer, a strong margarita, and

the occasional cigarette--because apparently that's the real secret to

a long life.
Her idea of the perfect birthday?
A pig roast surrounded by family

and friends.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my esteemed colleagues in the United States House

of Representatives to please join me in raising a glass--preferably a

cold one--and extending our heartfelt congratulations, sincere well-

wishes, and all of God's blessings to Patricia Ponticello on the

celebration of her 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE FINAL FLIGHT OF THE BRAVO COMPANY, 7-158TH CHINOOK

HELICOPTER GENERAL SUPPORT AVIATION BATTALION

_____

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

final flight of the Bravo Company, 7-158th Chinook Helicopter General

Support Aviation Battalion based out of the New Century AirCenter on

September 7, 2025.
As a result of the Army Transformation Initiative,

the unit was officially deactivated on September 15, 2025.
Based at New Century Airport for more than 40 years, this unit has

become a staple in Gardner, Kansas and the surrounding community.
From

the familiar sight of the Chinooks flying over Gardner, to the

generations of families brought to our community through their service

at New Century, the unit leaves behind decades of memories.
I am deeply grateful to the soldiers and their families who were a

part of this unit, especially those service members who paid the

ultimate sacrifice.
Our nation and communities are better and safer

because of their service.
Furthermore, I want to express my strong support for the current

service members who are facing uncertainty in the aftermath of the

unit's deactivation.
I urge Army leadership to keep these dedicated

service members in mind as they continue with the Army Transformation

Initiative.