others heeding the call to ministry that Pastor Lewis himself answered fifty-two years ago.
In 1990, the Bethel Baptist Church erected a new Worship Center, including a sanctuary with a seating capacity of 1800, an office plaza, a conference room, a library, and a nursery.
Pastor Lewis worked to expand Bethel's community service by commissioning a new Family Life Center.
This building also became a permanent home for the Bethel Community Learning Center, which garnered thousands of state and federal dollars to support community development and education initiatives.
Tragically, in April of 2011, these buildings were destroyed by a devastating tornado.
In the face of adversity, Pastor Lewis did not hesitate to spring into action, leaning on his faith to rally his community together and restore their church home.
He then established the Bethel Emergency Management Agency, which led the restoration and revitalization efforts of Bethel Baptist Church Pratt City and the surrounding community.
Pastor Lewis facilitated the construction of a new sanctuary beginning in April 2012, and the new home of Bethel Nation was completed and consecrated on August 24, 2014.
In addition to his leadership in Birmingham, Pastor Lewis has also been the guiding force behind international missions, spreading his spiritual teachings across the globe.
He has delivered sermons on different continents throughout the world.
No matter how far his ministry has taken him, Pastor Lewis has always remained committed to home.
He has displayed his commitment to public service through his leadership and religious affiliations, which include the Pratt City Ministerial Alliance, the Birmingham Metropolitan Baptist Ministerial Conference, and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
Beyond his work in the clergy, Pastor Lewis' civic affiliations include former Captain for the Bessemer Police and Fire Department Chaplaincy Corps, Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Jefferson County Transit Authority, Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Jefferson County Commission of Economic Opportunity, and State President for the National Rainbow Push Coalition.
Pastor Lewis was honored by the Magic City in 1988 with his induction into the City of Birmingham's Gallery of Distinguished Citizens--a bust of him is displayed in the Birmingham City Hall to commemorate this achievement.
On a personal note, Pastor T.L. Lewis holds a special place in my heart as a dear friend and trusted spiritual advisor.
I was honored to host Pastor Lewis at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C., as one of the first pastors in our district to attend.
I know I can always count on his wise words and counsel when I need inspiration.
Pastor Lewis' mentorship has meant so much to me over the years and has positively impacted me as a public servant.
After the devastating storms of 2011, Pastor Lewis' leadership and faith were a beacon of hope for me and so many others as we rebuilt.
His deep love for his community renews my passion for public service and reminds me of why I am in Washington.
I am proud to congratulate him for his 42 years of service to the Bethel Baptist Church Pratt City congregation and surrounding community.
Though he is retiring, I know his service will not end here, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the extraordinary leadership and exemplary service.
T.L. Lewis and his contributions to the Birmingham community and the State of Alabama as the senior pastor