On public spending in Wales, the Prime Minister promised, when abandoning HS2, that the north Wales main line would be electrified, at a cost of £1 billion.
In the past eight years, construction costs have increased by 7% a year, because of the Government’s economic mismanagement.
Will the Minister confirm that the last time any cost assessment was done on electrification was in 2015 and that the scheme will now cost between £1.5 billion and £1.8 billion?
I join the hon.
Lady in her comments about the Kinnock family.
It is important to recognise that this Government are the first in many decades to commit to that project.
I am sorry that she appears to agree with her colleagues in the Welsh Labour Government in Cardiff Bay, who seem to say that this is not a priority; Conservative Members feel that electrification and economic growth in north Wales is a priority, and I am sorry that she cannot agree with that.
If it is such a priority, why has nothing been done since 2015, when the cost assessment was undertaken?
The hon.
Lady’s Government promised to electrify the south Wales main line, but they did not do so.
They promised to improve journey times and connections between south Wales and London, but they did not do that either.
She has not given an answer on whether the Government will fully fund electrification, so how can she stand there and claim to the people in north Wales that this project has any prospect whatsoever of being completed by this hapless Government?
I say again that the hon.
Lady’s party has already dismissed this project as not a priority.
I also say again that north Wales is a priority for this Government; we are determined to level up right across this country and especially to focus on areas that the Welsh Labour Government, in south Wales, have completely ignored.
I add my condolences and those of my party to the Kinnock family on their sad loss.
Wales’s public services, assailed by inflation and austerity, now face the further difficulty of recruiting the skilled migrants who have become so vital to caring for our ageing population, as the family threshold is to rise to £38,700.
That is £8,000 higher than the average wage in Gwynedd, with many of my constituents earning significantly less.
Will the Minister tell me what representations she—or, rather, the Secretary of State—has made to the Home Secretary on the effects of the new threshold on Welsh public services?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Secretary of State has regular discussions with his Cabinet colleagues about the issue.
It is absolutely vital that we take tough measures to make sure that we sustain sensible levels of migration.
That is exactly what the Home Secretary has announced this week.
The change in the salary threshold will affect real people with real families and real people receiving care.
My constituent Daniel Griffith was due to marry his Brazilian partner next year.
They intend to make their home in Wales, but it is far from clear at present whether they will be able to do that under the new income rules.
Why should Daniel, unlike the Secretary of State, the Minister and everyone else in this Chamber, have to choose between his wife and his country?
Some of the policies put in place by the Welsh Labour Government, aided and abetted by Plaid Cymru under the co-operation agreement, are disadvantaging Wales, putting off investors from creating investment and jobs in Wales.
Again, I say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is his colleagues in Cardiff Bay who need to have a look at what they are doing.
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on promoting and supporting narrow gauge railway tourism in Wales.
Narrow gauge and heritage railways are important for our tourism sector.
Although tourism  is, of course, devolved, the UK Government have demonstrated their support for the sector.
The Secretary of State saw that at first hand on  2 June , when he opened Corwen station, which was partly funded by the UK Government’s levelling-up fund.
First, I welcome my hon.
Friend to the Dispatch Box; it is a pleasure to see her there.
A little while back, a friend of mine from Rouen, Thierry Fontenay, came over to Tywyn in Gwynedd.
I asked myself, “How can I amuse him?”
I took him on the Talyllyn railway, and we went from Tywyn to Abergynolwyn.
He was over the moon—he took photographs of the engine and went on to the footplate.
He told me that there are no narrow gauge railways like that, if at all, in France.
What can we do to promote in Europe these wonderful narrow gauge railways that we have in Wales?
My hon.
Friend is, of course, right: Wales’s narrow gauge railways are part of our unique tourism offer, so it is vital that they are marketed to the world.
That is why Visit Britain works to ensure that Wales’s brand values are reflected in the broader GREAT campaign.
Let me do Visit Britain and Visit Wales’s job for them and warmly invite Monsieur Fontenay to come and see the premier narrow gauge railway—the Brecon Mountain railway.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn statement on the Welsh economy.
The autumn statement set out the UK Government’s plans to grow the economy and incentivise work so that economic growth can be felt throughout the United Kingdom.
That will include a national insurance tax change from January, which will put £324 back into the pockets of 1.2 million workers across Wales.
North Wales has always been the poor relative to south Wales, where the Welsh Labour Government in Cardiff fund their voter bases.
However, thanks to the foresight of this Conservative Government, money is now flowing from Whitehall to Wrexham—£13 million from the levelling-up fund, £20 million from the towns fund, £24 million from the shared prosperity fund and the prospect of a £160 million investment zone.
We are working on a civil service hub.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, after 20 years of neglect from the Welsh Labour Government, this Conservative Government have put Wrexham firmly on the map?
I am absolutely delighted to agree with my hon.
Friend: the UK Government are putting Wrexham on the map.
I was, of course, delighted with the £160 million investment zone across Wrexham in Flintshire, which was marked by a visit from the Chancellor to the area.
The £20 million towns fund for Wrexham will ensure long-term certainty and investment for the area and for the growth deal.
I believe that the freeport in north Wales will also benefit my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
According to research from the Bevan Foundation, nearly one in four Welsh children have reported having recently been worried about being cold, and around one in eight have worried about being hungry.
What are the Government going to do about that?
The UK Government have spent £96 billion on measures to help the least well off across the United Kingdom throughout the difficult times brought about by the covid pandemic and the war in Ukraine.
On top of that, in the autumn statement we were able to announce a cut in national insurance, which will put more money into people’s pockets.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be talking to his constituents, who are no doubt hit by the highest taxes in the whole United Kingdom as a result of the policies of the Scottish National party Government.