It is very good to see you in your place, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We wish Mr Speaker a speedy recovery.
This week, we lost two giants of the Labour family, and I thank the Prime Minister for his comments.
Alistair Darling was a man of unassuming intelligence, warmth and kindness.
He brought a calm expertise and, in private, a cutting wit, and his devoted love of his family was ever present.
Our thoughts are with Maggie, his wife, and Calum and Anna, whom he loved so dearly.
Glenys Kinnock was a passionate campaigner for social justice who changed lives at home and abroad.
She was a loving and supportive partner and mother, and her death is a huge loss to all of us.
We are thinking of Neil, Stephen, Rachel and all the family.
I also  echo the Prime Minister’s comments in relation to Lord Douglas-Hamilton.
In relation to the Hillsborough families, they deserve justice.
In a previous capacity, I worked with the families.
They waited a very long time for the findings, thanks to people in this House, and they have waited a long time for this response, but I am glad it is now coming.
If the purpose of the Rwanda gimmick was to solve a political headache of the Tories’ own making—to get people out of the country who they simply could not deal with—then it has been a resounding success.
After all, they have managed to send three Home Secretaries there—an achievement for which the whole country can be grateful.
Apart from members of his own Cabinet, how many people has the Prime Minister sent to Rwanda?
As I have been clear before, we will do everything it takes—[Interruption.]
We will do everything it takes to get this scheme working so that we can indeed stop the boats.
That is why this week we have signed a new legally binding treaty with Rwanda, which, together with new legislation, will address all the concerns that have been raised.
Everyone should be in no doubt about our absolute commitment to stop the boats and get flights off, because—this is the crucial point that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman does not understand—deterrence is critical.
Even the National Crime Agency has said that “you need an effective removals and deterrence agreement” if you truly want to break the cycle of tragedy that we see.
What we heard this morning from his own shadow Ministers was that they would scrap the scheme even when it is operational and working.
Once again, instead of being on the side of the British people, he finds himself on the side of the people smugglers.
When the Government first announced this gimmick, they claimed Rwanda would settle tens of thousands of people—tens of thousands of people.
Then the former Deputy Prime Minister quickly whittled it down to mere hundreds.
Then the Court of Appeal in June made it clear there is housing for just 100.
The current number of people sent there remains stubbornly consistent—zero.
At the same time, article 19 of the treaty says: “The Parties shall make arrangements for the United Kingdom to resettle a portion of Rwanda’s most vulnerable refugees in the United Kingdom”.
So how many refugees from Rwanda will be coming here to the UK under the treaty?
Madam Deputy Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
The treaty, as I have said, addresses all the concerns of the Supreme Court, but it is a point of pride that we are a compassionate country that does welcome people from around the world.
Let me just get the right hon.
and learned Gentleman up to speed on what we are doing: we have reduced the number of illegal arrivals from Albania by 90%; increased the number of illegal working raids by 50%; and because of all the action we have taken, the number of small boat arrivals is down by one third.
But what is the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plan?
What it comes down to is that he simply does not have a plan to address this problem.
[Interruption.]
No, no, I am probably being unfair, because he does have a plan: it is to cook up a deal with the EU that would see us accept 100,000 illegal migrants.
Migration has trebled on the Prime Minister’s watch, and all he can do is make up numbers about the Labour party.
It is really pitiful.
I am not actually sure the Prime Minister can have read this thing.
Article 4 says the scheme is capped at Rwanda’s capacity—that is 100.
Article 5 says Rwanda can turn them away if it wants.
Article 19 says we actually have to take refugees from Rwanda.
How much did this “fantastic” deal cost us?
As the Home Secretary was crystal clear about, there is no incremental money.
[Interruption.]
There is no incremental money that has been provided.
This is about us ensuring that the concerns of the Supreme Court have all been addressed in a legally binding treaty that will allow us to operationalise the scheme.
But I am glad the right hon.
and learned Gentleman raised the topic of legal migration, which I agree is absolutely far too high.
That is why this week we have outlined a plan, bigger than that of any other Government before, to reduce the levels of legal migration by 300,000.
It is an incredibly comprehensive plan, so if he cares so much about it, the simple question for him is: does he support the plan?
He clearly hasn’t read it.
Annex A says that, on top of the £140 million he has already showered on Rwanda, when we send people there under this treaty, we will have to pay for their accommodation and upkeep for five years.
And that is not all: a Minister admitted this morning that anyone we send to Rwanda who commits a crime can be returned to us.
I am beginning to see why the Home Secretary says the Rwanda scheme is—it was something to do with bats, wasn’t it?
What does the Prime Minister think first attracted Mr Kagame to hundreds of millions of pounds for nothing in return?
I have slightly lost the thread of the question.
The simple point is that if you believe in stopping the boats, as we on this side of the House do,  you need to have effective deterrence and a returns agreement.
It is as simple as that.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is not interested in stopping the boats, which is why he is not interested in the Rwanda plan.
In fact, we know they do not want to tackle this issue, because even when this Government were trying to deport foreign national offenders from this country, they opposed it.
Multiple shadow Front Benchers signed a letter to me to that effect, but I do not need to tell him that, because he signed it too!
[Interruption.]
Order.
That is enough.
I would say that this treaty has more holes than a Swiss cheese, but I do not want to wind up the Prime Minister by talking about a European country again.
I have to give credit to the Rwandan Government.
They saw the Prime Minister coming a mile off.
I can only imagine their delight and sheer disbelief when, having already banked £140 million of British taxpayers’ money without housing a single asylum seeker, the Prime Minister appeared again with another offer they cannot refuse—a gimmick will send taxpayers’ money to Rwanda and refugees from Rwanda to Britain, and will not stop the boats.
There was mention of Margaret Thatcher earlier—[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] Order.
There is understandable excitement about the mention of the name, but the House must listen to the Leader of the Opposition.
How did the Tory party go from “Up yours Delors” to “Take our money, Kagame”?
When it comes to this European thing and Margaret Thatcher, this is the week that the shadow Foreign Secretary did not rule out rejoining the European Union.
The Leader of the Opposition can roleplay Margaret Thatcher all he wants but, when it comes to Europe, his answer is the same: “Yes, yes, yes.”
Forget the private jet; the Prime Minister is obviously on a private planet of his own.
Daily Mail readers learned this week that he has begun to feel sorry for himself.
He has even been heard comparing his plight to his beloved Southampton football club.
I think that is a bit harsh, because the Saints have been on an 11-game unbeaten run while, as the song has it, the Prime Minister gets battered everywhere he goes.
If we want the perfect example of how badly the Tories have broken the asylum system, last week the Home Office admitted that 17,000 people in the asylum system—[Interruption.]
Order.
Come on now.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If we want the perfect example of how badly the Tories have broken the asylum system, last week the Home Office admitted that 17,000 people in the asylum system have disappeared.
These are its exact words, and they are hard to believe: “I don’t think we know where all those people are”.
Now, you might lose your car keys, you might lose your headphones, you might lose your marbles, but how do you lose 17,000 people?
On the topic of football teams, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman used to describe the Rwanda policy as immoral, yet his football team have a “Visit Rwanda” badge on the side of their shirts.
In the week when he made his big economy speech, we are still waiting to hear how he is going to borrow £28 billion and still cut taxes and reduce debt.
It is the same old thing: the sums do not add up.
While the Opposition are struggling with their calculator, we are getting on and delivering—a new treaty with Rwanda, the toughest ever measures to cut legal migration, our schools marching up the tables, and tax cuts for millions.
Whether it is controlling our borders or lowering our taxes, just like the Saints, the Conservatives are marching on.
I am getting fed up of sitting in traffic jams in my constituency caused by contractors digging up roads, involving lane closures and temporary traffic lights, often invoking utility company emergency powers when it turns out not to be an emergency and often with no sign of anybody doing any work, particularly over weekends.
I set up a campaign to name and shame these inconsiderate contractors, but it turns out that when they cause all this chaos and breach the rules of their permit, the maximum penalty is an £80 fixed penalty notice.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign and support better enforcement and realistic levels of fines?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We have set aside £8 billion as a result of our plans on HS2, which is enough to resurface over 5,000 miles of road to improve journeys—a cornerstone of our plan—but we are also introducing a range of measures, as my hon.
Friend says, to reduce congestion from roadworks.
Contained in the plan for drivers is a scheme for greater fines and penalties to ensure that works finish on time.
I will make sure that we look at his suggestion, and I wholeheartedly back his campaign.