What underpinned the approach of the organs of the state at Hillsborough was a desire to protect themselves and their reputation, rather than serve the public they were there to protect or, indeed, search for truth and justice.
That attitude did not occur just on that day: it has continued from those public authorities through the decades since.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree, therefore, that almost the most important point in the charter is that it requires organisations to place the public interest above their own reputation?
What specific steps will the Government be taking to ensure that that culture is instilled across the whole public sector.
As always, my right hon.
Friend gets to the heart of the matter.
The critical and most important point in the charter is No. 2: “Place the public interest above our own reputations.”
As my right hon.
Friend has said, those are words; she has asked how they will be woven into the culture.
One powerful example is that today, the code of practice for ethical policing is being published.
That code states in paragraph 4.5 on page 7, under the chapter heading “Ensuring openness and candour”, that “Chief officers have a duty to ensure openness and candour within their force, which will include the following.
Implementing the Charter for Families Bereaved through Public Tragedy (see Hillsborough stadium disaster: lessons that must be learnt).”
It will be there at the point of training for officers and induction for civil servants.
It is going to become part of the warp and weft of this country—part of the culture of what it means to be a civil servant in Britain.
As someone with great affection for the people of Liverpool and Merseyside, I start by saying that our thoughts are once again with the Hillsborough families.
I join  the hon.
Member for Birmingham, Ladywood (Shabana Mahmood)  in her qualified thanks for advance sight of the statement.
I was pleased that the Lord Chancellor thanked and congratulated hon.
Members, as well as Andy Burnham and Steve Rotheram, for their work in this area.
I have three questions for the Lord Chancellor.
First, the chief executive of the College of Policing has described Hillsborough as a touchstone for change, but in the years since, we have sadly seen a familiar culture of cover-up in relation to tragedies such as Grenfell and the infected blood scandal.
The Lord Chancellor appears to accept the principle; does he also accept that at some point, the public will tire of hearing about promised cultural change without visible action accompanying it?
Secondly, no police officer has been disciplined or convicted of any offence relating to the Hillsborough disaster.
Does he agree that in cases where it is proven that false evidence was given or inaccurate statements were made, retrospective action up to and including prosecution must take place?
Finally, part of the reason why the police were able to avoid full scrutiny around Hillsborough for so long was irresponsible reporting of the disaster by sections of the media.
Is the Lord Chancellor convinced that reforms in that area have gone far enough, or does he agree with many of us that more reform in that area is sadly needed?