The Hillsborough families have suffered multiple injustices: the loss of 97 lives, the blaming of the fans and the unforgivable institutional defensiveness of public bodies.
I am profoundly sorry for what they have been through.
Today, the Government have published their response to Bishop James Jones’s report to ensure that the pain and suffering of the Hillsborough families is not repeated.
I am immensely grateful that they shared their experiences.
I hope to meet them in the new year, and the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice will make an oral statement after PMQs.
Turning to the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant) , the Government continue to work closely with the Mayor of the West Midlands to develop fully his plan to deliver growth.
I join the Prime Minister in his comments about the Hillsborough families.
It is thanks to Margaret Thatcher and her robust treatment of militant trade unions in the west midlands, and to her contribution of £10 billion at today’s prices to the motor industry in the west midlands that iconic names such as Jaguar and Land Rover still exist.
Does the Prime Minister share my boundless joy that on the road to Damascus and in recognition of her great heritage and all that she achieved, another fanboy has joined in her great belief—the Leader of the Opposition?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for his area, and because of the pro-business policies of this Government, I am delighted to see that Jaguar Land Rover has invested billions of pounds in its move towards electrification in the region.
He is absolutely right: I am always happy to welcome new  Thatcherites from all sides of this House, but it says something about the Leader of the Opposition that the main strong female leader that he could praise is Margaret Thatcher, not his own fantastic deputy.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 December.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Government are set to close the household support fund in March, cutting off crucial free meals for 12,000 of Rotherham’s children in the lowest-income families.
With the Government’s cost of living crisis in full swing and energy prices about to increase again, how does the Prime Minister justify taking food from the mouths of my poorest children?
What we are doing is ensuring that no child should grow up in poverty.
That is why we have not only provided considerable cost of living support this year, worth over £3,000 to a typical household, but provided more support this winter for pensioners, a record increase in the national living wage, and a full indexation and uplifting of welfare for the next financial year.
When it comes to children and food, not only do we fund free school meals for almost 2 million children, but we introduced the holiday activities and food programme.
That programme provides not just food but enriching activities to deprived children up and down the entire country, including in the hon.
Lady’s local authority.
If there is one place where everyone should feel safe, it is in their own home, but the reality is that for some of the most vulnerable people, home is precisely where they can be most at risk.
They are terrorised by criminals who target them, move in, take control, and set up a base camp from which they sell drugs or facilitate prostitution in a horrendous form of exploitation known as cuckooing.
It has happened in Eastbourne, and it is happening across the country.
It is not an offence, but it should be; it was not cited in the Criminal Justice Bill that we debated last week, so will my right hon.
Friend and the Home Secretary meet with me and concerned colleagues to further discuss the issue?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that cuckooing is an abhorrent practice that often preys on the most vulnerable in society.
As part of the Government’s antisocial behaviour action plan, the Home Office engaged with relevant stakeholders about whether a new criminal offence was necessary.
The results of that engagement demonstrated that a range of existing powers can be used to disrupt that activity, but of course I will ensure that the relevant Minister meets with my hon.
Friend and updates her on the work we are doing to share effective practice to tackle this abhorrent problem.