I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend and call on the Welsh Labour Government to rescind the policy of a blanket 20 mph speed limit across Wales.
At the same time, I call on them to rescind their policy of building no new roads ever again in Wales, and I call on them to scrap their policy of bringing in road charging for using the motorway network.
Is it not interesting that not one Labour Member present is willing to stand up to defend their own Senedd Government policy?
We have already heard about the importance of tourism to the Welsh economy.
Has my right hon.
Friend made any assessment of the impact on tourism, which will disappear from Wales as a result of this blanket ban?
My hon.
Friend makes an interesting point.
People will now not only have to pay extra money to come into Wales as a result of the Welsh Labour Government’s tourism tax, but find it a lot slower to get around Wales as a result of the Welsh Labour Government’s speed limits.
In my constituency of Monmouthshire, the Labour council has recently decided for the first time ever to bring in charges for people who want to use the shops on a Sunday over the Christmas period, meaning that it wants us to slow down, but not to stop.
Local authorities in Wales have had the opportunity to exempt roads and villages from the blanket application of a speed limit.
Devon County Council has had less discretion.
In May this year, 105 parishes in Devon applied to the county council to have a 20 mph limit, but only six applications were granted.
Does the Minister accept that an opt-in system for 20 mph zones depends on local authorities having enough funding to exercise discretion?
The hon.
Gentleman’s party is in charge in Powys—I am not sure whether he is aware of that.
The reality is that local authorities across Wales need more funding to implement such policies, which have cost £30 million.
The Welsh Labour Government are diverting money from local authorities so that they can spend it on their pet schemes, including extra Senedd Members.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the impact of the autumn statement on households in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues regarding UK Government support for households in Wales, so I was absolutely delighted that in the autumn statement the Chancellor announced a 9.8% rise in the national living wage, providing an extra £1,800 to the annual earnings of full-time workers.
We are all thinking of the lovely Glenys Kinnock and her family, especially my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock) , at this sad time.
The number of emergency food parcels distributed by the Trussell—[Interruption.]
Order.
Does it occur to hon.
Members when they are conversing in a normal speaking tone, rather than whispering, while a Member is asking a question that it is really rude and discourteous?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The number of emergency food parcels distributed by Trussell Trust food banks in Newport West is on the rise.
In 2018, the number of parcels distributed was 1,971.
In the same period this year, over 3,000 were distributed to families.
There was nothing in the autumn statement that would make that situation better.
Why not?
With respect, I disagree with the hon.
Lady.
The fact that inflation has been halved will be of benefit to anyone receiving food parcels.
The fact that there has been a cut in national insurance will be beneficial for people.
The fact that there has been an increase in the living wage will be beneficial for people.
The fact that pensions and benefits are going up in line with inflation is going to be beneficial for people in her constituency.
What is not going to be beneficial for her constituents is the Welsh Labour Government wanting to spend over £100 million creating extra Senedd Members.