The Prime Minister is aware that the household tax known as the television licence fee is due to rise in  April in line with inflation.
Given the ongoing household budget constraints with which all our constituents are faced, such as increasing childcare costs, as well as ongoing unresolved staffing issues at BBC Northern Ireland, national BBC television and national BBC radio, is this really the right time to proceed with an even larger £3.7 billion licence fee budget, enhanced yet again?
We have already agreed a fair settlement with the BBC that will see the licence fee remain frozen until 2024.
However, the hon.
Member has raised an excellent point.
I have been clear about the fact that the BBC needs to be realistic about what is possible in an environment like this, and the licence fee should rise only at a level that people can actually afford.
The Culture Secretary has said that “we are looking at” this issue right now, and she will set out more details in due course.
Longton, the largest town in my constituency, has not benefited from future high streets funding, from town deals, or from the latest long-term plan for towns.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that it can have some investment from the Government, and does he agree that some of the latest National Lottery Heritage Fund award to Stoke-on-Trent should definitely be invested there?
My hon.
Friend is a tireless champion for his local community.
I know that there has been considerable investment in his area over the past few years in plenty of ways, but he has made an excellent point about making sure that no one misses out on the considerable resources that are being invested in Stoke, and I will ensure that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities takes his concerns very seriously.
rose— Order.
We are running way over time.
I appreciate it would be a great disappointment to Members whose names are on the Order Paper if they were not called, so I am trying my best to call them all, but may I please make a plea for brevity?
When the Prime Minister is taking a dip in his pool or is on the beach at his place in California, he does not have to worry about swimming in sewage.
The rest of us do not have it so good, so why will he not back Labour’s plans for criminal liability for water company bosses who fail to clean up their act?
We have already brought in regulations that ensure there can be unlimited fines for water companies, and there have been dozens of criminal prosecutions.
I would also say, however, that when we had a debate in the House on exactly a plan that would do all this, who did not show up to vote?
It was the Labour party.
In recent weeks I have seen at first hand the extraordinary work conducted by specialist care staff in accident and emergency units.
As politicians, we are often guilty of using the NHS as a political football, but when it becomes personal, one is  reminded that what we have in the UK is very special.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking our superb NHS staff in Bracknell, across Berkshire, in neighbouring Basingstoke and Frimley Park Hospitals, and beyond?
NHS staff are at the heart of what makes our health service work.
There would not be an NHS without them—without their skill, their expertise and their dedication.
I was delighted I could pay them my thanks last week in person.
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking NHS staff not just in his constituency but across the country for their dedicated hard work and public service.
It is now six years since Bishop James Jones published the Hillsborough report, and only today, finally, do we get the Government’s response.
When will the Government introduce not just a voluntary charter, an independent public advocate or a code of ethical policing, but a full Hillsborough law to force those in public office to co-operate fully with investigations, and to guarantee fairer funding to enable those affected by a major tragedy to challenge public institutions?
As I have said, I am profoundly sorry for what the Hillsborough families have been through, and my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary will be making a full statement immediately after PMQs.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Having worked as a junior doctor, I understand that it is a demanding job and have sympathy with the challenges they face.
However, the strikes that are planned for the festive period threaten public safety and will delay treatment.
Causing patients suffering in the pursuit of more money for oneself is, in my view, morally indefensible.
What concrete steps is the Prime Minister taking to prevent the strikes, and will he bring forward minimum service legislation to protect patients in case they do go ahead?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and speaks from a position of experience on this issue.
The Government have now reached settlements with every other part of the public sector, including, most recently, consultants, and I am grateful to them for their constructive engagement with the Government.
The junior doctors are taking action in the face of a recommendation from an independent body of a 9% pay rise, on average—the highest increase across the entire public sector.
The Government have gone beyond that in conversations with them, but they have still decided to take damaging strike action.
It is wrong, and that is why we have introduced minimum service levels, to ensure that we can guarantee a safe level of care for patients across the NHS.
It would be good to hear from the Labour party, at some point, whether they will get off the fence, condemn these strikes and back these minimum service laws.
Universal credit is broken.
One constituent told me that the Department for Work and Pensions is refusing to reimburse her childcare payment because it was four days late due to a phone being broken.
She is down £1,200 and is  unable to pay for childcare.
She has lost her job and will likely have to move house.
With three weeks to go before Christmas, she is extremely anxious and distressed.
Does the Prime Minister realise the real consequences for real people of this broken system?
I am sorry to hear about the circumstances of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me, I will make sure that we get specific support in place for her constituent and ensure that she can access what she needs.
When it comes to universal credit, I strongly disagree with the hon.
Lady.
It was only because of the actions of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  that universal credit was implemented, and the only reason we were able to get support to millions of vulnerable people during the pandemic was that we had replaced the legacy system with universal credit, and that was opposed at every step by the Labour party.
It is always a pleasure to work closely with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire (Craig Williams)  in delivering important projects, such as the Llanymynech-Pant bypass on the border with north Shropshire, and today is another example of our partnership.
He is unfortunately unable to ask a question, given his role as the Prime Minister’s Parliamentary Private Secretary, so will the Prime Minister join me in highlighting my right hon.
Friend’s work with the Famers Union of Wales in organising the terrific celebration of Montgomeryshire Day in the Jubilee Room straight after Question Time?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent campaigner for his constituents, as indeed is my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire (Craig Williams) .
It is fantastic to see these local projects being delivered in their area—and I am grateful to my right  hon.
Friend for teaching me how to pronounce “Pant-Llanymynech” for my first Budget.
I am delighted to declare from the Dispatch Box that today is now officially Montgomeryshire Day, and I look forward to everyone celebrating in the Jubilee Room straight after Question Time.
I beg your indulgence briefly, Madam Deputy Speaker, to wish my constituent who was attacked in yesterday’s serious incident in Aberfan a speedy recovery.
I thank the emergency services and school staff for their swift and professional response.
Britain is getting smaller on the world stage on this Prime Minister’s watch.
His climate failures mean that our children and grandchildren will bear the brunt of the costs.
His plans are undermining Britain’s energy security and bills are still sky high for working families, yet he is hiking the tax burden and real living standards are falling by more than 3%.
Tinkering with a reset just does not compensate for 13 years of failure, does it, Prime Minister?
First, can I say that my thoughts are with the victim and her family after the awful incident that took place on the streets of Aberfan?
We wish them a full and speedy recovery, and I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking the emergency services for their immediate response.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about leaving our children and grandchildren with costs.
He is right to raise that because it is important that we do not do that.
The question, then, for him and the Labour party is: why do they want to embark on a green borrowing spree of £28 billion a year that will just mean higher taxes for our children and grandchildren and higher mortgage rates?
It is the same old story: reckless borrowing and the British people paying the price.