Order.
I think we have got it.
In a couple of years’ time, we will have increased spending to over £8 billion every year on free hours and early education, which will help working families with childcare costs; indeed, it is the single biggest investment in childcare in England ever.
But my hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and that is why we will ensure that there is a discretionary supplement in the local authorities’ local funding formula for rural communities to account for the smaller economies of scale, so that they can continue to deliver their vital work.
Nine months on from the Windsor framework, I thank the Prime Minister for his ongoing efforts to restore the Northern Ireland Assembly and Executive.
However, if and when the institutions are restored, they will still be plagued by the same structural weaknesses that have seen repeated collapses and unfairness on things such as designations.
This week, the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee published a report calling for a review of the Good Friday agreement.
Many architects of the agreement, such as Tony Blair, John Major and Bertie Ahern, have recognised the case for reform.
Will the Prime Minister commit to an early review of the agreement to improve its stability, effectiveness and fairness?
I recognise the hon.
Member’s campaigning on this issue and I have great respect for his position.
Indeed, we have spoken on a number of   occasions both here and on my visits to Northern Ireland.
My focus right now is on getting the institutions up and running, and my overarching priority is to get public services in Northern Ireland back on track, which I know is an ambition that he and I share.
Any reform of institutions is best dealt with with the support of all parts of the community.
When it comes to restoring the current institutions, the Government are doing everything they can to support efforts, and I know that the Secretary of State will be in touch for engagement with the parties imminently on that point.
Yesterday, 13 men died by suicide; today, 88 men  will die of heart disease; tomorrow, and every day, 90,000 men will wake up in prison; and today we have 2.2 million boys living at home with no dad.
Thankfully, we have an excellent Cabinet Minister for women, and an excellent Minister for Women.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss the merits of a Minister for men and boys?
As Warren Farrell has said, when one sex loses, “both sexes lose”.
My hon.
Friend should be commended for his tireless campaigning on this issue.
He is particularly right to focus on suicide, and I am grateful for his engagement with the suicide prevention strategy, which sets out the actions that we will take to reduce suicides in the coming years.
It was thanks in part to his campaigning that on International Men’s Day we announced that we are appointing the first men’s health ambassador and launching a men’s health taskforce.
I look forward to continued collaboration with him so that we can represent his concerns adequately.
Convicted criminals are being held in police station cells across West Yorkshire because the Government have completely failed to deliver more prison places.
Two thirds of prisons are overcrowded, criminals are let out early—if sentenced at all—only 2% of rapists reach court, serious violence is up by 60%, knife crime is up by 70%, and nearly 65,000 cases are waiting to be heard.
How can the Prime Minister reassure the residents of Wakefield that they are safe on our streets?
We have a clear plan to protect victims, punish criminals and cut crime.
We are in fact investing £400 million more in prison places on top of the £4 billion that I announced as Chancellor, which is delivering 20,000 new cells.
We are also making sure that rapists serve every day of their sentences and ensuring that life means life for the worst offenders—something that I hope the Labour party will be supporting soon.
My constituents Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis, who are in the Public Gallery, lost their son after a long battle with cancer, during which they visited him in hospital every day.
They have set up a charity called It’s Never You to help parents in that situation, and on Monday I intend to present a Bill that will ask the Government to report on what support can be given to those parents.
I hope the Prime Minister might ask Ministers to discuss that with me so that we can find a way forward to help parents in that dreadful situation.
May I express my sympathies to my right hon.
and learned Friend’s constituents for what they have been through, and commend them for setting up the It’s Never You charity?
I will ensure that he and the organisers get the appropriate meeting with the Minister to discuss its important work.
He is absolutely right that parents who are in that situation should have all the support they need, and we will make sure that that happens.
One in five of my residents lives in fuel poverty and, according to Cornwall Insight, this winter looks to be the most brutal yet, with the current trajectory in energy prices expected to be the new norm for the rest of the decade.
As the Prime Minister will know, one of the best ways to support households is through the introduction of a social tariff.
He promised a consultation by summer this year, but we are still waiting.
When will the consultation be released?
We have also provided considerable support in the here
and now for households with their energy bills: £900 of direct cost of living support this financial year on top of a record increase in benefits, along with winter fuel payments of up to £300 this winter for pensioners, because they are particularly vulnerable.
We will continue to look at all the support we have to ensure that those who need it are getting the help they deserve.
During COP28, will the Prime Minister salute South West Bedfordshire’s contribution to our nation’s energy security for having had the tallest wind turbine in England, the largest battery in Europe and now the most powerful wind turbine in England, which has local support?
Can we also ensure that my constituents now get cheaper energy bills for hosting this vital infrastructure?
We are looking exactly at how local communities can benefit when new infrastructure is in their vicinity, as part of our new plan for increased energy security.
May I commend my hon.
Friend’s local area for the contribution it is making to our clean energy transition?
It is a great example of this country’s fantastic track record in delivering net zero and decarbonising faster than any other major economy, not something we will hear from the Labour party, but something that those of us on the Government Benches are very proud of.
The Government failed in their legal duty to publish  a report on spiking by April, stating that they were reconsidering whether their rationale for not introducing a specific offence for spiking was sound.
Will the Prime Minister clarify when and if the spiking report will ever be published?
Does he agree with me and colleagues right across the House that the only sound approach to this issue is to create a specific criminal offence for spiking?
This issue has been reviewed by legal police colleagues.
My latest understanding is that existing laws did cover the offence of spiking, but I am happy, of course, to ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a letter that explains the position.
Not content with being the third-most indebted council in England, with a debt of £670 million, Liberal Democrat Eastleigh Borough Council recently refinanced its failed One Heaton Heath housing project to the tune of £148 million, with no houses built and interest payments of £386,000 per month.
Will the Prime Minister now ask the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to intervene and independently investigate the development?
May I ask for a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss this terrible decision by Eastleigh Borough Council?
I am aware that some local authorities, including the one my hon.
Friend mentions, have taken excessive risks with borrowing and investment practices.
That is why we have taken a range of measures to strengthen the regulatory framework to prevent that from happening.
They include new powers that make it quicker and easier for the Government to step in when councils take on excessive risk through borrowing.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to raise his concerns, because his constituents deserve better.
National Energy Action says that 13% of North Tynesiders are in fuel poverty, 3,000 homes have legacy prepayment meters and we are in the bottom 5% for energy efficiency, but the Chancellor announced no new funding to help people this winter.
We are now in advent, so what Christmas message does the Prime Minister have for my constituents who are freezing in their homes?
As I outlined, we have provided considerable support for particularly vulnerable families this year and through this winter.
We are also investing record sums in improving the energy efficiency and insulation of vulnerable homes through our home upgrade scheme and the warm home discount, which on average can save people hundreds of pounds on their energy bills when they receive that support.
We are expanding those programmes across the country, including in the north-east.
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Karim Khan KC, has concluded his first visit to Israel and Palestine, and has said: “We must show that the law is there, on the front lines, and that it is capable of protecting all”.
What support will Britain offer the International Criminal Court to enable it to conduct investigations of the conduct of all parties in Israel, Gaza and the west bank before and since  7 October ?
As is well known, we are a strong and long-standing supporter of the International Criminal Court.
When it comes to the situation in Gaza, we have been consistent in saying that international humanitarian law has to be respected.
All parties must take every possible step to avoid harming civilians, and I can say that I stressed that point specifically just yesterday to Prime Minister Netanyahu.