The Minister will be aware that he UK-EU Parliamentary Partnership Assembly has been meeting in Westminster this week.
It was made clear by the co-chair, Natalie Loiseau MEP that Glenys Kinnock had made a huge contribution in the European Parliament, particularly in advocating for women’s rights.
That was something that she wanted to record, so it is not just in this Parliament that Glenys Kinnock will be remembered for her role in politics.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the cut in national insurance contributions, the improvement in the national living wage and the cutting of inflation are crucial to Welsh households, as they are across the UK?
I agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend on all those points—first, that Glenys Kinnock made an enormous contribution to politics in this country, as has her husband, to whom we send our  condolences, and as does her son who, at this very moment, is working hard to support steelmaking in south Wales.
It is a pleasure to work with him on the transition board in Port Talbot, even though we have disagreements from time to time on political matters.
May I add to the tributes and support everything that my right hon.
and learned Friend said?
I agree that the recent changes in the autumn statement will be beneficial for people in Wales.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on expediting the development of floating offshore wind in the Celtic Sea.
I have regular—in fact, frequent—conversations with Cabinet colleagues and stakeholders to support the floating offshore wind industry, which will create high-quality jobs in Wales.
The Government fully support plans for up to 4 GW of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, and we are working to bring forward an additional 12 GW through the 2030s, with the potential to bring forward up to £20 billion-worth of investment.
Previous offshore wind developments on England’s east coast have shown that appropriate planning is needed to minimise disruption to communities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the development of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea should mean single-cable corridors—one to his side of the water, and just one to the north coast of Devon or Cornwall—to reduce environmental and societal disruption?
I know that the electricity systems operator is currently reviewing the design of connections for offshore wind projects.
Last week—or possibly earlier this week—I met the Crown Estate, and I have been meeting National Grid to discuss some of the issues around cabling and the reconfiguration of the grid.
The decision as to where the cables will go and how many of them there will be is a fairly technical one that I fear I am not qualified to take a view on, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Crown Estate and National Grid would be more than happy to talk to her about that.
Any onshore and offshore wind in the Celtic sea will affect fishermen in Northern Ireland as well.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that, when it comes to plans for offshore wind, the fishing organisations in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales will all have input on where it happens, so that fishing will not be affected?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
In sparking a floating offshore wind industry, certain challenges need to be dealt with together with various other Government Departments—he has made reference to one challenge.
I can assure him that I have already had informal discussions about that, and will be looking to have more such discussions with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and other Government Departments to ensure that we overcome all the challenges and create a vibrant, sustainable industry for the future.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of energy bills in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a variety of issues, including the cost of energy bills.
The Government recognise the challenges posed by cost of living pressures, which is why we are providing on average £3,700 per household from 2022-23 to 2024-25 to support households and individuals with the cost of living.