My hon.
Friend speaks with great knowledge on this subject, and I am pleased to confirm that the UK is continuing to assess humanitarian needs in the region, including in relation to de-mining in Armenia and Azerbaijan.
We have provided £1 million to the UN development programme since 2020 to aid de-mining efforts in both Armenia and Azerbaijan, and our embassy in Baku has had discussions with the Azerbaijani Government on reconstruction and reintegration of the region.
While unspeakable horrors unfold in Israel and Palestine, we must not forget other conflicts around the world in which crimes against humanity have been committed against innocent civilians.
Following Azerbaijan’s military intervention in Nagorno-Karabakh, almost all of the ethnic Armenian population has been forced to flee.
With more than 100,000 people displaced, and reports that as few as 50 but a maximum of 1,000 remain in the region, does the Minister agree that it bears the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing?
I do not agree, but I should say that we have urged both sides to resume dialogue.
Talks will be the basis of a sustainable peace.
I have made that point to Foreign Ministers from both countries in recent weeks.
I will make that point again when I travel to both countries in the coming weeks.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
In response to the terrorist attacks on  7 October , my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister, other Ministers and I have of course engaged intensively with allies in the region, but we are equally determined to deliver on other vital priorities, notably supporting Ukraine, tackling illegal migration, supporting stability in sub-Saharan Africa and alleviating poverty around the world.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that the Government of France have announced today that they are sending their Foreign Minister to the United Nations Security Council to argue for a humanitarian truce in Gaza, which in their words would be capable of leading to a ceasefire and necessary for the distribution of aid to civilian populations.
It would also allow the focus to concentrate on the release of hostages, which I would have thought would commend itself also to the Government of Israel.
Will the Government support— Order.
Being first on the Order Paper is not permission to take all the time.
Topicals should be short and sweet.
The right hon.
Gentleman has been here long enough to know that.
I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we are trying to find every avenue to alleviate humanitarian suffering.
We will be represented at senior ministerial level at the Security Council later today.
We want to take action that will actually deliver aid and support to the Palestinian people who are suffering in Gaza.
Seven years ago, my Dartford constituent George Lowe was brutally murdered in Cyprus.
We know who the killers are, and the Cypriot police know who the killers are, yet they have never been brought to justice.
Although I accept that this is a complicated diplomatic situation, will the Minister assure the House that the Foreign Office will not rest until justice for George Lowe is forthcoming?
My sincere condolences go out to George Lowe’s family.
Consular staff remain in contact with the Cypriot authorities and the family on this case.
We passed to the Cypriot authorities a letter from George’s family regarding the investigation, and have followed up for a response, most recently on  5 October .
I am very grateful for my hon.
Friend’s advocacy in this case.
We will, of course, keep in touch to see what we can do.