The Prime Minister set out yesterday very clearly what our policy is.
We are doing everything we can to protect children.
British aid is already making a difference by supporting the international relief effort, which is going in through Rafah.
I completely endorse what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham, Deptford (Vicky Foxcroft)  just said about the impact on children.
Trucks at the Rafah crossing are welcome, but the aid getting through is nowhere near enough to avert humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza.
Fuel is urgently needed for the desalination plants that would ensure drinking water and for the energy generators that would power hospitals, which would prevent huge loss of life.
Why is that fuel not being allowed through?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right that the Rafah crossing is currently the only way we can get food and relief supplies in.
Supplies are coming to El Arish, but the number of trucks going through every day is far too small.
We will continue to press all the relevant authorities to allow humanitarian support and aid of the type she describes through the Rafah crossing to help those whose circumstances are precisely as she describes.
With thousands of innocent civilians dead, tens of thousands injured, hundreds of thousands displaced and a denial of humanitarian need, what level of civilian suffering will it take before this Government back calls for a ceasefire?
The hon.
Gentleman sets out the tremendous suffering that is happening, but he, like me, will agree with the Prime Minister that the source of this was the appalling terrorist, murderous action by Hamas, which, as the Foreign Secretary said a few minutes ago, killed more Jewish people than on any day since the second world war and the holocaust.
As the fighting continues, the UN estimates that about 160 women will give birth every day in Gaza; meanwhile the lives of at least 120 newborns in incubators are at risk due to lack of power, fuel, medicine and water.
These women and children are not terrorists.
Will the Secretary of State listen to the increasing calls for a ceasefire, which would be the best way to ensure the release of hostages, who are in a terrible situation, and the delivery of aid for Palestinian citizens?
On delivering aid and support, I had the opportunity to meet a very large number of the British charities and non-governmental organisations that are trying to help in Gaza, and I keep in very close touch with them.
On the issue of access and support through these trusted agencies, we will do everything that we can to help.
Thousands of innocent people have been killed, and aid workers are included in that devastating loss.
UN experts on the ground have given repeated warnings that the current Israeli military strategy could lead to the permanent ethnic cleansing of Palestinians.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister said at the Dispatch Box that there were mechanisms to deal with breaches of international law.
Can the Minister tell us more on what the Government are doing to support independent investigations and the International Criminal Court?
The answer to the hon.
Lady’s perfectly proper question is that international and legal organisations all around the world will be looking at this and giving their opinions.
People in Cheadle are deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza and welcome the doubling of aid that was announced by the Prime Minister.
However, we know that Hamas have a history of diverting and misusing aid that is given to them for their own terrorist purposes.
What steps can we take to ensure that this much-needed aid gets to the people in need?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to warn about the proper use of aid.
I can tell her that this is probably the most scrutinised programme of humanitarian relief and support that Britain has.
If ever we see anything that we think is untoward, we immediately stop using that group.
None the less, we operate through trusted partners, and the proof is that they are trusted and are partners.
Last week, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency stated that Hamas had stolen fuel, medical supplies and food intended for Palestinians.
It then subsequently deleted that statement, but the way that Hamas have repeatedly compromised UNRWA operations in Gaza has been well-documented in recent years.
What assurances  can my right hon.
Friend give that that aid will be targeted correctly and will reach the people who so desperately need it?
My right hon.
Friend is right that UNRWA operates in difficult circumstances, but I can tell him that we talk to it all the time about the proper use of these resources and we will do everything we can always to make sure that they go to the intended place.
My constituents in Hyndburn and Haslingden and I thank the Foreign Secretary for all the work that he is doing to ensure that aid is getting to Gaza, but we know that the UN has stated that it needs at least 100 trucks a day to take the aid to those who desperately need it.
Can my right hon.
Friend set out what conversations he is having with his Israeli and Egyptian counterparts to make sure that that aid is getting to where it needs to be?
Foreign Office officials, the Foreign Secretary and others are talking to all the relevant authorities in Egypt and Israel.
My hon.
Friend will understand that the key thing is to increase the number of lorries that are getting through Rafah.
The current number is wholly inadequate.
I talk to Martin Griffiths virtually every day about the operations that the UN is conducting to try to beef up that number.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister said that we would finally challenge actions that undercut legitimate aspirations for Palestinian statehood, and there are none more fundamental than 57 years of breaches of the fourth Geneva convention by the illegal occupation of the territories, and then with 750,000 Jewish settlers being placed in those territories making a two-state solution very, very difficult.
Are we actually now going to do something about that, or does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the meaningful resolution to which the Foreign Secretary referred may include the transfer of the people of Gaza and Gaza itself out of the state of Israel into the hands of another state or state system, and, more concerningly, that that would be followed by the expulsion of the Palestinians from the west bank?
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing and principled view on these matters.
I do not share his view and nor do the Government.
Nor do I think that the latter part of his question and the specific points that he made are likely to come about.