I have been inundated with emails from constituents terrified for the future of the internally displaced Palestinians in Gaza.
Since  7 October , nearly 600,000 internally displaced persons have been sheltering in 150 United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities, 35 UNRWA staff have been killed, and 40 UNRWA installations have been damaged.
When the ground invasion inevitably starts, where are these people meant to go?
Who is expected to host them?
Who will administer them, and where will the support come from?
Finally and fundamentally, what does the Foreign Secretary believe is the Israeli politicians’ long-term objective?
All the conversations that we have had with Israel, with Egypt and with intermediaries who are able to maintain lines of communication with  Hamas have been about the preservation of human life.
Let me put this on the record once again: we completely support Israel’s right, and indeed duty, of self-defence.
We are only just starting to see the scale of the brutality.
Video evidence retrieved from those individuals who brutalised and murdered Israeli citizens on  7 October  has now been put in the public domain, and it is worse than any of us could have imagined.
We absolutely stand by Israel’s right to self-defence, and we have said that we want to work with Israel, with Egypt, with the countries in the near neighbourhood and, of course, with those who are the de facto Government in Gaza to minimise civilian casualties.
We have had that commitment from Israel; we have had no such commitment from Hamas.
Since I raised this question with the Prime Minister last week, indiscriminate airstrikes and a total siege blocking food, water and medical supplies have killed thousands of innocent Palestinian men and women and more than 1,000 children.
Let us be absolutely clear in this House: this is now beyond a humanitarian catastrophe.
Even as we stand here today, innocent blood continues to be spilt on the streets of Gaza, and mosques, churches, schools, hospitals, bakeries, water plants and homes continue to be flattened by the Israeli military.
I have a very simple question for the Foreign Secretary.
Just what will it take?
How many thousands of innocent Palestinians must be slaughtered before this Government condemn the brutality and bloodshed?
We have consistently said that we want to minimise further loss of life, and the lives lost among the Palestinian people are of course something for which we grieve, but we must never lose sight of the fact that during the period since  7 October , thousands of rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel.
Indeed, according to an assessment that we now have, one of the most high-profile losses of lives in Gaza, which was covered extensively by the British and international media, was likely caused by a rocket emanating from Gaza and targeting Israel.
While I respect the hon.
Gentleman’s passion about the preservation of life, and I assure him that I share his passion, we must be thoughtful, and we must remember why this is happening.
It must not be forgotten that the single largest murder of Jews since the holocaust was initiated by Hamas, who then put Palestinians intentionally in harm’s way as part of their operations.
One of the appalling hallmarks of the terrorist attack by Hamas on the state of Israel has been hostage taking, and we are now seeing hostage taking increasingly being used in state-sponsored terrorism.
With that in mind, and given the number of British hostages who are currently being held, does my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary think that now is the time to appoint a prime ministerial envoy for hostages, with full diplomatic immunity, so that the British state can keep in touch with Britons who are being held and use our soft power to negotiate their release?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We have one of the largest and most effective diplomatic networks, so our diplomats on the ground  are often best placed to initiate those negotiations, but he raises a good point and I will take his suggestion seriously.
I, like many others, have received hundreds if not thousands of emails from my constituents expressing their despair at what they are seeing happening in Gaza.
It is more than a humanitarian emergency.
Does the Secretary of State agree with Labour’s calls to work with international partners to give UN agencies such as UNRWA the long-term resources they need, as well as to insist that fuel is allowed into Gaza?