Has the Secretary of State seen any evidence, been made aware of any evidence or had reasonable grounds to believe that Israel has breached international humanitarian law in its response to the Hamas atrocities on  7 October ?
I am not in a position, and indeed it is not my role, to make an assessment of the interpretation of events that are unfolding as we speak.
There will, of course, be assessments of the nature of international humanitarian law.
We are trying to make sure that, in all of its actions for its legitimate self-defence, Israel abides by international law.
If it is not the Foreign Secretary’s responsibility to make that assessment, I wonder whose it is.
He knows that international humanitarian law is unambiguous in saying that the collective punishment of a civilian population is illegal.
Is he telling us that he is unaware, or has seen no evidence, that people have been forced from their homes and that their water, food, power and access to medicine have been cut off?
Or is he actually saying that all of this has happened but the UK Government have unilaterally decided that international humanitarian law does not apply to this conflict?
The hon.
Gentleman undermines his own question by making the assertion that his interpretation of international humanitarian law is, by default, one to which I have to subscribe.
His definition of what is happening is not one that I necessarily agree with.
Whether he has received reports on the potential role of Iran in providing financial and other support for Hamas for terrorist attacks on Israel.
Whether he has received reports on the potential involvement of Iran in providing support for Hamas for terror attacks on Israel.
Hamas is responsible for these appalling terrorist attacks.
We know that Iran has been a long-term funder and supporter of Hamas, Hezbollah and Palestinian Islamic Jihad.
Iran’s support for these militant groups has a destabilising impact on regional and international security, and we remain ever watchful of its actions.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for that answer.
Iran’s fingerprints are all over Hamas’s brutal massacre in Israel.
Iran’s blatant arming, funding—worth $100 million a year—and training of terror groups  around the region is no secret.
Hamas’s leaders have even publicly lavished praise on Iran and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for their support.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we must be absolutely clear about the threat posed by Iran abroad and at home, and that now is the time for a policy reset?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s assessment of Iran’s malign influence.
The Government and the FCDO are well aware of this, and I can assure him that we have been clear-eyed throughout the work we do with regard to Iran and its influence in the region.
We will remain ever watchful.
I am sure that no reset is required, because we are very conscious of Iran’s impact on the region.
What diplomatic efforts are His Majesty’s Government taking to protect and, indeed, enhance the Abraham accords in the light of the fact that the Iranian regime is clearly seeking to engender discord and, indeed, conflict in the middle east?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Abraham accords have been a force for good.
We need to protect them and ideally enhance them.
Anything that sees greater co-operation between Israel and the Arab world has to be a step in the right direction when it comes to the creation of a sustainable two-state solution.
I can assure him that we remain focused on that outcome.
This Government have rightly imposed sanctions on those states and organisations that support terrorism.
Can the Secretary of State therefore clarify that if it is found, following an independent investigation, that Israel has also broken international law and committed war crimes in Gaza, his Government will consider the introduction of appropriate sanctions?
The hon.
Gentleman invites me to speculate about our future response to future events.
At the moment, I am dealing with events in the here
and now.
I am trying to prevent loss of life.
I am in constant conversations with the leadership in the region to try to prevent further Israeli and Palestinian loss of life.
Yesterday I had the privilege of meeting families whose loved ones have been taken hostage.
They came here to share their testimony, which was deeply moving.
They raised the fact that Iran is very much behind this, so why have we yet to proscribe the IRGC?
It was time a year ago, so it is surely time now.
What is the excuse for waiting?
I have a huge amount of sympathy for the plight of the families who have either lost loved ones or have loved ones who are still held hostage in Gaza.
I will be meeting families who have members held hostage later.
As I have said regularly, we are well aware of Iran’s influence.
Any decision about proscription will be a cross-Government decision.
The advantages and disadvantages of proscribing will always be at the heart  of any decision-making process, but as the hon.
Lady knows, we do not comment on future sanctions or proscription designations.
Following on from the question of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , I emphasise that Labour has been calling on the Government for many months to proscribe the IRGC.
Evidence is emerging of Iranian involvement in the Hamas terrorist attack in Israel.
We also understand that the United States has called on the United Kingdom to follow its example.
I therefore press the Foreign Secretary: when will the Government act, by using either existing terrorism legislation or a new process of proscription directed at the IRGC?
I remind the House that the IRGC—as well as certain individuals who are members of it—is sanctioned in its entirety.
As I said in response to the question of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , no international measure comes without cost.
There are advantages and disadvantages to proscription, which fundamentally would mean that we could have no direct diplomatic relations with Iran.
As I have said, we always take those issues seriously, and any decision will be made cross-Government, but we do not speculate on future sanctions or proscription designations.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to provide rapid resettlement routes under pathway 3 of the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
The FCDO has referred more than 1,450 people under ACRS pathway 3 to the Home Office.
We are supporting more than 900 Afghans in third countries, for instance with accommodation, and we are grateful to Pakistan for the work we do together to that end.
Of course, we remain committed to relocating all eligible Afghan families to the UK.
We are working closely with the Home Office and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to ensure that they all have suitable accommodation on arrival.
Before I ask my supplementary question, I would like to put on record that my thoughts are with everyone who is affected by the disturbing scenes we have witnessed in Israel and Palestine.
Shortly after the evacuation in Afghanistan, I told Ministers that many of my constituents have relatives in Afghanistan who work for the British Government.
What is the Minister doing to keep the Government’s promise of further support for those who helped the UK’s mission in Afghanistan?
We continue our diplomatic efforts, including through supporting those Afghans in third countries.
We have relocated more than 21,000 Afghans under the Afghans relocations and assistance policy—ARAP—and the ACRS, and we will continue to do that.
Last week, the Government made the right decision to lift the quota for pathway 3, thus allowing all eligible British Council contractors to come to the UK.
However, many contractors and their families are waiting in Pakistan for clearance to come to the UK because accommodation has yet to be arranged.
May I urge the Government to resolve that housing issue urgently, given the Pakistani authorities’ threat to return the contractors to Afghanistan next month?
That would be a disaster, and we need to sort it out now.
We are acutely aware of the challenge to which my hon.
Friend alludes.
We are working at pace with our mission in Pakistan and we are seized of the natural justice required and the fact that we need to do our duty to those people.
That is why the full pace of our institutional effort is focused on doing just that.
We look forward to keeping colleagues updated.