We cannot forget this autumn that we are seeing a broader escalation of the conflict in Ukraine into the frontiers of our Euro-Atlantic homeland.
I speak in particular about the recent announcements by the Governments of Sweden, Finland and Estonia that undersea assets linking those countries have been intentionally damaged by third parties.
I should declare an interest as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Estonia.
My primary concern, which I am sure the Minister shares, is closer to home.
Events in the eastern Mediterranean and the Baltics demonstrate the diffuse nature of the threats we need to face, but they also demonstrate the importance of keeping a singular focus on the areas that the Government can best hope to influence.
While supporting the heroic and excellent bilateral support for the people of Ukraine as they continue their fight, on the day that the Defence Committee publishes a report into the Government’s Indo-Pacific tilt, can I ask the Minister to reiterate his Government’s commitment to Euro-Atlantic security as a central strategic concern of these islands of the north Atlantic that we inhabit together, and critically, to update the House on the security of our North sea oil and gas infrastructure?
It is fantastic to hear the SNP’s epiphany on the strategic importance of North sea oil and gas.
We take seriously the requirement to protect our subsea infrastructure, whether oil and gas, fibre-optic cables or energy interconnectors.
The Royal Navy has ships permanently at high readiness to ensure that our national economic zone is secure.
The hon.
Gentleman made an important point.
Is a time of growing instability in the Euro-Atlantic and the near east one also to be committing more military resource to the far east and the Indo-Pacific?
Every defence review—the original integrated review and its refresh—has been clear that the absolute foundation of all our military effort is around security in the Euro-Atlantic, but if our principal ally in the United States is ever-more concerned, as it is, about its competition with China and the challenge in the Indo-Pacific, it is surely necessary to show our willingness to contribute to Indo-Pacific security alongside the United States, so that the United States remains engaged in Euro-Atlantic security, too.
Before I ask my question, may I quote the former Defence Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) ?
In an important article in The Daily Telegraph at the beginning of October, he said: “Before I left office, I asked the PM to match or increase the £2.3 billion for Ukraine to add to the £4.6 billion we have spent already.
The UK is no longer the biggest European donor to Ukraine—Germany is.”
Does the Minister agree that this is a helpful exchange of views, because it will enable him and his team to go to the Treasury and express how united the House is on the need to continue this important—indeed, decisive—level of contribution to Ukraine’s fight for freedom?
The previous Defence Secretary never needed any help from me in making his case to Prime Ministers.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the UK has won a position in leading the global donor community, because we have resourced that commitment and have been willing to go through capability thresholds before anybody else, but our position as a leader internationally depends on our continued willingness  to be so.
The previous Secretary of State, the current Secretary of State and indeed the Prime Minister and the Chancellor are all on the same page about the importance of maintaining that UK position.
I completely agree with the comments made and concerns raised by the shadow Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) .
Part of the reason we want the Secretary of State in the Chamber is that we really need to up the game, in convincing the British people why it is essential that we continue our massive ongoing support for Ukraine, and of the importance of defeating Russia.
It is clear that Ukraine needs more resources—equipment, ammunition, armaments and so on—so we need to step up further.
Will the Minister go back to the Secretary of State and his Cabinet colleagues and say that we really do need to put more resources into supporting Ukraine?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we should not take for granted the cross-party and national consensus that has existed on support for Ukraine.
All of us in the House continue to stand in solidarity with the Ukrainian armed forces, and I think we set the tone that the media and the nation follow, but it involves a significant amount of money at a time when everybody else around the Cabinet table will also be seeking resource for their Departments, so we must make that case, as he said.
As far as I can tell, though, the case is a completely compelling one.
What the Ukrainians are doing is standing up to our main adversary—the nation that challenges security in the Euro-Atlantic most profoundly—and it is through our support for them that we are making a clear stand about how we want the Euro-Atlantic to be and, in so doing, reassuring all our NATO allies along NATO’s eastern frontier of our resolve to stand up to Russian aggression with them, under the terms of NATO’s treaties.
I very much welcome my right hon.
Friend’s clarity about how critical it is for the security of the world and the rules-based international order that there is a successful outcome for Ukraine in this conflict.
Will he do everything he can to ensure that the critical longer-range missiles  and air defence systems, which are having a very detrimental effect on the Russian armed forces, continue to get through?
May I add my voice to that of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis) ?
We take it as read that extra money will be announced in the autumn statement—at least as much as before, if not more—to help sustain Ukraine in this dreadful conflict.
I completely agree with my right hon.
Friend about the need to maintain our support for the Ukrainian armed forces.
A number of step-change capabilities will come into Ukrainian hands over the next 12 months or so—most obviously combat air.
While the UK is not an F-16 nation, it is part of the F-16 coalition and does basic pilot training before the aircraft go on to F-16 nations for conversion.
I know that the Prime Minister agrees with all in the House who make the case for the need for us to continue to support Ukraine into the next financial year.
In recent days, there has quite rightly been a lot of interest about the law of armed conflict: a subject about which the Minister knows from his own time serving in the armed forces.
While the conflict in Israel and Gaza has rightly made us reflect on the protection of innocent civilians, in the last couple of years we have seen a war in Ukraine in which Russia has shown little regard for civilians.
What does the Minister understand by the term “proportionality” in the context of the war in Ukraine?
I think that some of the false equivalence that Lavrov and others from the Russian Government have sought to create is deeply misguided.
The point of proportionality is not an eye for an eye or a numerical thing; it is about military necessity to achieve legitimate and proportionate military aims.
It is clear in the way that Putin has prosecuted his war, most obviously in places such as Mariupol as well as in how he has systematically targeted civilian infrastructure, not as part of the initial shaping of a legitimate military operation but as part of a deliberate sustained campaign to terrorise the Ukrainian people, that there is no equivalence between what is happening in Gaza at the moment and what has been happening in Ukraine.
We must stand up every time that Lavrov or his cronies try to make the opposing point, and be clear on the difference in international humanitarian law.
It cannot be extraordinary that on the same day the Russians assaulted Avdiivka, Iranian-backed Hamas decided to commit their murderous assault on Israel.
We cannot fight Hamas, but we can do so much more to crush their Russian allies.
It is important that I do not suggest that we have any evidence that somehow the Kremlin and Hamas were co-ordinating in the awful events that happened two Saturdays ago.
What we have seen is that the Kremlin is incredibly effective at spotting opportunities presented to it that would further subvert and destabilise.
We have seen that in coups across western Africa and in how Putin quickly moved to contribute to a challenging narrative to the west over what happened in Israel two Saturdays ago.
I know it is difficult to get exact numbers, but the calculations so far of wounded Ukrainian troops are anything between 100,000 and 120,000, as well as about 18,000 civilians.
What support is being provided to Ukraine’s health services to help them cope with the wounded and injured?
What support is being given with regard to specialist service link-ups between the UK and Ukraine, also to provide the best support that we can?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that there are significant casualties on the Ukrainian side, though it is important to note that they are less than those suffered on the Russian side.
Those are both military and civilian.
On the military side, there is a coalition of nations, just as there is with all other types of capability to provide military aid.
There are UK medics based in Lviv as part of that.
When I was Rzeszów in Poland just two weeks ago, my plane pulled up alongside a Swedish air force plane that was about to evacuate Ukrainian troops back to Sweden.
In addition, the UK is rehabilitating some troops injured on the Ukrainian side to our rehabilitation facilities here.
In addition to that, as part of the wider support that the UK Government provide to Ukraine, we are of course always looking for opportunities to support the wider humanitarian and civilian medical services, too.
May I return to stockpiles and supply chains?
The Minister is right that the UK has provided a great deal of matériel, but we need a steady supply of orders to restock our own cupboards and to supply the Ukrainians.
Will he outline what he is doing to make sure that we have supply chain resilience?
Could he reassure me that he will keep a laser-like focus on the logistics capacity needed to get kit from here to there?
My hon.
Friend is right on both counts.
First, the industrial capacity needs to be re-established not just to replenish our supply chain, which is an important point.
The Department is not seeking simply to make a single order to replace whatever has been gifted to the Ukrainians.
Instead, we are looking to create orders that run on and on so that the industrial capacity can be maintained.
Those contracts are being placed as the industrial capacity comes online.
In the meantime, other contracts are being placed that allow more like-for-like replacement from stockpiles elsewhere in the world.
He is right that having all the industrial capacity and the fighting echelon works only if we have the logistic enablers to match it all up.
We are making investment in that, as was set out in the defence Command Paper refresh.
We must not forget Ukraine and we must continue to stand with Ukraine, but the war efforts there rely on a strong supply chain here in the UK.
A crucial part of that supply chain are the GMB members at Defence Equipment and Support, who assemble and transport missiles to the frontline, but they have had to take weeks of industrial action over unfair pay.
Ukrainian politicians and trade unions have urged a resolution to the dispute, because they know how valuable those workers are.
Will the Minister join me in doing the same?
I am unfamiliar with the issue of which the hon.
Lady speaks and I would not want to comment on the fly.
Clearly, those who work within our excellent defence industry do very important work.
In my experience, many of them see themselves as contributing to a national endeavour and are motivated by patriotism every bit as much as by money.
I hope that they will continue to work as hard as they have so that we can support our own armed forces as well as those of Ukraine.
Given that precision, remotely piloted and autonomous weapon systems, not to mention close air support, could be decisive to an attritional land campaign, will the Minister please update the House on the delivery of air power to Ukraine?
In response to an earlier question, I mentioned the F-16 coalition, which is a combination of both gifting the jets and munitions and pilot training.
I have nothing to add beyond what I said earlier, other than that it is expected that those capabilities will arrive with the Ukrainians within the next 12 months.
Clearly, everyone is working as quickly as possible.
If the news is to be believed this morning, we are about to see another German U-turn—this time on providing Taurus missiles—just as we saw a U-turn on Leopards and the F-16s.
Indeed, right across the Ukraine contact group, we keep seeing the same pattern of countries dragging their heels on a certain capability, only to finally give in.
Admittedly, that does not include the Minister and the Government, but why does it keep happening in the contact group?
Will he say a bit more about how the training of F-16 pilots is going?
I am minded to be much more charitable to nations who have again and again challenged themselves to go through a capability threshold—often one that the UK has demonstrably gone through first.
If we consider the position that the Germans have traditionally taken and where they are now post-Zeitenwende, the level of gifting that they are providing is extraordinary.
It would be invidious of me to be in any way critical; in fact, I will go the other way and say how full of admiration I am for the way that German policy has shifted so completely over the last two years.
They say that infantry wins battles but logistics wins wars.
With western stockpiles diminished, what conversations has the Minister had with the defence sector about supporting Ukraine to produce its own munitions?
As keener followers of defence affairs will have spotted, the chief executive of BAE Systems was in Kyiv at the back end of the summer.
BAE has already announced its intention to manufacture in Ukraine.
Clearly, the British Government support that.
We will look at how the wider UK industry can not only support the UK MOD’s support for Ukraine but increasingly manufacture directly in support of the Ukrainians.
Due to Putin’s illegal invasion of a sovereign neighbouring nation, Ukraine is now the most heavily mined country on earth, leading to countless deaths of innocent civilians.
As the Ukrainians continue making progress with their counter-offensive, what steps is the Defence Minister taking to significantly expand our support in providing mine-clearing equipment to Ukraine?
With the exception of the northern Kharkiv oblast, which was recovered at some pace last autumn, I am not sure that the frontline has moved anywhere near enough to start to talk about a civilian de-mining effort in the defensive belts that have been laid over the last year or so.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman’s gesticulation seems to be suggesting that the progress made over the last four or five months is such that the 30 km defensive belt that was well-seeded with mines by the Russians is still very much within artillery range and a part of the defensive action by Ukraine.
He is absolutely right, however, that the use of mines—even anti-armour mines, not just anti-personnel mines—is an appalling reality of modern warfare.
There must be some urgency in clearing up the battlefield thereafter, but I gently suggest that the military facts do not lend themselves to any such effort right now.
With the world rightly focusing on the middle east, I welcome this question as an opportunity to show our solidarity with Ukraine once again.
I welcome Labour Front Benchers likening Hamas and Putin as barbaric bedfellows in trying to annihilate neighbouring democracies.
At the recent NATO Parliamentary Assembly summit, we had a briefing from Colonel Maksym Suprun, commander of the 66th mechanised brigade of the Ukrainian armed forces.
He talked about the urgent need for more anti-tank weaponry, unmanned aerial systems, electronic warfare capability and, of course, ammunition.
How is the Minister making sure that we can deliver the munitions and military capabilities that the Ukrainian armed forces need on the frontline to so bravely defend their democracy?
For more than two years, the UK MOD, alongside the US Department of Defence, has had an incredibly strong relationship with the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence.
Those political and military relationships and the connections between our defence procurement agencies allow us to have a close understanding of the Ukrainian requirement for the fight not just right now but in six months’ time.
We will continue to maintain those relationships.
We will continue to invest in the resources that are needed.
Quite obviously, we are guided by what the Ukrainians need to stay in the fight tonight and tomorrow and, eventually, to prevail.
Everything that we set out to procure on their behalf is with those plans in mind.
We all stand with Ukraine, but there is considerable concern about the likely length of the war.
Earlier this month, I attended the Pentlands Ukrainian support group for the Ukrainian refugees in Edinburgh South West, which is supported by the Currie Balerno rotary club in my constituency.
Many of the women there asked me what will become of them if the war continues and their three-year visas are up.
Has the Minister had any discussions with the Home Office about the need to extend humanitarian visas to Ukrainians or to look at giving them indefinite leave to remain?
Those are not conversations I have had, but since the hon.
and learned Lady mentions them
I will undertake to have them.
First, I commend her local rotary club for leading the support of the Ukrainian community in her constituency.
It is really uncomfortable that, while all I want to say to her constituents and the Ukrainians living in my constituency is, “Don’t worry, this will be over soon; you’ll be home soon,” the reality is that it will probably take a while longer yet.
It is important that when we stand up in this House, we show Putin our resolve to support the Ukrainians for as long as it takes, with whatever it takes, even if that takes years, because Putin must not think the west will lose patience.
Depriving Russia of the revenue from oil sales is a central platform of the west’s response to its invasion of Ukraine.
Twelve months ago, significant efforts were made which had a significant effect.
However, at the NATO Parliamentary Assembly a few weeks ago, we heard evidence that all the blockades have now been circumvented and that Russia’s oil revenue has increased.
What action is my right hon.
Friend taking to work with international allies to see what else can be done in this dynamic environment?
Clearly, it is a cause of enormous concern when international sanctions regimes are not working as intended.
If I may, I will follow up with my right hon.
Friend and his colleagues in the Parliamentary Assembly to understand exactly what it was that they heard.
I will then speak to colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office about it, and perhaps write to him and his Parliamentary Assembly colleagues with a Government response.
At the end of last month, the Defence Secretary suggested that the UK training of Ukrainian troops could be moved in-country into Ukraine.
He also suggested that there might be a possibility of UK warships on the Black sea.
Can the Minister say whether those plans still stand?
I heard a slightly different statement, and one that I think is self-evidently true.
In a post-war Ukraine, the UK will absolutely seek to demonstrably support Ukrainian security on land, at sea and in the air, but obviously that is not something that we would do while a conflict is still live, for very obvious reasons.