The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to support peace and democracy in Sudan.
Britain continues to advocate a return to a civilian-led Government in Sudan and improved humanitarian access.
We have vigorously condemned the atrocities taking place in Darfur, as well as the other regions of Sudan.
Labour stands in solidarity with the people of Sudan, who want only peace, justice and democracy, and who reject the generals’ war.
What are the Government doing to support civilian organisations, including the Sudanese community here in the UK, to build unity in opposition to the conflict and military rule?
It is not just Labour that stands in solidarity, but the whole House and the whole country.
In respect of the civilian leadership, I spoke last Friday to Abdalla Hamdok, the civilian political leader.
He and many of his colleagues will meet in Addis Ababa this week.
We very much hope that those meetings will yield some progress.
The all-party parliamentary group on Sudan and South Sudan has heard how people in Darfur still face daily bombings, killing, rape, pillage and torture.
Members of the Darfur community here are deeply worried about the ethnic cleansing.
What is happening to try to reduce the flow of weapons and to get urgent humanitarian aid to the 24 million people who desperately need it?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right.
We have recently contributed £600,000 to open-source investigative reporting to verify and preserve information on attacks on civilians and breaches of international humanitarian law.
As she will know, we are providing £22 million of support for Sudan—£5 million was announced recently to help people who have gone across the border into Chad and South Sudan.
She will also know that something like 19 humanitarian workers have been murdered, but we are doing everything we can to try to get aid and help in.
What recent discussions he has had with the Government of Israel on the situation in Gaza.
What recent discussions he has had with representatives of the Palestinian Authority on a two-state solution.
What recent reports he has received on the situation in Israel and Palestine.
Whether he has had discussions with his Israeli counterpart on the (a) compatibility with international law and (b) proportionality of Israel’s response in Gaza to the attacks by Hamas.
What recent discussions he has had with the Government of Israel on the situation in Gaza.
What steps his Department is taking with international partners in the middle east in response to the situation in Gaza and Israel.
Since Hamas’s brutal terror attacks on  7 October , my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister and I have visited the region and have spoken and met extensively with counterparts totalling almost 20 countries, as part of our extensive diplomatic efforts to prevent escalation, to sustain the prospect of regional peace and to secure the free movement home of British nationals in Gaza and the release of hostages.
It has been reported that the Palestinian Authority is to pay up to $3 million a month in so-called martyr salaries to the families of dead and captured Hamas terrorists.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning those payments to rapists, torturers and murderers, some of whom have killed Brits?
Will he use his good offices to ensure that no British aid money has gone towards this filthy practice?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we always ensure that UK aid money is protected from misappropriation.
I can confirm to him and the House that no British aid money goes directly to the Palestinian Authority.
We have raised this issue with the Palestinian  Authority and highlighted our belief that it is not conducive to good relations and a future two-state solution.
What are the prospects of a two-state solution, given the pace of Israeli settlements on the west bank?
The Government’s long-standing position is that we oppose settlement expansion, for the reasons I have highlighted extensively in the conversations that I have had with the Israeli Government and the leadership of countries in the region.
Despite the terrible circumstances we are experiencing, there is a renewed desire for a meaningful resolution that means that the terrible images that we saw on  7 October  will never be repeated.
Close to 1,000 constituents have contacted me, deeply concerned about the situation in Gaza, the humanitarian crisis that is unfolding and the need for a ceasefire.
Nearly 5,000 people have died in Gaza, including 1,700 children.
While the whole House rightly condemned the Hamas atrocities, we must be unequivocal in our condemnation of violations of international law.
Will the Foreign Secretary set out in what circumstances he believes it is legal for Israel to cut off water, fuel, food and electricity in Gaza?
There is always much debate in this House about the interpretation of international humanitarian law.
I have raised directly with my Israeli counterparts the need, in whatever actions they take to secure their protection, defend Israeli citizens and secure the release of hostages, for them to act in accordance with international law.
I have received assurances from the Israeli President to that effect.
There have been countless reiterations from the Israeli authorities, including in a joint speech with the Prime Minister last week, that they are taking precautions to avoid civilian casualties.
However, more than 4,650 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza in the last 16 days.
Palestinian lives matter, so what more action, other than just repeating promises about civilian protection, is the Foreign Secretary’s Department taking meaningfully to ensure that innocent Palestinians are kept safe?
I am on record mourning the Palestinian lives that have been lost in this conflict, just as we mourn, and I mourn, the loss of Israeli lives in this terrible situation.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the UK Government take the loss of life, from whichever community, incredibly seriously.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman and the House that Hamas routinely and consciously put civilians in harm’s way, specifically to generate fatalities that they then use as part of their media operations.
We are conscious of that and the Israeli armed forces are conscious of that—that is why, they explained to me, they have given notice of future areas of military operation.
We have seen evidence that Hamas are routinely preventing Palestinians from leaving areas that are going to be engaged by the Israeli Defence Forces.
In contrast to the last two questions from the Opposition Benches, I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and our Prime Minister  for their important recent visits to our ally Israel.
The Government’s unequivocal message that Israel has the right and must be able to defend itself against the Hamas terrorist group is right and just.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to support Israel in its efforts to secure the release of the 200-plus captives still held in Gaza, including any British citizens?
Can the Secretary of State ensure that they receive immediate assistance from the international Red Cross?
My hon.
Friend reminds the House that the Government remain focused on the protection of British nationals in Israel, the west bank and, of course, Gaza.
It would be inappropriate for me to go into detail, but I can assure him and the House that we speak with all parties who we believe could have influence on those holding hostages: Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and others.
It is incredibly difficult.
We do not have direct lines of communications, but we will not rest—we will not rest—in trying to secure the release of hostages and the evacuation of British nationals from Gaza.
I am clear that the international community, backed by the UN, must now work together to dial down the rhetoric, open humanitarian corridors, encourage restraint and protect life.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit the UK to expanding the Abraham accords as a priority, which will not only bring strategic partners to the table but may offer a future peace between Israel and Palestine?
I have said regularly how much I value the Abraham accords.
The improving of relationships between Israel and the Arab nations in its near neighbourhood is an extremely positive step.
There is a realistic belief that part of the aim of the attack of  7 October  was to derail future normalisation and negotiations.
Again, I think that highlights the fact that Hamas are not a friend to the Palestinian people.
They are not trying to improve relationships between Israel and the Arab world.
They brought down the Oslo agreements, and they have consistently blocked all attempts to normalise relationships between Israel and the wider Arab world.
We must not let them win in that endeavour, and we must work to bring peace between the Palestinian people and the Israelis.