The Secretary of State was in Washington last week.
Indeed, his meeting was the third he has had with Secretary Austin since he was appointed.
Within the Executive, there is absolutely no change in approach whatsoever.
Furthermore, although what we see in the news might suggest that there is a growing impatience or a lack of resolve in Congress, that is definitely not what we are hearing in our engagements with colleagues in Congress.
America has a very strong sense of what its role in the world is and what this moment of challenge is.
Despite whatever domestic politics may or may not be playing out, the resolve of Congress to stand firm on the side of freedom is as strong as it has always been.
Earlier, the Minister highlighted developments in the Black sea.
Clearly, they are so important for grain and feeding the world.
Will he update the House on the Government’s position on the Black sea grain initiative and how we can ensure that grain is getting out to feed the world?
The Government continue to be affronted by the idea that grain to feed the world should be traded as part of some deal.
The Turks have shown admirable leadership in seeking to facilitate the movement of grain out of the Black sea and the UK continues to support those initiatives.
If I may, I will write to my hon.
Friend with a more fulsome response on the Black sea grain initiative specifically.
I recently met Ukrainian refugees in my constituency and they are really worried about the war lasting a lot longer than was originally anticipated.
What they really want is the security to know that they can remain safe here in the UK for as long as this appalling war continues, past  31 December 2024 .
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with the Home Office about ensuring that Ukrainian refugees can continue to remain here in safety for as long as they need to?
The hon.
Lady might have been momentarily distracted, but that exact same question came up 10 minutes or so ago.
I will add her name to  that of  the hon.
and learned Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry)  in my conversations with Home Office Ministers.
Providing matériel support and logistical cover is crucial to pushing back the Russian aggression in Ukraine, but so is a strong sanctions regime.
Earlier today, a worrying report surfaced stating that while the UK has banned Russian copper, aluminium and nickel, the EU has not done the same, as it deems them to be critical minerals.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what the Government are doing to ensure that we present a united front in our battle against Russia?
When it comes to EU sanctions on Russian critical minerals, my hon.
Friend has exposed a significant flaw in my knowledge.
I will need to write to him.
As co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine, I would like to thank the shadow Secretary of State for Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , for calling this urgent question and the Minister for his update.
The Minister spoke about the new and particularly important phase of the war regarding the Black sea and Crimea.
Ukraine will not be free until every Russian soldier has left Crimea.
The Ministry of Defence has trained Sea King pilots and, I understand, delivered three Sea Kings, but they are for search and rescue.
What naval aid is the UK supplying to Ukraine for this next vital phase of the war?
The UK has provided a number of capabilities that have been used by the Ukrainians in their effort in the Black sea.
None of those is explicitly naval, but the challenge with the Montreux convention is that, for example, the two minesweepers the Royal Navy has transferred to the nascent Ukrainian navy cannot enter the Black sea while the convention is in place.
That, of course, constrains our ability to generate a genuine naval capability until the convention is lifted.
When Putin launched his attack on Ukraine, he not only expected to conquer a neighbouring democracy but to split the international community.
Instead, he united it because people cannot remain neutral when they see that type of behaviour.
The biggest rebuff to him would be a strengthened and enlarged NATO, so what conversations is the Minister having, in particular with his Turkish and Hungarian counterparts, on ensuring that the ratification of Sweden’s membership proceeds forthwith?
It remains our firm expectation that Sweden will accede to NATO, and we continue to press all allies to ensure that that happens sooner rather than later.
It is also of note—there has been a great deal of discussion about this in the Swedish media—that it is increasingly in Putin’s interests to style out some of the activities that have been happening in Sweden precisely to affront the sensibilities of some other NATO allies.
It is important for all our eyes to be open to that possibility.
That concludes proceedings on the urgent question.
I will now pause for a moment to allow a change of dramatis personae before the statement.