Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Lieutenant Colonel Elza Perry, Jr., a true American hero who served in the United States Air Force, who recently passed away at age 90.
Before his military service, Lt. Col. Elza Perry, Jr. was born in Gorman, Texas as the only child of Elza, Sr, and Myrtle Perry.
Lt. Col. Elza Perry, Jr. demonstrated his aptitude for leadership while a student at De Leon High School, where he was the president of the Class of 1950, valedictorian, and captain of the football team.
After graduating from De Leon High School, he went on to earn his Bachelor's degree from North Texas State College and an MBA from Michigan State University.
Lt. Col. Elza Perry, Jr. distinguished himself as a 22-year Airman, obtaining the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and serving in Germany, Okinawa, Vietnam, Taiwan, Florida, California, and five years at the Pentagon.
During his military service in the Air Force, he served honorably in various positions, such as weapons director, commander, inspector, and instructor.
In Vietnam, Lt. Col. Elza Perry, Jr. served as a battle commander at an aircraft control center near Danang and stayed in the country until January 27, 1973.
His honorable leadership earned him the Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, and the Air Force Commendation Medal.
After retiring from the Air Force at Norton Air Force Base, Lt. Col. Elza Perry, Jr. decided to remain in Southern California and dedicated himself to his work as the Director of Vehicle Services and Assistant County Administrator.
He later retired in 1991 and lived in Redlands, California for many years before settling in Calimesa, California in 1998.
As a retired veteran, Elza spent the remainder of his life with his wife Bonnie in a retirement community in Calimesa where he continued showing his leadership through acts of service for his friends and neighbors.
He enjoyed taking exercise classes and was an avid fan of the L.A. Dodgers and Angels.
Lt. Col. Perry, Jr. is survived by his wife of 34 years, Bonnie; two stepsons, Captain Robert Perry, USN (Ret.) and Ralph Perry; two daughters, Reverend Karin Kaye and Barbara Perry; two stepdaughters, Susan Reidel and Jackie Filbeck; and eight grandchildren and six greatgrandchildren.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and commemorating the life, legacy, and service of Lieutenant Colonel Elza Perry, Jr.