9 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Financial Stability Oversight Council Annual Report to Congress.
SD-538 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the administration's pause on liquefied natural gas (LNG) export approvals and the Department of Energy's process for assessing LNG export applications.
SD-366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Dafna Hochman Rand, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.
SD-419 10 a.m.
Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine Artificial Intelligence and Health Care, focusing on promise and pitfalls.
SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs.
SD-430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Ann Marie McIff Allen, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Susan M. Bazis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Ernest Gonzalez, and Leon Schydlower, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Kelly Harrison Rankin, to be United States District Judge for the District of Wyoming, and Robin Michelle Meriweather, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2385, to provide access to reliable, clean, and drinkable water on Tribal lands, S. 2868, to accept the request to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Lower Sioux Indian Community in the State of Minnesota at the request of that Community, S. 3022, to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow Indian Health Service scholarship and loan recipients to fulfill service obligations through half-time clinical practice, S. 2796, to provide for the equitable settlement of certain Indian land disputes regarding land in Illinois, and S. 3230, to transfer administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal lands from the Army Corps of Engineers to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to take such lands into trust for the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska.
SD-628