If enacted, this would be the lowest funding level for our

diplomacy and development toolbox in a generation at a time

when America is facing the greatest threats since the Cold

War . . .''
The American Jewish Committee stated the following

(excerpt):

American Jewish Committee

``We are concerned by drastic cuts to the proposed FY24

State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS)

appropriations bill.
At just 1% of the federal budget, the

international affairs budget is a strategic investment that

advances America's interests around the world.
Strong,

principled American leadership in global affairs is the best

protection for our national security interests, the

preservation and advancement of democratic values and human

dignity, and the security of our closest allies.''
InterAction released the following statement (excerpt):

InterAction

``The proposed inadequate funding levels will forcefully

cut short life-saving programs and weaken the United States'

position as a global leader.
The lack of investment compels

nations, including American allies, to seek alternative

solutions, accumulate more debt, or worse, go without life-

saving support.
As a result, the most vulnerable people will

face heightened risks, leading to a more unstable world and

diminishing the influence of America.''
The ONE Campaign released the following statement

(excerpt):

President of The ONE Campaign Tom Hart

``Foreign assistance, especially development funding, is an

incredibly important tool to advance America's foreign

policy, national security, and economic priorities.
It is not

a handout--it is a strategic investment that can lift

millions out of poverty, turn the tide against deadly

diseases, strengthen our economy, and make America safer.
These shortsighted cuts will have long-term consequences,

jeopardize our investments, and hurt the American taxpayer.''
The Christian Connections for International Health released

the following statement (excerpt):

Christian Connections for International Health

``Christian Connections for International Health (CCIH) is

alarmed and extremely disappointed that the House

Appropriations Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations

is proposing to drastically reduce funding to life-saving

programs.
We believe this abandons the U.S. leadership role

on the global stage and undermines decades of progress toward

sustainable health.''
CARE USA released the following statement (excerpt):

CARE

``CARE is deeply disturbed by the House Subcommittee-passed

version of the FY24 State and Foreign Operations

Appropriations (SFOPS) bill.
This legislation would gut the

foreign assistance allocation by over 30% at a time when the

U.S. presence in the world is vital, we have the worst global

hunger crisis in decades, and record levels of mass

migration.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HIGHLIGHTING THE HISTORY OF INDIAN BOARDING SCHOOL POLICIES

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud member of

the Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin.
I believe a big part of my role as a

Native woman in Congress is to simply educate my colleagues about our

federal governments' relationship and responsibilities to tribes.
That includes the hard histories between the federal government and

our Tribal communities--things that can be difficult to face.
It would

be difficult to find a Native person that has not had the Indian

boarding school era impact their families or community.
It is estimated that by 1926, nearly 83 percent of Native children

were enrolled in one of at least 367 currently known Indian boarding

schools across 30 states.
Thousands of our children were torn or

coerced from families and communities by the federal government or

religious entities to be ``assimilated'' into American society.
Students at Indian boarding schools were forced to change their

entire sense of being with new names, hair, language, and culture.
During these assimilation practices, many were not able to see their

family or speak their language, and even experienced verbal and sexual

abuse.
There are so many stories of children that never returned home.
Future artists, doctors, language keepers, storytellers, and leaders

skipped generations.
We still feel those impacts today.