Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Courts Home Rule Act.
This bill would give the Council of the District

local D.C. courts.
The D.C. Home Rule Act (HRA) expressly prohibits the

Council from enacting any law with respect to any title 11 of the D.C.

Code, which relates to the jurisdiction and organization of the local

D.C. courts.
Congress can correct this injustice to D.C. residents, who

pay all federal taxes, by amending the HRA, even before D.C. becomes

the 51st state.
Fifty years after passage of the HRA, matters involving the local

D.C. courts almost never come to Congress, so Congress knows virtually

nothing about D.C.'s local courts--and could not care less.
Notwithstanding the importance of D.C.'s local courts to D.C.

residents, the Council, which is the repository of knowledge and

experience for D.C.'s criminal and civil justice systems and the body

accountable to D.C. residents, is irresponsibly left on the sidelines

while Congress remains the sole entity that may correct flaws in D.C.'s

local courts.
Under the HRA, the Council has no authority to ``enact any act,

resolution, or rule with respect to any provision of title 11 of the

District of Columbia Code (relating to organization and jurisdiction of

the District of Columbia courts).''
Matters in title 11 primarily

relate to the rules of criminal and civil procedure, court

administration, the branches of the courts, the rules of jury service

and admission to the bar.
This bill would strike this limitation on the

Council's authority.
D.C. has never had authority over its local courts, even when it was

responsible for paying for their operations.
Under the National Capital

Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, the federal

government assumed the costs for several state-level functions,

including the courts.
This bill would not change the courts' funding.
This bill also would not change the authority of the President to

nominate, or the Senate to confirm, local D.C. judges, which has been

within their purview since the creation of the modern local court

system in 1970.
This bill is an important step to increase democratic self-government

for D.C. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
TOM COLE

Mr. COLE.
Mr. Speaker, I voted in favor of Roll Call No.
507, H.R.

4368, the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration,

and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2024, in order for the

appropriations process to move forward.
However, I do have some

concerns about certain provisions and cuts in the underlying bill.
Watershed programs, rural energy and broadband grants, and water and

wastewater projects are just a few programs that are of vital

importance to my district and need adequate funding.
As the

appropriations process continues, I look forward to working with my

colleagues to ensure the needs of rural America are met.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL PLASMA AWARENESS WEEK

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and support

International Plasma Awareness Week (IPAW), October 2-6, both in the

United States and around the world.
Patients across the globe rely on

medicines made from donated human plasma to lead productive, healthy

lives.
The need for plasma donation is ongoing--plasma is the starting

ingredient for numerous lifesaving therapies to treat individuals

living with rare diseases.
This week, patients, plasma donors, and

plasma donation centers will join together to raise global awareness of

the crucial need for plasma, recognize the contributions of plasma

donors, and call attention to the many rare diseases treated with

plasma protein therapies.
Donors and patients alike will observe IPAW through a range of events

seeking to enhance awareness of plasma-derived therapies and

recombinant analogs, collectively known as plasma protein therapies.
These are unique biologic medicines that are either infused or injected

to treat a variety of rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic

diseases.