There are so many stories of children that never returned home.
Future artists, doctors, language keepers, storytellers, and leaders

skipped generations.
We still feel those impacts today.
The federal government and our country must do better to acknowledge

its legacy and understand the full truth of these policies.
This Congress, I'm working with Congressional Native American Caucus

Co-chair Tom Cole on the Truth and Healing Commission on Indian

Boarding School Policies in the United States Act.
This legislation

seeks healing for stolen Native children and their communities.
Originally introduced by now-Secretary Deb Haaland, this bill would

establish a formal commission to investigate, document, and acknowledge

past injustices of the federal government's Indian Boarding School

Policies.
This commission is a critical step to allow Native families

and communities to begin to heal.
Representative Cole and I are in the process and narrowing down the

legislative text and hope to introduce the bill again soon.
It received

bipartisan support in the past, which shows that our relatives are

being seen.
And both the House and the Senate held hearings on the bill

last Congress, which shows our colleagues are ready to listen.
The importance of fully understanding the impacts of Indian boarding

school policies in the United States transcends political lines.
And I

know that sharing these experiences and learning the truth is a brave

and sometimes hard thing to do.
We hope that in this difficult process, Tribal communities will also

support each other physically, mentally, and spiritually.
I will

continue to amplify the voices of Indian Country in the halls of

Congress and encourage my colleagues to join me in that mission.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

RESIDENCY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Commission of Fine

Arts District of Columbia Residency Act.
This bill would require that a

majority of the members of the Commission of Fine Arts (CFA) be

District of Columbia residents.
Under federal law and presidential executive orders (EOs), the CFA

has review authority for federal property in D.C., certain military

property, certain coins and medals, D.C.-owned parks and buildings and

certain private land in D.C. Under the relevant EOs, CFA has review

authority for the design of D.C.-owned parks and buildings.
Under the

Shipstead-Luce Act, CFA has review authority for the design of private

buildings in D.C. ``adjacent to public buildings and grounds of major

importance,'' such as Rock Creek Park and the Potomac riverfront.
Under

the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA has review authority for the design of

private buildings in the part of Georgetown referred to as ``Old

Georgetown'' in the act.
Residency requirements for certain government positions are found in

federal, state and D.C. law, including for members of the National

Capital Planning Commission.
The primary reason such laws exist is so

that government officials have a connection to the residents they serve

and in-depth knowledge of the unique issues and challenges faced by

residents.
I have also introduced the Commission of Fine Arts District of

Columbia Home Rule Act, which would remove the authority of the CFA

over non-federal real property in D.C. However, while the CFA maintains

that authority, a majority of the members should be D.C. residents.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Courts Home Rule Act.
This bill would give the Council of the District

local D.C. courts.
The D.C. Home Rule Act (HRA) expressly prohibits the

Council from enacting any law with respect to any title 11 of the D.C.

Code, which relates to the jurisdiction and organization of the local

D.C. courts.