Title: DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
161

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS

APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024

speech of

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Chair, I rise today to include in the Record the

following quotes from numerous non-profit, faith-based, and advocacy

organizations expressing their national security concerns with the

House Republicans' 2024 State and Foreign Operations spending plans:

The Global Health Council, together with 70+ additional

organizations, stated the following:

Global Health Council and 70+ Organizations

``As a community of global health and development

advocates, we are deeply concerned with the steep cuts being

proposed to the House State and Foreign Operations and

Related Programs (SFOPS) budget at a time when the world is

facing concurrent destabilizing events, such as the recovery

from the COVID-19 pandemic, further instability and food

insecurity caused by the war in Ukraine, and the continuous

threat of emerging infectious diseases.
The Fiscal Year (FY) 2024 budget being proposed by the

House Appropriations SFOPS Subcommittee falls woefully short

and severely undercuts critical global health and

humanitarian assistance programs, which are a key component

of how the U.S. engages with the world.
According to the U.S.

Agency for International Development, these cuts would

reverse gains made to combat infectious diseases, including

through the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief

(PEPFAR), programs to prevent maternal and childhood deaths,

and funds to support health workers and global health

security.
This bill is a dangerous signal to the rest of the world

that the U.S. is ceding leadership on the global stage . .
.''
The Catholic Relief Services released the following

statement (excerpt):

Catholic Relief Services Executive Vice President Bill

O'Keefe

``Recognizing we are a blessed nation, strong bipartisan

majorities have long supported humanitarian and development

aid that has saved millions of lives, contributed to greater

stability and rolled back global health threats, such as HIV.
The House's current proposal is a departure from this legacy

and threatens the lives of many around the world as well as

our national security.''
The United States Global Leadership Coalition (USGLC)

released the following statements:

Former Secretary of Defense Dr. Mark T. Esper

``America's leadership in the world cannot be left to

doubt.
When we don't lead, we create a vacuum that will be

filled instead by China, which has only increased its

spending on defense, diplomacy, and development.
America's

leadership means more than just military capability;

diplomacy and foreign assistance are part of it too.
This

proposed budget would upend that relationship by gutting our

civilian toolkit and depriving America of the diplomatic

leadership whose benefits I have seen last a lifetime.''
Admiral James Stavridis

``Senior military leaders have seen first-hand around the

world the risks of instability to national security, and we

know that responding to these threats requires more than just

a strong military.
Significant cuts to our nation's civilian

national security toolkit in the International Affairs Budget

would chart a dangerous course for the United States at this

pivotal moment.''
USGLC President and CEO Liz Schrayer

``Cutting nearly one-third of America's footprint in the

world would be dangerous to our national security and

economic interests--undermining America's ability to compete

and win on the global stage while ceding influence to China.
If enacted, this would be the lowest funding level for our

diplomacy and development toolbox in a generation at a time

when America is facing the greatest threats since the Cold

War . . .''
The American Jewish Committee stated the following

(excerpt):

American Jewish Committee

``We are concerned by drastic cuts to the proposed FY24

State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS)

appropriations bill.
At just 1% of the federal budget, the

international affairs budget is a strategic investment that

advances America's interests around the world.