This week, patients, plasma donors, and

plasma donation centers will join together to raise global awareness of

the crucial need for plasma, recognize the contributions of plasma

donors, and call attention to the many rare diseases treated with

plasma protein therapies.
Donors and patients alike will observe IPAW through a range of events

seeking to enhance awareness of plasma-derived therapies and

recombinant analogs, collectively known as plasma protein therapies.
These are unique biologic medicines that are either infused or injected

to treat a variety of rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic

diseases.
This includes bleeding disorders, hereditary angioedema,

immune deficiencies, pulmonary disorders, neurological disorders, and

infectious diseases such as tetanus, hepatitis, and rabies.
Plasma protein therapies have significantly improved the quality of

life, markedly improved patient outcomes, and extended the life

expectancy of patients across the country.
Healthy, committed donors

provide the human plasma essential to manufacture these lifesaving

therapies.
There are now over 1,100 plasma collection centers in the

U.S. that have demonstrated their commitment to donor safety and

quality by earning International Quality Plasma Program (IQPP)

certification.
As the co-chair of the Rare Disease Congressional Caucus.
I

understand that hundreds of thousands of Americans with rare diseases

rely on plasma protein therapies that are only available because of the

commitment of dedicated plasma donors.
For example, Americans living

with primary immunodeficiencies (PI) require intravenous immunoglobulin

(IVIG) treatments derived from plasma donors.
Without timely care, even

the most common infections can present the risk of serious illness or

death for these patients.
That is why I introduced the PI Post Acute

Access Act, which would expand access to IVIG treatment for Medicare

beneficiaries with PI in skilled nursing facilities.
I have long

advocated to ensure access to IVIG treatments, and I will continue to

fight to ensure all Americans, including rare disease patients, have

access to the innovative treatments they need.
rise in commemoration of International Plasma Awareness Week, honoring

those committed donors and donation centers that make and collect

needed and lifesaving contributions.