Mr. McCARTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my friend and colleague, Congressman David Valadao, to recognize President Lynette Zelezny on her retirement today as President of California State University, Bakersfield.
Over the course of her 35-year career in the education field, President Zelezny has inspired students, professors, and administrators through her passion for improving the academic success of our next generation, especially within the California State University system.
President Zelezny's career with the California State University system started in 1974 with her enrollment in Humboldt State University, where she earned her Bachelor's Degree in Psychology in 1979 and her Master's Degree in Psychology in 1981.
Following her completion of a Doctorate in Social Psychology at Claremont Graduate University and an MBA from the Craig School of Business at California State University, Fresno, President Zelezny stayed at Fresno State, serving in a variety of educational and leadership roles.
Most notably, President Zelezny served as Chief Academic Officer, Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs at Fresno State.
In 2018, President Zelezny made history when she became the first female President of California State University, Bakersfield.
Over the past five years, under President Zelezny's leadership, California State University, Bakersfield has successfully navigated new challenges and achieved several important milestones.
She not only led the university through the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic but did so with an unwavering commitment to the well-being of students and faculty.
One of President Zelezny's top achievements has been developing CSUB's California Energy Research Center into a robust hub for energy research throughout the Central Valley.
As Kern County gains and sustains ever more national importance as a hub for energy production, future generations in our region will look back on President Zelezny's initiative with great appreciation.
A true champion of Central Valley education, particularly in Bakersfield, President Zelezny's passion for the community has been a driving force behind her efforts.
She recognized the unique challenges and opportunities presented in the region and strengthened the ties between the university and our community.
On behalf of the Central Valley of California, we would like to express our gratitude for President Zelezny's leadership to California State University, Bakersfield and her role in shaping the future careers of countless students.
We would like to congratulate President Zelezny on a well-deserved retirement, a successful career in education, and for her many contributions to our community.