Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate and honor the Rev. Dr. Luke Torian on his 35-year career in ministry.
Dr. Torian has dedicated his life to serving and ministering to others through his work in the church, in the community, and in Virginia's House of Delegates.
A strong believer in the power of education, Dr. Torian graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Winston-Salem State University, followed by a Master of Divinity degree from the School of Theology at Virginia Union University, and finally a Doctor of Ministry degree from the School of Divinity at Howard University.
Throughout his career, Dr. Torian has served in many roles including youth minister, associate pastor, and chaplain.
In 1995, he was installed as Pastor of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries, where he has led a vibrant congregation of more than 4,000 people.
He has been a fixture of the community, providing his congregation with support, kindness, and fellowship.
Dr. Torian has built a church community that ministers to its congregants through Sunday services, Bible studies, social activities, music and arts, scholarship opportunities, and more.
Dr. Torian's outstanding leadership has been recognized by many over the years.
He was awarded the James Floyd Jenkins Pillar of Faith Award by Howard University, a reflection of his dedication to his work and his positive contributions to his community.
As a trusted source of knowledge and service, his impact has extended past Prince William County--first with his appointment to the Virginia Board of Counseling by Virginia Governor Mark Warner, and later with his 2009 election to represent the 52nd District in the Virginia House.
As a Delegate, Dr. Torian has served his constituents faithfully, advocating to improve education and criminal justice policies in the Commonwealth.
In 2020, he was chosen to chair the Virginia House Appropriations Committee--a historic appointment that made him the first African American in Virginia's history to lead the Committee, and a role he will resume in 2024 as he continues his legislative service.
As we look back on his career in the church, Dr. Torian has been a tremendous leader in his community, providing exceptional service and ministry to those in Prince William County and beyond.
I am certain that his next chapter will also be guided by his love for service, love for learning, and his faith.