Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rosland E. Clinton.
Rosland E. Clinton was born on December 31, 1980, to the late Jessie and Estella Clinton in Clarksdale, Mississippi.
She was welcomed by four siblings: Leslie Clinton-Johnson, Peter T. Clinton, J. Aundre Clinton and Alexis Clinton.
She grew up on Lewis Street in Marks, Mississippi.
Rosland attended K-8th grade at Westside Junior High School (currently Quitman County Middle School).
After completing Junior High School in 1995, she attended Quitman County High School (currently Madison S. Palmer High School).
During her time in high school, she received notable honors/accolades such as highest scorer on the Functional Literacy Exam (FLE), Miss Belle in the Belles & Beaus Pageant, Miss Sophomore, Miss Junior, Senior Class President and the 1st Miss Madison S. Palmer High School.
She graduated number 3 in the class of 1999.
Rosland continued her education at Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale, Mississippi.
In May of 2003, she graduated with an associate of arts degree in general business.
Mississippi Valley State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi, was her next stop.
She graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor of science degree in business administration in May 2006.
After years on an educational sabbactical, Rosland enrolled in Kaplan (Purdue) University in 2012 to obtain a master's degree in business administration.
She completed the program with honors in July 2014.
Currently, she is preparing to enroll in an educational specialist program for spring 2024.
Rosland has been employed with the Quitman County School District since joining the team in October 2001.
She has served in multiple roles such as an assistant teacher, library aide, reading teacher, special education teacher, cheer coach, powerlifting coach and assistant principal.
Currently, she is the principal at Quitman County Elementary School.
This is her third year serving as principal.
The school has obtained and sustained a `B' accountability rating.
She believes in building capacity in her students and staff.
Rosland is the mother of two children, De'Marcus Rucker and De'Maya Thompson.
She has one grandson, Aaron Jackson III.
She also has a goddaughter, Paris Riley that she loves like her own.
She often says that her children give her the drive to push harder in spite of the turbulence brought on by life.
Rosland is an active member of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated.
She currently serves as second antibasileus in the Zeta Psi Zeta Chapter Clarksdale.
She stands on the sorority's founding principles: scholarship, service, sisterly love and finer womanhood.
She is a board member for Reclaimed (The Village) in Marks, Mississippi.
She is also a member of Silent Grove MB Church in Marks under the leadership.
Ezra Towner, Jr.
She serves on additional panels that work toward improving humanity and the community.
Life has issued Rosland many trials and tribulations such as losing her dad at a young age, becoming a teen mom, suffering depression/ anxiety, and experiencing rejection.
Her entire outlook on life changed August 5, 2006, when her mother suffered a heart attack and stroke, which caused an internal brain aneurysm.
She began to focus on putting things in order by priority and doing things that made her happy.
She tries to find the positive in every situation.
If people were asked to describe her with three words, they would probably say that she is analytical, supportive, and compassionate.
Her motto is: ``If God is in it, the devil can't do you any harm''.