Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Joseph Brian Hannigan, an active community leader and highly admired public servant who passed away on May 21, 2022, at the age of 76.
Born in New York City in 1945, Brian Hannigan was raised in Wakefield, Rhode Island.
Brian attended South Kingston High School and then went on to Saint Thomas More School in New Hampshire where he developed his gift for writing.
He later went to Saint Louis University (SLU), becoming the President of SLU's Young Democrats and ultimately became Chair of the College Democrats.
In college, Brian served as chair of the Robert F. Kennedy for President club, which launched his career in Democratic political campaigns.
His passion for politics led him to a job as the Scheduling and Advancing Director for the Governor.
Throughout his life, no higher complement could be paid than referring to him as a `great advance man.'
While in Illinois, he met his wife, Judy, on a double date in Chicago.
They threw dance parties, traveled the world, and enjoyed foreign films together.
Eventually, they left Illinois for Washington D.C., and Brian became the Deputy National Finance Director for the Democratic National Convention.
His skills as an advance man with an encyclopedic memory and attention to details served him well in his roles on the advance teams for President Carter's visit to Israel in 1979 and President Clinton's visit to Northern Ireland in 1995.
His career went on to include numerous communications and government relations positions, including his time as Communications Director for the Virginia Baseball Stadium Authority and his time in Governor Mark Warner's administration.
Brian brought the same level of dedication and passion for national politics to his roles in the community.
He served as President of the Dominion Hills Civic Association for over 20 years.
Brian was also a staunch believer in the positive impact of youth sports, as he became the Chairman of the Arlington County Sports Commission, President of the Better Sports Club, and would often drive around Arlington to ensure that his children's teammates could make it to practices and games.
Those who had the pleasure of spending time with Brian know that he lived life to the fullest, whether that was `dancing like no one was watching,' looking for any excuse to go on a road trip, or refusing to pass up any opportunity to bodysurf a wave.
He is loved dearly, and his passion and dedication has left a lasting impact on everyone who knew him.