RICHARD McCORMICK

Mr. McCORMICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Tigran

Gambaryan and celebrate his return home to the United States of the

America, and to his friends and family.
Mr. Gambaryan is an American citizen, a resident of Georgia, and a

dedicated former public servant.
While on a business trip to Nigeria in

February, he was arrested and charged with false accusations of tax

evasion and money laundering.
Tigran was detained in the notorious Kuje

Prison for months, repeatedly denied access to medical care as his

health deteriorated, denied basic due process rights, and otherwise

treated inhumanely.
Despite these severe hardships, Mr. Gambaryan

displayed remarkable resilience and an unwavering determination to

return home.
Finally, on October 23, 2024, Nigeria dropped all fraudulent charges

against Mr. Gambaryan, and he was able to return safely to the United

States.
I want to thank the hard work and dedication of the Department

of State officials for the role they played to bring Mr. Gambaryan

home.
I also want to extend my deepest gratitude to my colleagues on

the House Foreign Affairs Committee for their unwavering support and

advocacy in urging the Nigerian government to secure his release.
Most

importantly, I want to commend Mr. Gambaryan for his courage and for

never losing hope during this tumultuous situation.
It is an honor to represent brave individuals like Tigran Gambaryan

in Congress, and I celebrate his return home to his wife Yuki and their

two young children.
God bless their family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF CINDY AUBREY

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of

Cindy Aubrey from Pikes Peak United Way after ten years of dedicated

service to Colorado's Fifth Congressional District.
The CEO role at

PPUW has been the culmination of a lifetime of service to her hometown.
Cindy is known for her strong work ethic, visionary leadership, and her

loving service of others.
These qualities manifest in numerous

capacities: as a daughter, a sister, a friend, a mentor, or a

colleague.
Cindy's career and impact demonstrate the rare combination

of utilizing her community-minded as well as an individual-focused

approach.
Cindy has exemplified putting her neighbors above herself and

uplifting those around her in every way that she could.
A proud Colorado native, born and raised in Colorado Springs, Cindy

graduated from Mitchell High School.
Cindy then graduated from Colorado

State University where she was and remains a proud CSU Ram.
After

college, Cindy started her media career at Fox 21 before moving to

KOAA, where she led the Creative Services Department and later the News

Department.
In these roles Cindy helped inform and shape our community,

while gaining the respect of the entire community for her outstanding

work.
After developing a heart for the Pikes Peak region in her media

career, Cindy continued the mission of community service by taking on

the role of Chief Communications Officer with the City of Colorado

Springs.
It was here that she served during some of the greatest

challenges in our region's history--the Waldo Canyon and Black Forest

fires.
Working tirelessly with first responders and other city

officials, Cindy provided residents with vital, accurate, timely

information, and did so with empathy and humility.
In some ways as a culmination of her life's mission of community

service up to this point, Cindy took on a new endeavor with Pikes Peak

United Way, first as the Senior Vice President of Marketing, and

eventually, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Under Cindy's

guidance Pikes Peak United Way created new initiatives and partnerships

that expanded the organization's already extensive impact.
This

included celebrating 100 years of Pikes Peak United Way serving the

Pikes Peak region and partnering with many other organizations to

launch the Family Success Center, offering a broad range of services to

empower those in need in our community.