Title: CELEBRATING DETECTIVE EDWIN HUGH; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
183

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DETECTIVE EDWIN HUGH

HON.
NICK LaLOTA

Mr. LaLOTA.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to celebrate Detective Edwin

Hugh of the Suffolk County Police Department, who has been honored with

the 7th Annual U.S. Attorney General's Award for Distinguished Service

in Community Policing.
This prestigious recognition highlights

Detective Hugh's outstanding contributions to community safety and his

unwavering commitment to making Suffolk County a better place to live.
His achievements exemplify the core values of law enforcement:

integrity, dedication, and an unrelenting drive to protect and serve.
Detective Hugh has proven himself to be a leader in law enforcement,

building trust with residents and strengthening public safety across

Suffolk County.
Whether pursuing justice for victims of crime or

engaging directly with the community to foster partnerships, Detective

Hugh consistently goes above and beyond the call of duty.
Suffolk

County is a safer place because of Detective Hugh's hard work and

steadfast dedication to better our communities.
His efforts to combat crime, reduce harm, and improve the lives of

residents reflect his dedication not only to the badge he wears but

also to the people he serves.
He understands that effective policing is

not just about enforcing laws--it is about creating an environment

where families feel secure, businesses can thrive, and communities can

flourish.
On behalf of the people of Suffolk County and the 1st Congressional

District of New York, I extend my sincere congratulations to Detective

Edwin Hugh and my heartfelt gratitude for his exceptional service.
His

work serves as a model for law enforcement professionals across the

country, and his contributions to Suffolk County are a source of pride

for us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COPS/METRO ALLIANCE

HON.
GREG CASAR

Mr. CASAR.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to call the attention of

the House in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the Communities

Organized for Public Service/Metro Alliance.
Since 1974, the COPS/Metro

Alliance has invested billions of dollars into San Antonio families and

have fought to make the City a place where everyone's voices are heard.
Led by a West-Side native organizer named Ernesto Cortes Jr., church

leaders across the City began to organize and work with one another to

secure more opportunities for working class residents.
They used their

newfound voices to fight for housing for seniors, environmental

protections, and safer streets.
Members of COPS/Metro Alliance even

began running for office, and successfully secured funding for

libraries, parks, and public services.
When factories and plants closed in San Antonio, they created job-

training programs and worked with businesses to bring more high-paying

jobs to the City.
In the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, the COPS/

Metro Alliance founded an unprecedented education and job placement

program called ``SA Ready to Work'', offering over 28,000 San Antonio

residents job placement, support, and retention services, and tuition

for high school equivalency, college degrees, and industry-recognized

certifications: the first of its kind in the Nation.
While great strides have been made in the last few decades to make

San Antonio a more equitable city, there is still more work to be done.
As the Representative for Texas's 35th Congressional District, I know

that the COPS/Metro Alliance will continue its incredible legacy of

uplifting the most disadvantaged among us, and work to create an even

greater San Antonio.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE HOMECOMING OF MR.
TIGRAN GAMBARYAN

HON.
RICHARD McCORMICK

Mr. McCORMICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Tigran

Gambaryan and celebrate his return home to the United States of the

America, and to his friends and family.
Mr. Gambaryan is an American citizen, a resident of Georgia, and a

dedicated former public servant.