EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Moniquec Conner

as Ohio's 13th Congressional District Champion of the Week.
Moniquec is a trailblazing civil rights activist.
She was recently

recognized with a Humanitarian Stone Award from the National Action

Network, an organization dedicated to advancing civil rights issues.
This award reflects the years of hard work, dedication, and

perseverance that she has invested in our community and fighting for

the advancement of civil rights.
Her commitment has remained

steadfast--the hallmark of concerned and responsible citizenship.
Moniquec is currently the chair of the Ohio Women in the NAACP, and

in 1999, she revitalized the Stark County branch of the NAACP, serving

as its president in 2000.
In addition to her work for the NAACP, she is also the interim

president of the National Action Network chapter that serves Stark and

Summit counties.
As she has throughout her remarkable career, Moniquec continues to

focus on issues such as police accountability, voting rights, corporate

responsibility, pension diversity, youth leadership, crisis intake,

victim assistance, and bridging the digital divide.
I would like to thank Moniquec for her dedication to fighting for

change, and the amazing

work she does on behalf of the community.
As a woman in a position of

influence, she has certainly inspired the next generation of leaders to

stand strong in their convictions and fight for justice.
Moniquec's unwavering championing of civil rights exemplifies the

very spirit that makes Ohio's 13th Congressional District the

``Birthplace of Champions.''
With this national recognition, she has

certainly made our community proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY SUBCOMMITTEE STAFF DIRECTOR, SOPHIE MIRVISS, FOR HER

EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr.  PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Staff

Director, Sophie Mirviss, for her work on behalf of every constituent

in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
In October, Sophie

departed my office for a new opportunity to serve as the Chief of Staff

to the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East and I

could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Sophie's journey as a public servant began just after she graduated

from Johns Hopkins University in 2018 with a bachelor's degree in

international studies and a minor in economics.
Though she was

initialjy hired as my scheduler, her expertise in foreign policy led

her to become my National Security Legislative Assistant.
Soon after,

she joined the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East.
North Africa, and Global Counterterrorism in which she served under

Reps, Ted Deutch (FL-22) and David Cicilline (RI-0 1).
In this time,

she worked her way up from Professional Staff Member to the

Subcommittee Staff Director all the while pursuing a master's degree in

defense and strategic studies at the U.S. Naval War College.
As a

Minnesota District Three native.
Sophie understands how diplomacy and

conflicts in far-away lands can impact our own communities, which has

made her a wonderful advocate for our constituents in the foreign

policy sphere.
Sophie is a powerhouse.
She is not only a master knitter, but also an

embodiment of what every congressional staffer strives to be.
Confident

in her abilities and fearless in her pursuit of peace through better

policy, she brings a fire and intensity to her work that inspires

everyone to be the best version of themselves.
Sophie is just the type

of person you would want with you in the case of a zombie apocalypse--

she is smart, determined, loyal, and a joy to be around.
For that,

we've been extremely grateful to have her on our team.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to do this

work and serve the Nation.