Clint, a 4th-generation Arizonan, has served on the Board of

Supervisors since March 21, 2013.
He also is the Vice President of

Sales and Marketing at Hickman's Family Farms, the largest egg producer

in the southwest United States.
Supervisor Hickman's experience running

a business and his deep roots in the West Valley have guided his

actions on the Board of Supervisors, leading the Counties' approach to

fiscal responsibility and effective governance.
He has been a valuable

resource to his constituents and small businesses, and helped lead the

county through the challenging COVID-19 pandemic.
I sincerely appreciate Clint's service to the 8th Congressional

District, Maricopa County, and Arizona.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RUSSELL SMOLDON

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize my friend, Russell

D. Smoldon, CEO of B3 Strategies.
I first met Russell while serving in the Arizona State Legislature in

2009.
At the time, Russell was the manager of government relations for

Salt River Project (SRP), a major utility and water company in Arizona.
Russell now runs his own company and has over 35 years of public

policy experience focused on energy, water, environmental, taxation,

healthcare, and economic development issues.
Russell is a respected leader in Arizona and I believe just about

everyone knows him and likes him.
He serves on the board of the Arizona

Tax Research Association (ATRA) and on the board of CrossRoads.
Russell

has also served in leadership positions with the Western Business

Roundtable, the Greater Phoenix Urban League, the American Legislative

Exchange Council (ALEC), the National Conference of State Legislators'

Advisory Council on Energy, and the National Tax Partnership.
He also

served as a member of the Arizona Supreme Court's Child Support

Guidelines and Domestic Relations Committees and the Arizona Highway

Users' Association, and has assisted numerous non-profit organizations,

including the Arizona Trails Association.
Russell is caring, fun-loving, funny, and knowledgeable.
I have

called on him for input on Arizona issues for many years.
I thank Russell for his years of support and for all of the times he

has provided me with valuable information and advice.
Please know that

I appreciate him.
May God continue to Bless him and his family for

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ANN WAGNER

Mrs. WAGNER.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that I missed Roll Call votes on

December 5, 2024.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
485 and YEA on Roll Call No.
486.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRYAN MacDONALD AND HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE CITY OF

OXNARD, CALIFORNIA

HON.
JULIA BROWNLEY

Ms. BROWNLEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Bryan MacDonald,

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Oxnard, a notable public servant whose

unwavering dedication has left an indelible mark on our community.
Bryan's service to Oxnard began in 2008 when he was first elected to

the City Council, and his leadership and commitment to public service

have been steadfast throughout his tenure.
He was re-elected in 2012,

2016, and 2020, demonstrating his ongoing dedication to the city's

growth and prosperity.
In 2020, Bryan was appointed Mayor Pro Tem, a

role that has allowed him to further influence the city's progress and

address the needs of its residents.
Prior to his time in local

government, Bryan served for 30 years in the Oxnard Police Department,

retiring as Assistant Chief of Police.
His leadership in law

enforcement has been a pillar of the city's public safety efforts and

continues to serve as a lasting testament to his dedication and

commitment to our community.
Beyond his roles in law enforcement and city governance, Bryan

continues to share his wealth of knowledge as an Adjunct Professor of

Criminal Justice at Ventura College.