Prior to his time in local

government, Bryan served for 30 years in the Oxnard Police Department,

retiring as Assistant Chief of Police.
His leadership in law

enforcement has been a pillar of the city's public safety efforts and

continues to serve as a lasting testament to his dedication and

commitment to our community.
Beyond his roles in law enforcement and city governance, Bryan

continues to share his wealth of knowledge as an Adjunct Professor of

Criminal Justice at Ventura College.
His influence extends well beyond

the classroom, as he has taken on leadership positions with

organizations that impact the entire community.
Bryan has served as the

Chairperson for the American Cancer Society Gold Coast Community

Council, Board President of the Elite Theatre Company, and is an active

member of the Alcohol and Drug Advisory Board for the County of Ventura

Behavioral Health Department.
He is also deeply involved with the

Knights of Columbus, Council 750, and has contributed countless hours

to making Oxnard a better place for all.
A long-time resident of Oxnard, Bryan and his wife Lorraine have

called this community home since 1985.
Together, they have been a

constant presence in our city, investing in its people, its future, and

its wellbeing.
As Bryan steps down from his role on the City Council, I join our

community in expressing our appreciation for his immense contributions

to public safety, education, and the overall commitment to building a

better and stronger Oxnard.
From his distinguished career in law

enforcement to his leadership in governance and his community

involvement, Bryan MacDonald has served our community well.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great esteem and respect that I recognize

Bryan MacDonald for his invaluable service to the City of Oxnard.
I

thank him for his many years of leadership and commitment, and I wish

him continued success in the next chapter of his life's journey.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN COUNTY, MISSOURI, TREASURER KAREN MATTHEWS ON HER

RETIREMENT

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Karen Matthews,

the Christian County, Missouri, Treasurer, on her retirement.
Christian

County is home to nearly 90,000 citizens in the southwest part of

Missouri, and Ms. Matthews has served as an elected official there for

22 years.
During her tenure, Ms. Matthews has achieved many accomplishments.
She manages nearly $50 million annually in county revenue and

transitioned the county's operations from a third-class county to a

first-class county due to the area's population growth.
She initiated

online banking for the county, direct deposit payroll for county

employees and implemented premier financial software.
She also saved

the county thousands of dollars by implementing a more efficient time

and attendance software.
Finally, despite the millions of annual

transactions, the county has successfully passed all of its dozens of

audits with 100-percent compliance.
Ms. Matthews was honored by her peers by being elected as the

treasurer for the Missouri County Treasurer's Association, a position

she has held since 2012.
She also is the treasurer for Mt. Zion Baptist

Church, serves on the Missouri County Treasurer's Association

legislative board and is a member of several area chambers of commerce.
In addition to her public service, she has been the co-owner of several

small businesses in the construction and home design fields.
I'd like to congratulate Ms. Matthews on her well-deserved

retirement.
She has faithfully executed her responsilities as county

treasurer and she will be missed.
I wish her the very best in the next

phase of her life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MONIQUEC CONNER AS OHIO'S 13TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Moniquec Conner

as Ohio's 13th Congressional District Champion of the Week.
Moniquec is a trailblazing civil rights activist.