In some ways as a culmination of her life's mission of community

service up to this point, Cindy took on a new endeavor with Pikes Peak

United Way, first as the Senior Vice President of Marketing, and

eventually, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Under Cindy's

guidance Pikes Peak United Way created new initiatives and partnerships

that expanded the organization's already extensive impact.
This

included celebrating 100 years of Pikes Peak United Way serving the

Pikes Peak region and partnering with many other organizations to

launch the Family Success Center, offering a broad range of services to

empower those in need in our community.
In addition to her leadership in the Pikes Peak region, Cindy has

been recognized for and awarded the Colorado Springs Business Journal

Woman of Influence award, the Public Relations Society of America Vista

Award, the Colorado Coaches for Charity MVP award, and the Business

Leader of the Year from the Southern Colorado Women's Chamber of

Commerce.
It is evident that Cindy's impact is broad and deep in our

community.
Cindy and her husband Peter are parents to Liam and his wife Tori and

now Grammy to their beautiful granddaughter, Azaela Joy.
Mr. Speaker, I

ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in congratulating her upon

her retirement and celebrating the life and dedicated service of a true

champion for the Pikes Peak region, Cindy Aubrey.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CONGRESSWOMAN CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS ON HER RETIREMENT

FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AFTER 20 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

my friend and colleague, Chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee,

Cathy McMorris Rodgers, on her retirement from the House of

Representatives after a 20-year career representing the folks of

Washington's 5th congressional district.
I've had the pleasure of working closely with Cathy on the Energy and

Commerce Committee for a long time and together we've been able to

accomplish some amazing things for the American people.
I've admired

her determination and strength to get our priorities across the finish

line and she has never stopped working tirelessly on behalf of the

people she was elected to serve.
What I most admire about Cathy is her

dedication to her family and the Down Syndrome community.
Over the

years I've had the privilege of becoming friends with her son Cole, who

has inspired me and is one of the reasons I'm so passionate about

supporting Cathy's work on behalf of the Down Syndrome community.
She

has been a tireless champion for the community and left a lasting

legacy with her accomplishments on behalf of the people who are

differently-abled, so they can live their lives to their full potential

with no barriers or bias or obstacles standing in their way.
While her colleagues will miss her dearly, we wish Cathy and her

family all the best as she begins this next chapter of her life.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating my friend Congresswoman

Cathy McMorris Rodgers on her retirement from the House of

Representatives after 20 years of service to the people of Washington's

5th congressional district.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CLINT HICKMAN

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my honor to recognize Maricopa County Supervisor for

District 4, Clint Hickman.
Clint, a 4th-generation Arizonan, has served on the Board of

Supervisors since March 21, 2013.
He also is the Vice President of

Sales and Marketing at Hickman's Family Farms, the largest egg producer

in the southwest United States.
Supervisor Hickman's experience running

a business and his deep roots in the West Valley have guided his

actions on the Board of Supervisors, leading the Counties' approach to

fiscal responsibility and effective governance.