For that,

we've been extremely grateful to have her on our team.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to do this

work and serve the Nation.
I wish Sophie all the best in her future

endeavors and thank her for six years of faithful service to this

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE HONORABLE MILDRED C. CRUMP

HON.
LaMONICA McIVER

Mrs. McIVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of the

Honorable Mildred C. Crump, a visionary leader and trailblazer from my

beloved city of Newark, New Jersey.
Mildred was a woman of many

``firsts'' and her wisdom, guidance, and unwavering belief in justice

helped shape my life and career--and transformed the lives of so many

others.
As the first African American woman elected to the Newark City

Council and as the council's first woman president, Mildred broke

barriers and demonstrated a steadfast commitment to equity, justice,

and community empowerment.
Her dedication to improving the lives of others--whether through her

pioneering work as New Jersey's first African American Braille teacher

or her tireless advocacy for housing, education, and civil rights--has

left an everlasting mark on our city, state, and Nation.
Council

President Crump was more than a role model.
She was a relentless

advocate and champion for people, and a brilliant community strategist.
She blazed a path for so many and was always a source of unwavering

support for those of us who had the honor of learning from her.
Mildred's leadership, compassion, and vision will be profoundly missed.
All Newarkers mourn the loss of this exceptional woman.
I send my

deepest condolences to her children, Larry and Sheri, and all her loved

ones.
I know Mildred's legacy and impact will live on.
It lives on in

me and many others.
I thank Mildred C. Crump, on behalf of all the little Black and brown

girls she has inspired and provided a light to shine.
We love you

forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THE SACRED LIGHTS OF CHANUKAH

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record a poem

submitted at the request of a Virginia Beach constituent, Rabbi Dr.

Israel Zoberman of Temple Lev Tikvah, and are a reflection of his

views:

The Sacred Lights of Chanukah

The fragile yet formidable Chanukah candles

We tenderly lit, daringly defy the suffocating

Darkness around us and in us,

Soothing and softening, we pray, all who

Their magic of evoked memories of elation

And trepidation with oil--dripping levivot

(Potato pancakes) for expectant levavot

(Hearts) while partaking of sustaining sweet

Sufganiyot (donuts) to counteract the bitterness

Of previous and following defeats,

Celebrating a temporary victory before the

Hasmonians' intra-feuds hastened the demise

Of short-lived Jewish sovereignty with warning

Lessons for the contemporary scene of mounting

Extremism and spreading strife,

With hostages in death-filled Gaza darkness

Still-second Chanukah's Festival of Lights

In captivity, how tragically ironic!--desperately

Yearning for liberating light lagging too long

Behind and may not come, and for too many

Their wondrous light already snuffed out by

Those adoring the dark with the candle of each

Unique life burning down before its time and

Forever lost is that consecrated inner oil,

Though only we, today's brave Maccabees,

Possess the priestly power to extinguish

The miracle of the bright Chanukia (menorah)

Embedded deep within us.
Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman is the founder of Temple Lev Tikvah in

Virginia Beach.
Kazakhstan's only born rabbi, he is the son of Polish

Holocaust Survivors and spent his early childhood in transit and DP

Camps in Austria and Germany.
He grew up in Haifa, Israel.