In her Budget last year, the Chancellor tucked away about £10 billion over the next couple of years from reform to the non-dom tax regime.
It is important to remember that the OBR said in its fiscal outlook that that figure was “highly uncertain”, and a high-level survey by Oxford Economics found that fully two thirds of non-doms are considering leaving the country in the next couple years as a direct result of those policies.
That implies not an increase of £10 billion but a decrease of £8 billion.
The Chancellor has created a fiscal black hole of £18 billion with just one policy alone.
In this week of heroic U-turns from the Government Front Bench, will the Minister confirm whether they will be axing this tax?
When will it finally be condemned to the history books?
I am not really sure whether there was a policy suggestion in that comment or not.
As the shadow Minister will know, the fiscal black hole that we had to address when we won the general election was the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left after their mismanagement of the economy.
As I said, the Office for Budget Responsibility has confirmed that our reforms to the non-dom regime, with our removal of non-dom tax status, will raise £33.8 billion over the five years of the forecast.
It is the OBR’s figures that we will trust in that regard.
What fiscal steps she plans to take to help reduce the number of disabled and sick people in poverty.
The Government are committed to ensuring that there are fewer sick and disabled people in poverty by helping them into work and getting them off NHS waiting lists.
That is why at the spring statement we announced the largest investment in employment support in at least a generation.
The Government have already taken action to tackle poverty, including with the fair repayment rate, which lowers the cap on deductions in universal credit, and we have increased the national living wage by 6.7%.
Beyond that, we are investing to reduce poverty by expanding free school meals and investing in a £1 billion settlement for crisis support.
We will set out our child poverty strategy in the autumn.
We have invested £29 billion in reducing NHS waiting lists, and since we took office there are 385,000 more people in work.
Many disabled people are really struggling right now.
We know that three in 10 are living in poverty, as I can see in my York constituency, but I was particularly taken aback by the Women’s Budget Group report, which highlighted that three quarters of the people who will lose their personal independence payment and carer’s allowance are women.
How will the Chancellor ensure that when fiscal decisions are made, we look in particular at the intersectionality between women, disabled people and other protected characteristics to ensure that they are not pushed further into poverty?
My hon.
Friend will know that nobody currently receiving personal independence payments will see any reduction in the support they get.
In terms of supporting women into work, recognising some of the  intersectionalities she mentioned, the Government have increased the national living wage by 6.7%—sadly, it is still too often women who are paid the lowest wages—and our Employment Rights Bill will offer more security and dignity in work.
We are also rolling out more childcare, including new nurseries at primary schools, and my right hon.
Friend the Business and Trade Secretary will today make a statement announcing the launch of a review of parental leave, which could benefit all working parents, but particularly mums.
Does the Chancellor accept that cancer is a major driver of poverty?
That is not only because people who are ill cannot work during their treatment, but because sometimes people who are happily cured find that they have collateral damage that means they cannot work at a full level throughout the rest of their life.
Does she recognise that radiotherapy plays a huge part in making sure that people are cured and then able to be productive in society?
Given that the international average for people with cancer having radiotherapy is 53%, while in the UK it is only 36%, will she look at the economic advantages of investing in radiotherapy?
In the spending review, we invested an additional £29 billion every year for day-to-day spending in the national health service, as well as a record uplift in capital spending in the NHS so that there is more money for the equipment to do that vital work, including in cancer treatments, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned.
In our first year in office we have delivered 4 million additional appointments in the NHS and reduced waiting lists by 250,000.
That is only possible because of the decisions we took in the Budget last year—those included increasing taxes on non-doms, as well as the increase in national insurance contributions—which have gone into funding our national health service.
St Helens is ranked as the 26th most deprived area nationally, and that poverty has an impact on health and sickness from pre-birth to old age.
As a country, we spend more on crisis intervention and less on early intervention after 14 years of the Tories.
Will the Chancellor please assure me and people in St Helens North that this Government will do all they can to properly fund councils and health services to help more people live longer, healthier lives?
That is a really important point.
Our Prime Minister is absolutely committed to early intervention to stop the costs of crisis emerging later on.
Later this week, on the anniversary of Labour’s creation of the health service, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will publish the 10-year health plan, which will focus on ensuring that young people especially, and particularly those in some of our most deprived communities, are not let down and have a healthy start in life.
Across the whole of Government, we are determined to achieve that.
Today’s disastrous welfare debacle was all down to the Chancellor’s obsessive pursuit to stick to the grotesque Tory fiscal rules.
Yet 150,000 people could still be saved from poverty if all the Scottish Labour MPs joined those prepared to vote down the Universal Credit and Personal  Independence Payment Bill.
Does she agree that if Scottish Labour MPs go through the lobby to support the Bill, they would be as well not bothering standing again?
This Government changed the fiscal rules at the Budget last year with a stability rule, so that for the first time we pay for day-to-day spending through tax receipts, and an investment rule, which enables us to invest in the things that will help grow the economy, such as energy infrastructure, defence spending and transport and digital infrastructure.
As a result, in the Budget and then in this year’s spring statement, we unlocked £300 billion more to spend during the course of this Parliament, including the record settlement for the Scottish Government.
It is now up to the Scottish Government to spend that money wisely and to try to reduce waiting lists in Scotland, as we have done in England and, indeed, in Wales.