The infrastructure plan reiterated the Government’s support for a third runway at Heathrow, a project that the Chancellor has repeatedly stated will be privately funded.
However, given the vast amount of rail and road infrastructure that will be needed to support a bigger Heathrow, as well as the huge risk a private company would take on, which it would want underwritten by Government, could the Chief Secretary to the Treasury outline to the House how much taxpayer cash has been earmarked as needed to enable a bigger Heathrow?
The hon.
Lady will know that we are waiting to receive detailed proposals from Heathrow for the development of the third runway.
The Government will consider those proposals in due course and make further announcements when decisions have been taken.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle tax evasion by high street businesses.
What steps she plans to take to close loopholes in the tax system.
The year before we came to power, the tax gap stood at £47 billion.
That is unacceptable, which is why we announced the most ambitious-ever package of tax gap measures in the Budget, and went even further in the spring statement.
We are now forecast to raise £7.5 billion from the tax gap in 2029-30, including by recruiting 5,500 more compliance officers, investing in better technology and closing loopholes.
We will bring forward further measures to close the tax gap in the autumn Budget.
As the Minister is no doubt aware, an increasingly common issue on our high streets is phoenixing.
That is where a shop unit continues to trade while cycling through multiple limited companies every few months, none of which pays corporation tax, VAT or business rates.
Can the Minister encourage officials at His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to walk along Whitehall, just a few hundred metres from this Chamber, and take a look at whether the series of Harry Potter-themed gift shops across London—which have been accused by “London Centric” of doing exactly that—are playing by the rules?
Will they ensure that tax enforcement supports legitimate small businesses on our high streets?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful campaigner and advocate for tackling those who do not play by the rules.
While I am unable to comment on individual taxpayer affairs because of my position, I very much recognise the issue.
We are determined to tackle this problem, and HMRC is working across Government on enforcement action, including work with Companies House and the Insolvency Service to tackle phoenixism.
Does the Minister agree that instead of handing £500 million of taxpayers’ money to those who are entitled to small business rate relief, which is what has happened in Cornwall over the past 10 years, it would be far better to invest that money in desperately needed first homes for local families in desperate housing need, rather than give it to second home owners?
Would he be prepared to meet me, so that we can establish a better method of achieving housing justice through tax policy?
I am happy to hear from the hon.
Gentleman about how he will support our home-building plans in his constituency and across the country.
We know that the most important thing to tackle the housing crisis is to support the reforms that this Government are making to the planning system to make sure we can build 1.5 million new homes and invest £39 billion in our 10-year affordable homes programme—the biggest in a generation.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Government are delivering on the priorities of the British people.
Yesterday, the Office for National Statistics confirmed that the UK was the fastest-growing G7 nation in the first quarter of this year.
Since the election, this Labour Government have brought £120 billion of private investment into our economy.
There have been four interest rate cuts, lowering the cost of mortgages, and 384,000 new jobs—more than 1,000 jobs a day—since this Government were elected.
Real wages increased more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than they did in the first 10 years of the last Conservative Government, and we have a £1,400 pay rise for a full-time worker on the national living wage.
That is the difference that this Government are making after 14 years of mismanagement by the Conservatives.
The award-winning bookshop and deli Mainstreet Trading Company in St Boswells has been forced to reduce its operating hours because “increases to employer national insurance mean that our operating cost base has increased significantly.”
What advice does the Chancellor have for small businesses suffering because of this Labour Government’s reckless decisions?
This Government increased the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500, and that means 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance at all.
Indeed, half of employers will either gain or see no change.
It was also welcome that the Lloyds business barometer showed business confidence at a nine-year high, with a particular uptick in retail.
I cannot comment on an individual business, but that is the system nationwide.
This is topicals; we have got to get going.
Brian Leishman will set a good example.
I want to ask about the £200 million national wealth fund commitment for Project Willow.
How will it be accessed?
What is the minimum and maximum amount that can be accessed by an applicant?
If it is exclusively for businesses, will it be based on being positioned within the existing footprint of the Grangemouth site that is owned or operated by Petroineos or INEOS?
There is £200 million available, and the Government will look at all proposals for investing it.