The Prime Minister, the Business Secretary and the Chancellor had the joy of coming to my constituency to see the MIRA technology park last week.
They will have come via the A5.
The previous Prime Minister talked about the funding that would be submitted via the A5, but in the spending review that money seems to have dropped, so will the Chancellor commit to the same funding for the A5 that we had from the last Government, because it is really important for my area?
The irony is that the last Government made a lot of commitments but did not put any money into delivering them.
That is the difference that this Government are making, with fully funded plans to upgrade transport.
The Department for Transport now has its settlement and it will look at a number of projects.
The mess left by the Conservatives is something we have had to sort out.
The Conservatives have not backed any of the measures that we have taken to bring in more revenue, yet, as we have seen, they are very keen on spending the money.
That is why we were left with a £22 billion black hole when we came into office a year ago.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Eastleigh constituency.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Monmouthshire.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in north Gloucestershire.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Gloucestershire.
Kick-starting economic growth in every region and nation is the No. 1 mission of our Government.
As part of our new infrastructure strategy, we have allocated £725 billion to building and rebuilding bridges, roads, schools and hospitals across the country.
Also, the £2.3 billion for local government transport will benefit places such as Eastleigh and Gloucestershire.
In Wales, key rail routes will benefit from £445 million of investment.
Small to medium-sized businesses are the backbone of the local economy in Eastleigh, creating jobs and driving innovation.
However, local businesses, including the precision manufacturing firm G. W. Martin, have told me that the increased costs as a result of the changes to employer national insurance contributions have left them with no choice but to pass those costs on to customers, making UK manufacturing less competitive globally.
What concrete steps will the Government take to help businesses in Eastleigh?
Half of small businesses will not be affected by the employer national insurance increase, as the hon.
Member will know.
We will also be setting  out a small business strategy in the Government’s plan to support those businesses across the UK later this year.
As the Minister knows, I am delighted with the spending review’s investment in Welsh rail of £445 million.
It shows the power of two Labour Governments working together and corrects years of underfunding from the Tories.
This investment in Welsh communities and Welsh business is extremely welcome and it will be a brilliant driver of our Government’s mission for economic growth.
Will she outline what steps she is taking with other Departments to ensure that rural economies and market towns such as Monmouth, Abergavenny, Caldicot and Chepstow, and small businesses across Monmouthshire, can be helped to thrive and contribute to that growth mission?