As I welcome the Minister’s announcement, I think of the HGV driver who I met recently who said that he was not able to take time off to be with his partner and their  newborn baby.
Will the Minister assure me and all my constituents that the new rights will work for working-class people as well as people on higher incomes in professional jobs?
Does he agree that today’s announcement, along with our announcements on free school meals, childcare and housing, make it clear that the Labour party is the party of the family?
One of the real achievements of the last Labour Government was to recognise that giving children the best start in life is fundamental to rebuilding our society, and that is at the heart of what we have proposed today.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point that these entitlements have an element of income inequality to them, which we will bear in mind.
One message we heard very clearly is that many fathers would like to take more paternity leave but simply cannot afford to do so, and we will be looking at that as part of the review.
Having a child is a personal choice, and it is a blessing that I have enjoyed five times.
Becoming old, sick or disabled are not personal choices, yet we have had cuts to the winter fuel allowance and we are about to discuss a controversial Bill that would remove a large element of the support that we currently give to sick and disabled people.
What does that say about the Government’s priorities?
The right hon.
Member will know that the winter fuel allowance has been restored for many people in this country, and the Chancellor has given a clear commitment that any existing PIP claimants will not be affected by the measures in the Bill.
As part of the review by Sir Charlie Mayfield, we are looking in the round at how we ensure that people are able to be supported to stay in work, and I hope that the Conservatives would support that.
I warmly welcome the Minister’s statement.
As a dad, I know from two very recent experiences how valuable paternity leave is for fathers.
Good companies also know that, as Tesco and other good employers have already increased their employee paternity leave offers because they know that a good workforce is a happy workforce.
May I encourage the Minister to actively pursue those companies to ensure that their data and insights are fed into the review, with a view to permanently increased paternity leave?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his recent parenthood and pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters) , who I understand is on paternity leave as we speak.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about good businesses understanding the importance of treating their staff well.
I draw the House’s attention to a quote from the chief people officer for Aviva, which operates a progressive parental leave policy.
He said: “The chance to spend more time with a new arrival during the important first few months has proved to be hugely beneficial for thousands of our Aviva parents.
From supporting their partners, to the positive impact it has on mental wellbeing and engagement with family life, equal parental leave has been literally life-changing for our people.”
We want to encourage businesses to look at those sorts of things.
I am sure some other firms will be doing equally well, and we are happy to hear any evidence on those matters.
As someone who is about to welcome their second child into the world—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Thank you very much.
I am delighted to be discussing parental leave and I welcome this review.
The Minister said that one objective of the review is to reset the relationship between men and women—I paraphrase—and to make that more equal.
May I gently suggest that while the measures set out are necessary, they are insufficient?
To get to the heart of that matter, we need to look at early years funding.
When £6.12 is provided by the Government for early years provision, but providers, such as the Little Learning Tree in my constituency, say that it costs £7.50 to deliver, we have a problem.
The parental leave review will not get to the heart of that matter, so will the Minister consider including the Department for Education in the review to get to the heart of equality between men and women?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
The Government have clearly done great work already in expanding the availability of affordable childcare, but there is always more to do.
This specifically will not be part of the review, but I can confirm that we will be working with other Departments to see how their input can help to achieve the outcomes we want from the review.
The fathers who met me in Haslingden will welcome the review and the Minister’s announcement, but in conversations I have had I have been struck by the difficulties faced by some of our public sector workers, with teachers almost forced back perhaps a week—if they had been able to take that—after a holiday period, and police officers facing particular challenges with parental leave and paternity rights.
Will the Minister reassure me that those important issues will be squarely within the terms of the review and that he will be looking to make progress on them?