The winter fuel payment U-turn will cost £1.25 billion, and the welfare reform U-turn will cost £2.5 billion, all adding to Labour’s unfunded black hole.
This is from a Chancellor who said that she would never make a spending commitment without explaining where the money was  coming from—yet another U-turn.
The Chancellor has also said that her fiscal rules are iron-clad and non-negotiable.
Can she reconfirm that commitment now, or are we heading for yet another U-turn?
I would take that a bit more seriously if the Conservatives were not voting against the welfare reforms this evening, and if they had not committed to fully reversing the winter fuel changes, which would cost a further £400 million that they cannot explain.
I am always grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions, because he always offers a useful lesson in what not to do.
Even George Osborne now says that the shadow Chancellor has “no credible economic plan”.
I will give the shadow Chancellor this: he knows a thing or two about welfare spending, because under his watch, the UK became the only country in the G7 with an unemployment rate stuck below pre-pandemic levels.
Under his watch, the cost of working-age inactivity rose by £15.7 billion a year.
The House will note that the right hon.
Lady did not categorically rule out the possibility of changing the fiscal rules in the autumn.
Given that, will she at least confirm that she stands by her commitment not to raise the rates of income tax, national insurance or VAT in the autumn?
Is it a yes, or is it another potential U-turn?
We made a commitment in our manifesto not to increase the key taxes that working people pay, and we stick by those commitments because, unlike the Conservative party, we stick by our manifesto.
Towns in my constituency, such as Prudhoe and Haltwhistle, have lost access to bank branches—Prudhoe lost its Lloyds branch in May—and Hexham is due to lose two branches in November.
The closures have had a huge impact on customers and communities, but the guidance on banking hubs is often too restrictive.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can support financial inclusion in Tyne valley, in the Hexham constituency and beyond?
We understand the importance of in-person banking, in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and elsewhere, which is why we secured a commitment from the industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the United Kingdom.
I am leading the work on a financial inclusion strategy, which we will publish later in the year and which emphasises the importance of access to banking, and I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.