From personal experience—as a father of three—I understand the importance of fathers being able to spend time at home with their newborns and supporting mothers in those early days.
Having experienced paternity leave both as a Member of Parliament in 2020 and 2021 as well as in very different circumstances in 2016 while self-employed, I am proud that the UK already offers some of the most generous maternity and paternity rights, but of course there is always room for improvement.
The Conservatives introduced shared parental leave, allowing new parents to spend precious time caring for their newborns.
It is therefore with interest that we digest the contents of this ministerial statement today, but I do have deep reservations about both its substance and its timing.
I understand that the Government pledged that this review would be done and dusted within a year—another broken promise—but it is curious that they have chosen today of all days to launch it.
I am in no doubt that today’s statement has been rushed into the Minister’s hands to deflect from what I suspect will be a difficult day of parliamentary business for the Government.
That much is clear, as the Secretary of State was entirely incapable of confirming the current rates of statutory paternity pay on LBC this morning.
I welcome the fact that he apologised to Nick Ferrari in admitting that he really should know—perhaps the Minister can set the record straight for his boss today.
I wish to take this opportunity to make it crystal clear that Conservatives are not opposed to increased parental leave, as long as it is proportionate, affordable and does not increase unemployment.
Therein lies the problem, because this Government have left themselves no breathing room.
Their political choices have imposed the most significant headwinds on business in a generation.
Those choices have driven unemployment up by 173,000 since July last year.
Businesses across the land are contending with taxes on jobs that Labour promised would never come, and now they are staring down the barrel of 300 pages of closely typed, union-led, red tape in the unemployment Bill, which will upset a carefully balanced and fair relationship between employees and employers that has spanned decades.
Even Tony Blair and Gordon Brown refused to open that box.
No real business supports that Bill.
The five biggest business groups have warned against it.
It will make hiring tougher, and force employers to take fewer risks on new starters, disproportionately pushing young mothers out of the workforce.
Flexible working will be almost entirely eviscerated from Britain’s job market.
The reasonable measures from which employers and employees have benefited for years have allowed businesses to take a chance on new hires.
We already know that businesses across the UK have had no choice but to cut jobs, reduce hours or put hiring on pause because of the Chancellor’s toxic treatment of enterprise.
If it is helpful, I can spell this out for the benefit of those on the Government Front Bench.
It really is quite straightforward: it is not possible to benefit from employment rights if people do not have a job in the first place.
With that in mind, it deeply concerns me that the Minister’s statement made only a passing mention of the impact on businesses.
That comes as no surprise as not one person around the Cabinet table has any real business experience.
The Government have admitted that this review, which they said would be squared away by now, will take 18 months.
Over the next 18 months, we will watch the ravaging impacts of Labour’s anti-business policies transform from a drip to a deluge.
With the jobs tax, the business rates relief cut, investment and capital forced overseas, the Employment Rights Bill and the family business death tax, unemployment will continue to rise, businesses will close and any chance of growth will be sapped from our economy.
It is all well and good that the Minister announces this review in the House today, but let us be in no doubt that, when it concludes in 18 months’ time, Britain’s economy will have been stripped of all signs of life because of the choices Labour has made.
I take it that the shadow Minister is not in support of the review.
May I correct him on a few points?
Of course it is not a coincidence that this is being announced today; our manifesto was clear that we would launch the review within one year of taking office, and, of course, this week we do celebrate that astounding election victory.
On his point about statutory paternity pay, it is £187.18.
We know from representations that we have already received that many do not think that that is the right level.
He mentioned how Tony Blair and Gordon Brown refused to open this box, but it was their Government who gave us the right to statutory paternity pay and a number of other family-friendly rights, of which the shadow Minister himself has taken advantage.
I think we know where the Conservative party stands on these issues when their leader says that maternity pay has gone too far.
I do not quite know what she meant by that, but I think it means that the Conservatives would be rolling back some of the well-earned gains in family-friendly policies.
The shadow Minister, as I would expect, does not miss an opportunity to mention the Employment Rights Bill.
May I suggest that he has a word with his shadow Secretary of State who clearly has not read it?
I refer to his recent open letter to businesses in which he mentioned a number of issues with the Bill.
First, he complained that we are creating the fair work agency, conveniently forgetting that in both the 2017 and 2019 Conservative party manifestos, there was a similar pledge to create a single enforcement body.
He referred to an introductory measure on electronic industrial action balloting.
The Conservatives, of course, will be big fans of electronic voting given the number of leadership elections in which they have taken part in recent years.
The shadow Minister needs to inform his shadow Secretary of State that that is not in the Bill.
I do not know where he thinks that has come from.
We are going to introduce electronic balloting, but it is not in the Employment Rights Bill, because we already have existing powers to implement it.
In that open letter, the shadow Secretary of State mentions, most curiously, that the Bill will include “a trade union ‘right to roam’”.
I do not know if he was searching for a new mobile phone contract at the time, but no such right exists.
The shadow Minister talked about the effects on appointments, but he needs to keep up to date: the latest Lloyds business barometer says that business confidence is now at a nine-year high and that 60% of firms expect higher staffing levels in the next year.
That is a sign that this Government are getting things done.