North Gloucestershire is ready to jump-start economic growth, with its existing advanced engineering and defence industries ready to drive the UK toward economic and defence objectives.
Babcock, GE Aerospace, Moog and Safran are already developing world-leading technologies, and the Garden Town project includes a further 100 hectares of employment area.
Will the Minister join me in Gloucestershire so we can demonstrate this expertise and the potential for growth on the ground?
Defence companies are an incredibly important part of the economy, and the hon.
Member will know that we are increasing defence spending to up to 2.6% by the end of this Parliament.
It has only ever reached those levels before under a Labour Government.
The industrial strategy was right to highlight the potential for the National Cyber Innovation Centre in my constituency.
If we are going to deliver that, we will need to make sure that junction 10 of the M5 is also done to enable the traffic to get around that development.
This is a development of national importance.
The strategic sites accelerator has also been cited by the Government.
Can the Minister advise me on how areas like Liberal Democrat-run Cheltenham and Gloucestershire can access that fund?
I will ensure that the hon.
Member gets a meeting with the relevant Transport Minister, but I hope that he is as excited as I am about the £1 billion that we are investing in the state-of-the-art Golden Valley development, which will create 12,000 high-skilled jobs and 3,700 new homes, and is close to the GCHQ headquarters in Cheltenham.
I am sure that that is something he will welcome.
Does the Minister agree that the new Green Book with its proposals on place-based analysis will mean that left-behind places like mine will start to get the infrastructure investment that they so desperately need?
We pledged to reform the Green Book, and we are doing precisely that, alongside the spending review.
We recognise the strategic importance of investment in every part of the country.
We want to realise the growth potential of places like the one my hon.
Friend represents—she is a doughty champion for her constituency.
After years of unfunded and undelivered promises from the Conservatives on levelling up, places like Rochdale are finally getting the fairer share of money that they really deserve.
The Minister expanded a little on the Green Book, but could she outline how its place-based approach will help places like mine and advanced manufacturing in the Atom Valley?
As my hon.
Friend will know, we launched funding of £15.6 billion for transport for city regions in his constituency.
I am pleased that this Government recognise the potential of places like the one he represents.
We are going to unlock that regional growth across the north and in other parts of the country.
I will just make the point again that we are a long way from Eastleigh; I do not understand how the questions are grouped in this way.
Other people listed on the Order Paper are being left behind and are missing out as a result.
What steps she is taking to help increase funding for the clean energy sector.
The spending review announced significant investment into clean energy to strengthen our energy security and our economy.
That includes over £8.3 billion for Great British Energy and Great British Energy Nuclear and £14.2 billion for Sizewell C.
Although my constituents in Ealing Southall are no doubt sweltering in today’s heat, they are worried that come winter, they will again face eye-watering energy bills to heat their homes.
The previous Government left us with the leakiest homes in Europe, slashing grants for loft and cavity insulation.
Can the Minister set out the work that this Labour Government are doing not just to support the clean energy sector, but to upgrade my constituents’ homes to take that clean, cheap energy and bring down bills in Ealing Southall?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent advocate for her constituents in Ealing Southall, and I am sure that many of them will benefit from our warm homes plan, which will see £13.2 billion invested across this Parliament.
That investment will be allocated to schemes to support the roll-out of heat pumps, alongside energy-efficiency measures and other low-carbon technologies.
This will help with environmental goals, but crucially, it will cut bills and tackle fuel poverty.
This week, the 19% tariff on imports of US ethanol falls to zero through the 1.4 billion litre quota negotiated by this Labour Government, which represents the size of the UK’s entire ethanol market.
That will have a hugely damaging impact on our rural economy, UK jobs and the NHS, with Government effectively offshoring the benefits of ethanol production and its by-products to the US.
What conversations are the Chancellor and her team having with this green energy sector, in which a huge number of jobs are now at stake in Teesside and Hull?
Of course, our colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade are having conversations with those businesses and industries that may be affected.
I hope the hon.
Member welcomes the trade deal that we got with the US—an economic deal that is so important for our prosperity and will see us being the only country to avoid some of the tariffs that are affecting all other countries around the world.