I remember well the UN rapporteur saying that the Conservatives were engaged in cruelty towards people in this country who needed help the most.
What I cannot fathom is why a Labour Government are not first putting in the support and then letting it bed in, which is what will reduce the welfare bill and increase employment levels.
The impact of any cuts would then not be as drastic.
The starting point should never be cuts before proper support.
The review led by my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability, who I have a lot of respect for, is starting to look a little bit predetermined as the change in criteria will happen at the same time as the review concludes.
It remains unclear how existing claimants with fluctuating conditions will be assessed, and the  impact that these changes will have on the carer’s allowance.
However, we do know that disability living allowance claimants and those on other legacy benefits will be assessed under the new criteria, putting almost 800,000 disabled children at risk of losing support.
The north-east region has the highest number of disabled people in England, and the number of people searching for work outpaces the number of available jobs.
How on earth will cutting the health element of universal credit incentivise those people to go out and find a job that does not even exist?
Since PIP is an in-work benefit, restricting the very support that could keep people in work will only help to increase unemployment.
All of this for £2.5 billion of savings, when we know that savings can be made elsewhere and when we know that those with the broadest shoulders could pay more.
Instead, we are once again making disabled people pay the price for the economic mess that the Conservative party left us.
As it stands, we are being asked to vote blind today.
There is no new Bill, no new explanatory notes and no fully updated impact assessment.
There is no time for sufficient scrutiny, and no formal consultation has taken place with disabled people.
The majority of employment support will not be in place until the end of the decade, and Access to Work remains worse than ever before.
We are creating a two-tier, possibly three-tier, benefit system, and we know for certain that disabled people are going to be worse off.
This is not a responsible way for any of us to legislate.
It is predicted that disabled people will lose on average £4,500 per year, yet we know they already need an extra £1,095 per month just to have the same standard of living as those in non-disabled households.
There is a reason why 138 organisations representing disabled people are against this Bill, and there is a reason why not a single organisation has come out in support of it.
I am pleading with MPs today to please do not do this.
For those on my own Labour Benches, staying loyal to your party today may feel good in this place, but once you go home and are in your individual constituency, the reality of this will hit—and it will hit very hard.
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Tuesday 8 July  ( Standing Order No. 20 ).
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— Whether she plans to review the Barnett formula for Scotland.
There are currently no plans to review the operation of the Barnett formula.
The Barnett formula has stood the test of time because it is simple and efficient, and it provides a clear and certain outcome.
It is a key part of the arrangements for pooling and sharing risks and resources across the United Kingdom.
We know that if the Government today pass their disgraceful, discriminatory and, some say, illegal cuts to disability support, that will almost certainly lead to a reduction in the Scottish budget as a result of the Barnett formula.
That is a deliberate choice that Scottish Labour MPs will be making if they support these cuts, and for which they must answer to their constituents.
Will the Chancellor or the Minister tell them, this House and, indeed, the nation exactly how many millions of pounds they will voting to take out of the pockets of disabled and vulnerable people in Scotland, many of whom voted for Labour almost a year ago?
One thing I can tell the Scottish people, and indeed the House, is that it is this Labour Government who have given the largest real-terms increase in spending to the Scottish Government since devolution began—billions and billions of pounds of extra money is going to the Scottish National party Government in Holyrood.
On devolved matters, it is for the SNP Government to be accountable for the delivery of public services to people in Scotland, where they are failing on everything from the NHS to welfare and the economy.
In the recent spending review, the Chancellor outlined plans for a multimillion-pound investment in essential building works at Budmouth academy in Weymouth.
We welcome that new investment in local schools in our town, and it will enable Budmouth academy finally to upgrade its school buildings.
Looking ahead, will the Chancellor work with me to speedily deliver the new investment and ensure that Budmouth academy gets a richly deserved upgrade as soon as possible?
Unfortunately, I cannot see the relevance of the question.
I call Bobby Dean.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the data her Department holds on high net worth individuals.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs uses a range of data sources to monitor the wealthy population.
International exchanges of information, including the common reporting standard and US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act data, offer opportunities to develop deeper insight into the international financial affairs of some of the UK’s wealthiest taxpayers.