Our priority at the moment is to extend eligibility for the winter fuel payment, as the hon.
Member and I have discussed on a number of occasions, but obviously that sits within a wider set of support.
He will have seen the extension to the warm home discount announced in recent days and the extension of the household support fund.
As he is well aware, social security is a transferred policy in Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister agree that it is only because of the Barnett formula and a Labour Government that Scotland—including communities in Stirling and Strathallan—now has record funding of £50 billion this year, and it is deeply concerning that the SNP Government in Scotland have no clear plan to invest this funding properly in Scotland’s NHS, Scotland’s schools and Scotland’s local services?
As so often, my hon.
Friend says it all.
We have seen record investment in the Scottish Government’s budget, but we do not see waiting lists falling in Scotland, as they are in England and Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of implementing a flat rate of remote betting and gaming duty on the horseracing industry.
We very much recognise the social and cultural value of horseracing, which is why on-course betting is exempt from duty, and horseracing is the only sport to receive a Government mandated levy.
We are consulting on measures to simplify gambling duty and improve compliance.
No decision will be made on rates before the Budget, and we are working with the horseracing sector to identify unintended consequences and mitigations.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In Doncaster, we are incredibly proud of our historic racecourse, which is home to the iconic St Leger festival.
As someone who has attended the racecourse for a number of events throughout my life, I can say that it is part of our local community and brings thousands of jobs.
Will the Minister confirm that he will continue dialogue with the horseracing industry, noting that it brings 85,000 jobs to the country nationally and is the second largest spectator sport in the country, and identifying that this is very different from online casinos and games of chance?
It is excellent to hear my hon.
Friend speak so passionately about Doncaster racecourse and the wider sector, and I reassure her that we will absolutely continue close dialogue with the horseracing industry on these proposals.
I and my officials are working  closely with the horseracing sector to identify any unintended consequences and possible mitigations.
We intend to continue those conversations with the industry, and we welcome further engagement.
How do the Government assess the implementation of a flat rate in terms of improving fairness and simplification for all involved, reducing administrative costs and encouraging compliance?
One of the principles behind the reforms that we are looking to make to the gambling duty is to tackle issues of compliance by simplifying the system.
The consultation is open at the moment, and I encourage the hon.
Gentleman, and anyone else who is interested in contributing towards that, to make their views known.
What recent discussions her Department has had with the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry recently met the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme to consider their proposals, and I have been monitoring the developments closely.