Does the Chancellor believe that the changes she has made to employer’s national insurance contributions will lead to higher levels of employment, or will they lead to higher levels of unemployment?
Let us look at the record so far.
There are 385,000 more jobs in the UK economy today than there were when Labour came to office a year ago, which is more than 1,000 jobs a day.
So businesses are voting with their feet and taking on more workers, because of the policies of this Labour Government compared with the Tory policies that took our economy down.
As people are living longer, they face more complex financial choices.
The new, simplified advice regime announced by the Government and the Financial Conduct Authority yesterday is hugely welcome and will help more people make better informed investment decisions.
Will the Minister provide more detail on the steps the Government will be taking to help firms deliver better advice at scale, especially to young people and the self-employed?
We are really excited about targeted support, because it means that firms will be able to make suggestions to consumers with similarities, so that they have the confidence to invest in the long term and can get better support—not advice—on their pensions.
Further to that answer, will the Minister confirm that one of the regulatory barriers in that area are privacy and electronic communications regulations, which prevent firms from proactively reaching out to customers to offer targeted  support?
As part of the review, will she ensure that that specific regulatory change is made, so that that can happen?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we are looking at that.
We will make sure that firms can take advantage of suggesting targeted support to their consumers so that they are better off, can make more of their money and get a better pension, too.
Some 58% of investors think it is important that stocks and shares ISAs are invested in UK companies.
Currently, it is estimated that £100 billion is held in the cash ISAs of people who do not have stocks and shares ISAs.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to encourage further investment in UK stocks and shares, and investment in UK companies?
As we set out at the spring statement, we are looking at the balance between investments in cash and investments in stocks and shares in ISAs.
We want to get that balance right.
We understand the importance of a rainy day buffer in cash, but we need to give people the confidence to invest.
That is a win-win: it is a win for them and a win for British companies listed on our stock exchange.
Jackie from Street suffers with Crohn’s disease, fibromyalgia and mental health issues.
She worked for most of her life until ill health made it impossible.
Under the reforms, she will lose her entitlement to personal independence payment and employment and support allowance, plunging her into poverty.
Can the Chancellor give Jackie the reassurance she needs that she will not be left in poverty?
Yes, I can absolutely give my assurance to Jackie, and to other people who are currently claiming PIP, that they will see absolutely no change in their entitlement.
That is what my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced to the Chamber yesterday: everybody who is currently on those benefits will see no change whatever.
The Timms review, which will be co-produced with disabled people and those who represent them, will build a new system for the future.
Does the Minister agree that we are driving growth across every part of the country with investments at the spending review, including £15.6 billion for transport projects in city regions and additional support that I saw myself in Warwickshire with the launch of an electric bus fleet, including buses built at Alexander Dennis in this country; and that this shows a Government who are investing in the future prosperity of our country?
It was great to be with my hon.
Friend in Warwickshire just a couple of weeks ago to welcome some of the investment, through our industrial strategy and our spending review, which will turbocharge the British economy, creating more good jobs and paying decent wages in all parts of the country, including in Warwickshire.
Last week, ahead of the launch of its ethnicity code, the Lending Standards Board announced it would be closing, following the withdrawal of support from major high street banks.
This was going to be a groundbreaking step towards tackling the barriers that ethnic minority business owners face in accessing finance.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that the ethnicity code is implemented, supported and scaled, so that its principles are embedded across the financial sector?
I am aware of the situation.
I reassure the hon.
Lady that the Government are committed to ensuring that firms continue to deliver good customer outcomes, now and in the future, with proportionate regulation and oversight.
I am happy to engage with her in more detail on the subject she mentions.
Will the Chancellor please provide an update on the invaluable Viking CCS project in the Humber?
At the spending review, we were able to build on the investment we had already made in Merseyside and Teesside with Track-1 of carbon capture and storage, and put investment into both the Acorn project in Scotland and Viking CCS in the Humber to support the Government’s ambitions for Britain to lead the way in carbon capture and storage, creating more good jobs in all parts of the country, including in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes.