More than 50% of local authorities are having to overspend on the dedicated schools grant to cover the rising costs of SEND services, and the increasing demand for inter-authority borrowing has pushed up interest rates.
May I urge the Chancellor to consider, as a matter of urgency—even before the Government publish their White Paper on special educational needs and disabilities—introducing a concessionary interest rate, perhaps at the same level as the Public Works Loan Board rate, so that councils do  not have to raise council tax just to serve their interest payments and can spend the money on frontline services instead?
The hon.
Lady, and other Members, will have seen the reference in the spending review to a real-terms uplift in schools spending in every single year of the current Parliament, as well as additional capital investment to help rebuild the schools whose roofs were literally crumbling under the last Conservative Government.
My right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary will publish a Green Paper on SEND reform in the autumn, and we have extended local authorities’ statutory override for SEND education for a further two years while we bring in those reforms.
This Government want to ensure that mainstream schools are more inclusive for all children.
In recent weeks Ministers have been arguing that vital support for the disabled is fiscally unsustainable because it is forecast to rise to £60.7 billion a year by 2029-30.
What assessment has the Chancellor made of the fiscal sustainability of the 107 non-structural tax breaks that are currently costing HMRC £207 billion a year?
As my hon.
Friend will know, in last year’s Budget we got rid of the non-dom tax status, increased capital gains tax, put VAT on private school fees and ended the loophole for private equity, as well as introducing further measures, in order to raise £40 billion.
As a result, we are investing £300 billion more than would have been raised under the plans that we inherited from the Conservative party.
Ours is the only country where— Order.
Oh, all right—fine.
We have to get through these questions.
I call Helen Morgan.
Businesses and individuals in my constituency tell me that the single-biggest factor holding back growth in our rural area is poor public transport.
Shropshire has been poorly served by the bus service improvement plan, and by the spending review’s focus on investment in city areas.
How will the Chancellor improve public transport in rural areas to drive the growth that we so desperately need there?
We are increasing transport investment by 1.9% in real terms after HS2 in every year of the spending review period.
We are also extending the bus fare cap, which is particularly beneficial to rural areas.
I believe that redistribution should be core to everything that we do.
It is core to the toughest decisions that we have had to make, and it is core to our efforts to achieve growth.
Does the Chancellor agree that putting more pounds into the pockets of those with the lowest incomes is the best thing we can do to grow our economy?
The Government agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
At the end of the current Parliament, people will be better off as a consequence of the decisions that this Labour Government are making.
We have already increased the national living wage by 6.7% to benefit 3 million people, while full-time workers are seeing an increase of about £1,400 a year in their wages.
On Friday I had the privilege of visiting LOROS, Leicestershire’s much-respected palliative care charity.
At full capacity it could offer 31 beds to local residents, but sadly, because of the measures that the Chancellor has introduced, such as the national insurance hike, it now operates only 18 beds.
May I ask the Chancellor to look again at softening the impact of her measures, particularly on charities such as LOROS?
I am sure that the relevant Health Minister would be happy to meet representatives of the hospice.
The Health Secretary set out the settlement for hospices at the end of last year to compensate financially for the increases in national insurance, but those increases in national insurance are funding the NHS, which helps fund our hospices.
This Government delivered a record real-terms settlement for Scotland at the spending review, so it was deeply concerning to hear from the Scottish Government last week that there is a £2.6 billion black hole in the public finances, which could see NHS spend reduce by 12%.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the SNP’s long-standing record of fiscal mismanagement must end, and that Scottish Ministers must ensure that the funding gets to the struggling Scottish public services?
This Labour Government in Westminster are delivering for the people of Scotland.
As a consequence of our spending review, Scotland will receive an average of £50.9 billion per year over this Parliament—the largest real-terms increase in funding since devolution began.
The only reason there is a black hole in the budget in Scotland is because of the SNP Government, and the people of Scotland need a new direction with a Labour Government in Scotland.
Representatives of a not-for-profit care company in my constituency feel that the Government are waging war on the care sector.
I met residents and staff at a Sunday lunch at Magna care home, and the managers told me that they cannot recruit locally at all and that, because of the changes to social care visas, they are struggling to recruit internationally.
I know the Government want to build our own workforce, but what are they planning to do to support organisations while we get the training in place, so that we do not see care homes going bust?
On behalf of the House, may I thank social care workers for the service they provide in all our constituencies?
As a result of this Labour Government commitment’s to social workers and the social care system, we will have increased funding for social care by £4 billion by 2028-29 through the local government  settlements, and we will bring forward a fair pay agreement to make sure that there is a fair deal for those people serving our constituents on the frontline.
The main beneficiaries of Brexit have been printers, because of all the extra paperwork that the previous Government created.
The National Audit Office has estimated that their border arrangements have cost us £4.7 billion and rising, and the single trade window will add to the red tape.
Does the Chancellor agree that the best way to reduce the paperwork requirements in the first place is to do a good deal with Europe, and will she update us on her progress on that?
My hon.
Friend will have seen the Prime Minister’s work to reset relations with the EU.
She mentions the single trade window, and it is the Government’s intention to deliver that.
More widely, the Government are committed to minimising the administrative burdens and frictions experienced by businesses trading internationally.
We all  know that there is a difference between welfare cuts and welfare reforms.
These cuts were the maths of Treasury mandarins.
It is the same thinking that saw winter fuel payments taken from pensioners.
Now that the Government have U-turned on both of those, when will they finally back British farming and U-turn on the family farm tax?
The problem with the Conservatives is that they support all the funding, but they do not support any of the ways of funding it.
Agricultural property relief means that estates worth more than £3 million will now be taxed at half the rate at which inheritance tax is usually charged.
That can be repaid over a 10-year period, interest-free.
I think that is the right and fair settlement, given the fiscal environment we face.