Because of his relentless

advocacy and uncanny ability to bring stakeholders together, Tony has

earned the respect and the ear of senior Pentagon leadership, including

Undersecretary of Defense Bill LaPlante, and has played a major role in

pushing the Department of Defense to act more urgently on PFAS cleanup.
Tony has been an advocate his entire life, which can in part be

attributed to the influence of his father, Francis Spaniola, a retired

Army officer who served in the Michigan House of Representatives from

1975 to 1990, representing Corunna in Shiawassee County.
During his

father's tenure in the state legislature, when the toxic flame

retardant polybrominated biphenyls, more commonly known as PBB, was

mistakenly sent to Michigan farmers as livestock feed and entered the

food supply, Tony worked alongside his father at the forefront of

tackling the PBB health crisis.
Together, they initiated legislation

that led to the creation of the Michigan Cancer Registry, regulated

PBB, and compensated farmers for poisoned livestock.
I have had the privilege of bearing witness to Tony's unwavering

passion since I took office in 2019 and remain grateful to have been

able to work with him in our fight to clean up contaminated sites

across Michigan and this country.
In recognition of his extraordinary contributions to our state and

his steadfast advocacy on behalf of impacted families and communities

nationwide, it is my honor to recognize his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MOTAZ AZAIZA

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Motaz Azaiza, a

Palestinian journalist, for his ongoing coverage of the Palestinian

people and his commitment to telling their stories.
Mr. Azaiza has focused his life's work on capturing the daily life of

Palestinians in Gaza.
Since the war began, he has bravely used his

platform to document the ongoing genocide in Gaza and the lives of the

innocent people who have been killed.
Mr. Azaiza's images on the ground

have exposed the war crimes being committed by the Israeli government

for the world to see.
We applaud his efforts and bravery for risking

his life to report on these atrocities.
Please join me in recognizing the numerous contributions of Motaz

Azaiza in the field of journalism

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RABBI BENNETT MILLER

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rabbi Bennett

Miller as he celebrates his 50th year in the Rabbinate.
It is my honor

to join with the members of Anshe Emeth Memorial Temple and the greater

community in celebrating this milestone.
Upon becoming a rabbi in 1974, Rabbi Miller served under Rabbi Harvey

Fields at Anshe Emeth Memorial Temple.
In 1977 he became Senior Rabbi

at Anshe Emeth, where he continued to serve until his retirement in

2018.
Following his retirement, Rabbi Miller became Rabbi Emeritus of Anshe

Emeth Memorial Temple; he also served for one year as the Interim

Senior Rabbi at Temple Emanu-El in Westfield.
He also served as

National Chair of the Association of Reform Zionists of America (ARZA)

and currently serves as Chair of the URJ/ARZA Herzl Society.
As Rabbi

Emeritus, Rabbi Miller provides pastoral guidance and leadership to the

congregation and continues to support Anshe Emeth Memorial Temple's

mission of religious education, spiritual growth, and social action.
Rabbi Miller attended Hebrew Union College--Jewish Institute of

Religion in Cincinnati and earned his Doctor of Ministry degree from

Princeton Theological Seminary.
In 2024, he received the Builders of

Zion Award and in 2023 he was the recipient of Matan's Trail Blazer's

Award.
Despite his retirement, Rabbi Bennett Miller has continued to provide

outstanding rabbinical leadership and contributions to the community.
I

sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating Rabbi

Miller on his 50th year in the Rabbinate and thanking him for his

ongoing service.