Dr. Fedrick has expanded access

and opportunities for students by increasing campus-wide resources.
Dr.

Fedrick has truly lived by the words of Mary McLeod Bethune when she

said that ``We have powerful potential in our youth, and we must have

the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we direct their

power toward good ends.''
Dr. Fedrick has helped all students who have

come through the doors of Albany State during her tenure to direct

their power towards the betterment of humankind.
Dr. Fedrick has truly advanced the University though a variety of

initiatives to include a redesign of the university's academic

colleges, approval of the University System of Georgia's first nexus

degrees and the design and implementation of the University's

integrated student success model.
As a result of her ingenuity and

visionary leadership, the University has achieved a sixteen percent

increase in retention and a six percent increase in enrollment.
Dr. Fedrick is widely respected by her colleagues because of her

enduring commitment to student success, racial and social equity and

the power of community.
She has used her powerful voice to be a

spokesperson for access, equity, and fairness.
Dr. Fedrick has helped

to strengthen the bond between Albany State and the greater Albany

community.
Dr. Fedrick has been associated with and contributed to a

wide variety of initiatives in the University System of Georgia to

include the mental health task force and The Georgia COVID-19 Health

Equity Council.
This initiative helped the Georgia Department of

Community Health to improve its outreach to communities most affected

by the virus.
This ensured the fair distribution and administration of

the COVID-19 vaccine.
Dr. Fedrick has accomplished much in her life but none of it would

have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of

her husband, Horace and her daughter, Grace.
On a personal note, I have worked with many University Presidents

over the years.
Dr. Fedrick has been one of the most effective

presidents that I will have worked with during my time in Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the

765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional District in expressing

our deepest gratitude and best wishes to President Dr. Marion Ross

Fedrick for her dedicated service to Albany State University.
May God

continue to bless her and her family as she enters a new chapter in her

remarkable life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EVERETT HIGH SCHOOL RIFLE TEAM

HON.
JOHN JOYCE

Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

Everett High School Rifle Team on winning the 2024 Pennsylvania

Interscholastic Rifle Championships held in Meyersdale, Pennsylvania.
The discipline, focus, and sportsmanship demonstrated by each member

their character and the exceptional coaching they have received.
Through countless hours of practice and unwavering determination, they

have honed their skills to perfection.
Under the leadership of Coach Coltin Rice, the team has gone

undefeated since 2017.
Their dedication, perseverance, and unwavering

commitment to excellence have propelled them to new heights, setting

the bar even higher for future teams.
On behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 13th Congressional

District, I congratulate the Everett High School Rifle Team, and wish

them every continued success in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HOT SPRINGS WORLD CLASS HIGH SCHOOL EAST TEAM

HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Hot Springs

World Class High School Education Accelerated by Service and Technology

(EAST) team on winning the 2024 Founder's Award at the 2024 EAST

Conference.
This award is given to students who demonstrate a

commitment to EAST's core values of authenticity, innovation,

collaboration, dedication, and service.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that

these students exemplify all of these and more.