Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Hot Springs

World Class High School Education Accelerated by Service and Technology

(EAST) team on winning the 2024 Founder's Award at the 2024 EAST

Conference.
This award is given to students who demonstrate a

commitment to EAST's core values of authenticity, innovation,

collaboration, dedication, and service.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that

these students exemplify all of these and more.
The team's

accomplishment stems from an interactive map they created for the solar

eclipse passing through the state of Arkansas on April 8, 2024.
The map

allows individuals to see all viewing options for this once-in-a-

lifetime event happening across the country.
I am proud of the students

for collaborating with the local community, working as a team, and

accomplishing their goals.
I'm proud to recognize the students on this team and their EAST

facilitator, Ms. Breanna Burris, for all their hard work on this

extraordinary project.
They have not only achieved a prestigious

national award, but they have simultaneously improved the lives of

their peers in Hot Springs.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SEVENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TEXAS LIONS CAMP

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the seventy-fifth

anniversary of the Texas Lions Camp in Kerr County.
The Texas Lions Camp was incorporated as a 501(c)3 by the State of

Texas on April 4, 1949.
The polio epidemic was rampant during this

time, and the Texas Lions were looking for ways to give children

affected by polio a place where they could experience some normalcy in

their lives.
Congress passed two resolutions that authorized the sale

of excess federal land surrounding the Kerrville Veterans Hospital.
One

of my predecessors, Congressman Ovie Clark Fisher, was instrumental in

the passage of this legislation.
Then-Senator Lyndon Baines Johnson was

also an early supporter of Texas Lions Camp.
Mr. Bill Mickelsen, a Lion

from Kerrville, traveled tirelessly to Washington D.C. to advocate for

the ``Texas Lions League for Crippled Children'' camp in Texas.
Mr.

Mickelsen and his friend J.C. ``Buddy'' Murray created a detailed scale

model of the Camp and eventually constructed the buildings.
However, one of the strings attached to the sale of five hundred and

four acres was that the Lions had to raise $100,000 within six months

to guarantee construction.
In pursuit of these dollars, the Lions

established their ``life membership status.''
A Lion was Governor of

Texas at the time, Allan Shivers.
He broadcasted over the radio a call

for donations to the Camp.
Mr. Jack Wiech served as the first president

of Texas Lions Camp in Kerrville.
He went on a speaking tour across the

State to drum up donations.
As the six-month deadline loomed, the Lions

were still $20,000 short of their goal.
Mr. Sealy McCreless of San

Antonio wrote a check that pushed the Lions over their goal for the

Camp fundraiser.
The next step was to begin construction and raise $150,000 to cover

those costs.
The Lions hit the road again for a second fundraising

campaign.
Mr. Herb Petry, the Lions Clubs International president at the time,

said the Camp for special needs children ``is the best example of

Lionism in action.''
Mr. Petry went on to say that ``what is being done

in Kerrville under the banner of Texas Lionism must be pleasing in the

sight of Him Who first taught us to serve, to be our brother's keeper,

and to put the Golden Rule into practice.''
Mr. Mickelsen worked tirelessly for fifteen years to construct the

Texas Lions Camp based on his original small-scale model.
Famous

Kerrville names, including Hal Peterson and Howard Butt of the HEB

Grocery Company, donated resources to round out the construction and

supplies for Camp.
Over the years, the Camp adapted to allow other special-needs

children to participate.
Children living with blindness, hearing and

speaking disorders, and various crippled limbs all enjoyed Texas Lions

Camp together.