His

bravery and resilience in the face of danger touched countless lives

and inspired admiration among his peers.
Beyond his role as a firefighter, Adam was known for his caring heart

and willingness to lend a helping hand.
He found joy in coaching

softball for his children, embodying the values of teamwork and

camaraderie.
A staunch supporter of the Razorbacks, Adam's passion for

sports brought together friends and family in celebration of shared

victories.
In his spare time, Adam found solace in the great outdoors and

enjoyed hunting and fishing.
His presence brought warmth and laughter

to every gathering, especially when surrounded by his family, including

his wife, Esperanza, his children, grandchildren, brother, sister,

nieces, nephews, and a multitude of cherished friends.
As we reflect on Adam's life, let us remember his infectious smile,

his dedication to his community, and his profound impact on all who had

the privilege of knowing him.
May his legacy of kindness and service to

others continue to inspire future generations.
May we honor Adam's memory by embracing the principles of compassion,

unity, and selflessness that defined his life.
Our thoughts and prayers

are with his loved ones during this time of loss.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TONY SPANIOLA

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to an incredible

advocate--Tony Spaniola--whose unwavering commitment and tireless work

have made an indelible mark on his community, the state of Michigan,

and beyond.
In 2016, Tony's world shifted when he learned that his home, and many

others near Lake Huron in Oscoda, Michigan, had been exposed to

contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, more commonly

known as PFAS, a class of chemicals used by industry and, in Oscoda's

case, our military.
At the time, the former Wurtsmith Air Force Base in

Oscoda had been identified as the first site contaminated with PFAS in

Michigan, and the first U.S. military PFAS site in the country.
This revelation ignited a fire within Tony--one fueled by a

determination to confront the threat of these ``forever chemicals.''
Studies have shown PFAS exposure may lead to an increased risk of

cancer, decreased fertility in women, developmental delays in children,

and other health risks.
Tony became a driving force behind efforts to

address PFAS contamination on local, state, and federal fronts.
His leadership was instrumental in the founding of the Need Our Water

(NOW) community action group in Oscoda.
Tony's vision also extended

beyond Michigan, as he co-founded the Great Lakes PFAS Action Network,

and also serves on the leadership team of the National PFAS

Contamination Coalition.
He played a pivotal role in the creation of

the Michigan PFAS Action Response Team, where he currently serves on

the Citizens Advisory Workgroup.
Furthermore, his efforts contributed

to the establishment of the bipartisan Congressional PFAS Task Force of

which I am proud to be a member--a group dedicated to advancing

legislative solutions and raising awareness about the urgent need to

address PFAS contamination nationwide.
Because of his relentless

advocacy and uncanny ability to bring stakeholders together, Tony has

earned the respect and the ear of senior Pentagon leadership, including

Undersecretary of Defense Bill LaPlante, and has played a major role in

pushing the Department of Defense to act more urgently on PFAS cleanup.
Tony has been an advocate his entire life, which can in part be

attributed to the influence of his father, Francis Spaniola, a retired

Army officer who served in the Michigan House of Representatives from

1975 to 1990, representing Corunna in Shiawassee County.
During his

father's tenure in the state legislature, when the toxic flame

retardant polybrominated biphenyls, more commonly known as PBB, was

mistakenly sent to Michigan farmers as livestock feed and entered the

food supply, Tony worked alongside his father at the forefront of

tackling the PBB health crisis.