Her work on how exposure

to minerals--including many mined in Maryland--affect human health has

helped us better safeguard the well-being of the American people.
Whether for the Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. geological

survey, the U.S. Bureau of Mines, or the National Institute for

Occupational Safety and Health, she has made important contributions to

our government's understanding of these issues.
As a Terp, I'm also grateful for her leadership in the University of

Maryland, College Park's administration.
Throughout her distinguished

career, she has served as Interim Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer, Senior Vice President and Provost, Vice President for

Administrative Affairs, Interim Dean of the Graduate School, and many

other vital positions.
My staff and I have had the pleasure of working

closely with Dr. Wylie on many occasions over the years--especially

when she served as Chief of Staff to my friend Dan Mote during his

tenure as the university's president.
Mr. Speaker, we at the University of Maryland, College Park, could

never have known just how lucky we were to have Dr. Wylie join our

community more than a half century ago.
She has propelled the

university and its students to greater heights and leave an indelible

mark on campus.
I ask that all my colleagues join me in wishing my

fellow Terp well as she marks this terrific milestone.
May they also

join me in thanking her for her many years of service and leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING B&B THEATRES

HON.
SAM GRAVES

Mr. GRAVES of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

remarkable journey of B&B Theatres as they mark their centennial

milestone.
As we celebrate the 100th anniversary of B&B Theatres, we

reflect upon a century of enriching experiences, cherished memories,

and cultural contributions in my home state of Missouri, as well as

communities across the U.S.

Beyond its cinematic offerings, B&B Theatres has been a beacon of

community engagement, fostering connections and bringing people

together.
Through partnerships with local organizations, schools, and

charities, B&B Theatres has demonstrated a profound dedication to

giving back to the communities it serves.
Moreover, B&B Theatres has continuously embraced innovation, adapting

to the evolving landscape of the entertainment industry while staying

true to its core values.
From the introduction of state-of-the-art

technology to the enhancement of amenities and services, B&B Theatres

has consistently elevated the moviegoing experience, ensuring that

patrons receive nothing short of excellence.
As we honor the legacy of B&B Theatres on this momentous occasion,

let us extend our heartfelt congratulations to the founders, employees,

and patrons who have contributed to its enduring success.
May the next

century be filled with continued prosperity, innovation, and memorable

experiences for all who walk through the doors of B&B Theatres.
In recognition of its 100 years of unparalleled entertainment and

community service, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

remarkable legacy of B&B Theatres and the profound impact it has had on

our Nation's cultural landscape.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALVIN JOSEPH PICARD, VETERAN OF THE GHOST ARMY, FOR

RECOGNITION WITH THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Alvin

Joseph Picard, a son of South Louisiana who by nature of his service in

World War II has been recognized with the Congressional Gold Medal--the

highest expression of national appreciation through Congress.
Mr. Picard was a native of Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, born on

December 9, 1919.
He grew up amid the Depression and reached adulthood

at a time of national crisis.
When America entered the Second World

War, Mr. Picard enlisted in the United States Army.
He held the rank of

Technician Fifth Grade with Signal Company of the 23rd Headquarters

Special Troops.
This top-secret unit is now known fondly as the ``Ghost

Army.''