In 2024, he received the Builders of

Zion Award and in 2023 he was the recipient of Matan's Trail Blazer's

Award.
Despite his retirement, Rabbi Bennett Miller has continued to provide

outstanding rabbinical leadership and contributions to the community.
I

sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating Rabbi

Miller on his 50th year in the Rabbinate and thanking him for his

ongoing service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ALZHEIMER'S ASSOCIATION 5TH ANNUAL GALA

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Alzheimer's Association on their 5th Annual Gala and thank them for

their work to increase awareness and understanding of this disease and

other related dementias.
I'm grateful for how they empower North Texans

with knowledge and strategies to cope with the complexities of

Alzheimer's disease.
The Dallas and Northeast Texas chapter of the Alzheimer's Association

advocates for those in our community impacted by Alzheimer's disease,

while pushing forward vital research endeavors focused on treatment,

prevention, and finding a cure.
Leading the way in Alzheimer's

research, the association is a critical piece of expediting global

advancements towards ultimately ending the heartbreaking effects of

this disease on individuals and families.
As they celebrate their 5th

anniversary, I sincerely thank the Dallas and Northeast Chapter for

their tireless work in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF DR.
MARION ROSS FEDRICK

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving

wife, dedicated mother, committed community servant, and effective

higher education administrator, Dr. Marion Ross Fedrick.
President Dr.

Fedrick will be honored for her seven years of service at Albany State

University during the annual Blue and Gold Gala that will take place on

Saturday, April 6, 2024.
Dr. Fedrick is leaving the university to

become the new Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff for Georgia

State University.
She will also serve as Special Advisor to Chancellor

Sonny Perdue for his Historically Black Colleges and Universities

Initiative.
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Dr. Fedrick has sought to

better herself through education to serve others.
She is a three-time

graduate of the University of Georgia, earning a bachelor's degree in

adult education, with a concentration in organizational development, a

master's degree in public administration, and a Ph.D. in higher

education.
Because of her commitment to excellence, she has excelled

professionally.
She has given her time and talents to several

organizations to include Clark-Atlanta University, Emory University

Hospitals, State of Georgia Office of State Personnel Administration,

AT&T, and the Former Bell South Corporation.
Dr. Fedrick also served as

the University System of Georgia's Vice Chancellor of Human Resources.
On August 14, 2018, the trajectory of Albany State University changed

forever when Dr. Fedrick was appointed at the 10th President of the

University after serving as Interim President and Executive Vice

President.
It has been said that: ``Education is the passport to the

future, it belongs to those who prepare for it today.''
Dr. Fedrick

used her time at Albany State to prepare thousands of young people to

embrace their futures with confidence.
She has done this by being a

leader who has embraced focusing on the whole being of the student--

academically, socially and spiritually.
Dr. Fedrick has expanded access

and opportunities for students by increasing campus-wide resources.
Dr.

Fedrick has truly lived by the words of Mary McLeod Bethune when she

said that ``We have powerful potential in our youth, and we must have

the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we direct their

power toward good ends.''
Dr. Fedrick has helped all students who have

come through the doors of Albany State during her tenure to direct

their power towards the betterment of humankind.