Exactly as it said it would at the end of the humanitarian pause, Israel has resumed its offensive in Gaza with full force, including an appalling attack on the Médecins Sans Frontières aid convoy.
Official figures estimate that 1,000 Palestinians were killed this weekend alone.
A massive cull of innocent civilians is taking place right now.
It is blatantly obvious that all appeals made by the UK Government and others for Israel to avoid civilian casualties are being ignored.
I wonder just how much this Government regret giving Netanyahu that blank cheque, particularly as millions of displaced people are being squeezed into a wasteland on the Egyptian border and the indiscriminate bombing continues.
At the weekend, the EU’s foreign policy chief, Josep Borrell, echoed Scotland’s First Minister, saying: “The solution can only be political” and “centred on two states.”
And he is correct.
What is holding the UK Government back from officially recognising the state of Palestine, as a fundamental first step to achieving a long-term solution to this awful crisis?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s contribution.
We are painfully aware of the tragic and significant human impact of the miliary operation, especially with regards to civilian casualties.
But the issue should not be simplified to the degree where we forget that Hamas are a terrorist group that are prosecuting atrocities.
We must see the civilian casualties as a product of the terrible conflict resulting from Hamas terrorist  atrocity of  7 October .
We continue to argue very strongly to Israel that military operations must be conducted according to humanitarian law, avoiding civilian casualties.
On the two-state solution, one of the major obstacles is Hamas—a terrorist group committed to the destruction of Israel.
If Hamas were in charge, there would be no two-state solution.
A necessary prerequisite is the evolution of a better form of Palestinian leadership in Gaza.
If the RAF can fly surveillance planes over the Gaza strip in the much-needed search for hostages and to help their release, what is to stop us from flying cargo planes over and parachuting food and medicines to a starving population?
My right hon.
Friend will have heard in my opening statement that a very significant amount of humanitarian aid—74 tonnes—has been delivered via UK aircraft.
We are redoubling our efforts.
Greater utility lies in assessing whether there can be a maritime route to increase humanitarian supplies.