The hon.
Lady, who is my constituency neighbour in some respects, makes an important point in a serious way.
I concur very much on the seriousness of the issue and the challenge that it is presenting to our upper-tier authorities.
As I said, we will of course look in the round at all the pressures being placed on local government to see what we can do to help.
She rightly mentions the rural services delivery grant, which I have championed.
It is very much in my mind to see what we can do during the settlement to address the issue that she raises of the cost disparity of delivering quality services in rural settings, particularly where populations are sparse.
Under the current relative needs assessment formula, the poorest fifth of councils receive about 10% below their assessed needs, while the richest fifth get 15% above them.
That is hardly levelling up, is it, Minister?
A review of the current formula, which is over 10 years old, has been repeatedly postponed.
Meanwhile, local authorities such as Blackburn with Darwen Borough Council could be missing out on thousands or perhaps millions of pounds, which could deliver much-needed services in our town.
When will the review finally take place?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about the formula.
I am tempted to say that if the spectre of covid had not, quite rightly, taken up a huge amount of bandwidth in both central Government and local government, we might have been in a different place.
We can spend an awful lot of time discussing the minutiae of the formula, and there will be a time when that needs to be done.
The crucial task that we have in hand at the current time is to play the cards that we have been dealt, to deliver a settlement that works for local government and to deliver the quality and range of services that all our communities, irrespective of where they are in the country, have a legitimate expectation to receive.
We are not making terribly fast progress this afternoon.
Could everyone who has their question written down cut out the bit at the beginning and just ask the question?
This is not speech time; it is Question Time, so let us just have questions.
If we get short questions, we can get short answers, too.
Local government finance has been front and centre of our local news given the stark situation in Nottingham.
The Minister  will know about Nottingham’s unique circumstances following decades of poor decisions and mismanagement, but it will not be lost on him that the whole sector is under significant pressure.
I know that he will make the case about finances to the Treasury, but the Government could help significantly by allowing more flexibility in the system.
Will he work with colleagues around Government to help us to remove ringfences, particularly in areas, such as public health and transport, in which we could make better decisions if we had more freedom to do so?
I am not going to give a running commentary on the situation in Nottingham, save to say that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I keep it under close review.
On my hon.
Friend’s wider point about trust and liberalisation, his call falls on open ears.
I am happy to work with anybody who wants to ensure that our local authorities can stand up and deliver, as long as they accept accountability and responsibility for the decisions they take.
The Government have a proud record on working in a relationship of trust with our local councillors and councils in order to deliver for people up and down the land.