It would be easy for us to prejudge and second-guess political outcomes in the west bank or indeed in Gaza, but we will not do that.
What we would seek post-conflict is a democratic renaissance of the ability of Palestinians to represent themselves and govern themselves responsibly, and we must not prejudge or second-guess that.
Like many other Members, I have constituents who are British citizens and whose families are trapped in Gaza and desperate for humanitarian visas.
One constituent who wrote to me at the weekend said that her 79-year-old mother had been displaced nine times and was now in Rafah.
She and her brothers and sisters, who are British citizens and senior professionals, say that they do not want state funds because they can support their family, but surely they can bring their family—my constituent’s 79-year-old mother, her sister and her sister’s six-month-old baby—to the United Kingdom in order to look after them.
What can I tell these people about humanitarian visas, and will the Minister lean on the Home Office to address the question of issuing humanitarian visas?
I note the hon.
and learned Lady’s question with interest.
Given that she has cited a specific case—that of her constituent with links to Rafah—we can pursue it individually if she furnishes us with the details.
With the humanitarian pause now closed, the nightmare is back for the remaining hostages and their families, for the Palestinians in desperate need of aid, and also for all citizens on both sides who are fearful of what falls from the skies.
However, with no timeline and no clear plan, the next chapter is likely to be darker and more deadly.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Israel will not, indeed cannot, resolve the humanitarian, governance and security issues alone?
The international community has a vital role to play, not least to avoid escalation, so would the UK consider co-hosting an international summit with the United States and other stakeholders to begin the discussions that will start to resolve the bigger issues?
The international dimension is critical, and what is not in doubt is our ability and our intent to use our international diplomatic network and our connections across the region—because the regional approach is hugely important in this context.
We will endeavour to use our connections throughout the Gulf states and the rest of the middle east, and internationally, to seek a just and long-term solution.
What I want, what my constituents want and what the whole country wants is to stop killing children, stop killing civilians.
They do not know who is the best person or group of people to do that, but for God’s sake, someone stop this killing of children.
The images we have seen of civilian deaths have of course been acutely painful.
We continue to use our relationship with Israel to ensure that it is restrained in terms of its application of force, and we are also forthright in our absolute condemnation of the terrorist atrocity perpetrated by Hamas and the grotesque effect that it has had on Israelis of all ages.
Despite the humanitarian pause, the majority—137 hostages—are still held by the terrorists in Gaza.
Of those, two are children, 10 are over 75 and 20 are female, and there are 11 foreign nationals.
Clearly the negotiations with these terrorists broke down over the weekend, so what action is the FCDO taking to ensure that the hostages are freed and returned to their families?
That is at the front and centre of our diplomatic effort internationally.
Obviously there is a complex web of negotiation effort on which I will not comment in detail, but we are painfully conscious of the need to exert all our institutional effort to bring those people home safely.
The humanitarian crisis in Gaza is unspeakable, with 1.8 million people now displaced, 33,000 injured—and the number of hospital beds down to about 1,400 and dropping—and more than 15,000 dead.
My constituent Noura has lost her brother and nephew, who were blown up in their home after they went back when they thought it was safe to do so.
Her sister-in-law has lost her limbs, and two other children are in hospital in intensive care.
I need to ask the Minister these questions.
What is the plan for humanitarian visas?
What is the plan for safe zones, and how serious is it?
What is the plan for people who have lost their homes, their family members, and their limbs?
What is the plan, seriously, to work with international allies towards a permanent ceasefire, the release of hostages, and a proper political solution?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point about the impact on hospitals.
That is why we have tripled our aid.
We are focused on channelling it through the UN agencies that can most effectively help people in hospitals, whether by the provision of fuel or other supplies.
That is the groundwork that we hope will eventually unlock the political phase to improve the solution.
It is humanitarian first, with the politics in tandem, which we are also doing.
The sexual violence meted out by Hamas on  7 October  was horrendous.
In the second half of last month, a number of Members on both sides of the House received details passed on by a doctor in Nasser Hospital in Khan Yunis, who said that three of his children and three of his grandchildren were among the 45 men, women and children in his house who had all been destroyed that afternoon while he was working a hospital shift.
We are piling misery on misery, so as one former infantry soldier to another, I ask my hon.
Friend to make sure that the British Government renew their plea for the greatest possible precision in pursuit of the terrorists so that we do not lose more civilian lives in that way.
My hon.
Friend speaks with experience and knowledge, and we are making exactly those pleas to our Israeli colleagues.
Eight weeks after the unjustifiable murder of Jewish people in Israel and the countless rapes of Israeli and Jewish women, is the Minister disappointed that the United Nations women’s group made the most facile and mealy-mouthed statement that did not even use the word “rape” in describing what had happened?
Will he use his and the Government’s influence to draw to the attention of the United Nations the importance of getting on side on this issue and condemning sexual violence against women and the rape of women?
Just because they are Jews does not mean that they do not matter, and that point should be made to the United Nations over and over again.
Of course these reports are shocking and we certainly condemn it.
Rape is rape, and we must call it out.
The more details we learn of the barbaric attacks of  7 October  and the treatment of the victims, especially the women, the more horrific it becomes.
One can only imagine the sheer anguish that the families of the victims go through on a daily basis as more information comes out, so can my hon.
Friend tell me what humanitarian support is being provided to the families of the victims of Hamas?
That is a terribly good question.
A large proportion of our tripled humanitarian aid budget of £60 million will be channelled through UNICEF and the other two UN agencies, UNRWA and OCHA, and a large proportion of it will support women affected by conflict.
I am sorry, but I must press the Minister because I do not feel that he has answered the question on what the Government’s strategy is, particularly the political strategy.
We all feel this so strongly: no child should ever be the target of a terrorist or in any conflict, so what is the Government’s political strategy to protect the lives of children?
Our strategy is to exert all efforts to bring about peace.