A report from the all-party parliamentary group on democracy and the constitution has found that the photo voter ID scheme creates a real risk of injustice and potential discrimination.
The report highlighted the case of an  immunocompromised woman who was denied her right and her voice at the local elections after being told that she needed to take off her mask.
Does the Minister agree that denying someone a say in how their community is run because of a disability is completely unacceptable?
Can he confirm that any indications of potential discrimination found in the photo voter ID system will be dealt with prior to the next set of elections?
The hon.
Lady raises a serious point, and let me put it on record that I would be happy to meet her and the APPG to discuss their issues and concerns.
We have made great strides—there is a specific workstream—in ensuring we maximise how those who have a disability can vote and do so in a free and unfettered way, and we will continue with that.
I am very sorry to hear about the case the hon.
Lady raises, but if she wishes to write to me on the issue, I will of course look into it in my discussions with the commission.
It is absolutely pivotal that, in all we do with regard to our election rules, access to voting—freedom to vote—is absolutely at the heart of it, and as the Minister responsible for elections, I shall guarantee that.
Right, I am going to issue a challenge to the House.
We have  10 topical questions and others to get through, we have very little time to do it—and we have a lot of business today—and I would not like Mr Speaker to think that we are going slowly just because he is not here: short questions, short answers!
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
At the autumn statement, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer made available to my Department money for investment in London, Cambridge and Leeds, planning capacity and capability, the local authority housing fund, the local housing allowance, home buying and selling and the affordable homes guarantee scheme—quite a coup.
Brilliant.
I think I got most of that.
Newport West is home to a thriving and inclusive Muslim community, and I pay tribute to the multi-faith work being done to bring our communities together after the terrible events in the middle east.
Can the Minister outline what discussions he has had with the Welsh Government about supporting this multi-faith work, and about eradicating Islamophobia in Wales and the UK once and for all?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady.
Of course, Newport is one of many cities and towns where there is effective working between representatives of Muslim communities and figures in local government more widely.
I had the opportunity to discuss some of these issues with the First Minister of Wales at the British-Irish Council just 10 days ago, but there is much more that we need to do to deal with anti-Muslim hatred.
Over the summer, the Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety, my hon.
Friend the Member for North East Derbyshire (Lee Rowley) published a non-binding code of practice for cladding remediation works, following intensive discussions with him, and also my highlighting the devasting case of St Francis Tower.
Will he update the House on how in practice that non-binding code of practice is working?
Has it led to improved behaviour and been a step forward, and has he considered further my view that perhaps that code of practice needs to be legally binding?
My hon.
Friend was a driving force behind that code of practice, and we are monitoring it actively.
Anecdotally I am seeing fewer issues, although there are still some.
I would be happy to receive from him and other Members of the House any information or evidence that suggests there is still a problem.
The cost to councils of delivering services will exceed their core funding by £2 billion this year.
Newcastle expects a funding gap of £56 million, following £369 million of Conservative cuts to funding and years of Conservative economic failure.
Can my constituents rely on council services under a Conservative Government?
They certainly cannot rely on a Labour Government, because the Leader of the Opposition just this morning has been talking about his admiration for Margaret Thatcher and cost cutting.
I am afraid all the hon.
Lady is doing is raising false hopes that have no chance of being satisfied under a Labour Government.
My interest is in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Why is it Government policy to deny a landlord and tenant the ability to agree a mutually convenient fixed-term tenancy?
Fixed-term tenancies can trap tenants into poor-quality homes, and trap landlords into long-term tenancies with bad tenants.
With the abolition of section 21 of the Housing Act 1988, we no longer see such things as necessary, but I am happy to work with my right hon.
Friend to ensure that the Renters (Reform) Bill works for his constituents.