That is exactly our strategy.
It is to use diplomatic efforts in concert with humanitarian efforts to bring about a situation whereby diplomacy can take effect and the foundations can be laid of a long-term peace.
We are clearly not there yet, and it will require a huge amount of diplomatic effort right across the region and a close relationship with many parties.
That is something to which we can bring a great deal of expertise and utility.
What actions have the Government implemented to integrate their approach to preventing atrocities into the UK’s foreign and development policy?
How have they involved the Office for Conflict, Stabilisation and Mediation’s mass atrocity prevention hub in risk assessing Israel’s actions in Gaza?
Those issues are woven into the fabric of our diplomacy, and they are hugely important in all our work across the middle east, and nowhere more so than the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The Committee to Protect Journalists has said that 57 Palestinian journalists have been killed in the Gaza strip since  7 October .
It says this is the worst period for the killing of journalists since it started keeping records in 1992.
Does that not illustrate the wholly indiscriminate nature of what is being done by the Israel Defence Forces?
Will the Minister impress upon the Netanyahu Government the complete unacceptability of this situation?
I do not accept the right hon.
Gentleman’s description of it being “wholly indiscriminate”, but of course I take seriously his comment about 57 journalists having been killed.
That is tragic, but I take issue with his characterisation of it being “wholly indiscriminate”.
Of course we make representations to Israel to constrain and focus its operations, and we will continue to do so.
Like so many Members, I again received hundreds of emails this weekend from my constituents who are appalled and horrified at the continuing killing of innocent Palestinian men, women and children.
They want the killing to stop, so will the Minister condemn the acts of violence and extremism by Israeli settlers in the west bank and call on the Israeli authorities to prevent settler violence, to ensure accountability for perpetrators and to condemn extremist rhetoric?
This Government are on record—I said it in my statement—in condemning settler violence in the west bank, but we must be very clear that this military operation is under way in Gaza because of the terrorist atrocity carried out by Hamas on  7 October .
That is the terrible and tragic truth.
Over 15,000 civilians have now been killed in Gaza, and Israel’s military operations have not abated following the pause in fighting.
What specific requests are the Government making to their Israeli counterparts to stop the killing?
When the Minister says a ceasefire is “premature”, it sounds like a tacit acceptance that the disproportionate and indiscriminate destruction of civilian areas is a legitimate means of Israel pursuing its war aims.
A ceasefire would only be possible if Hamas had not stated their intent to wipe Israel off the map and to perpetrate another atrocity of the nature of  7 October .
We are arguing for a humanitarian pause to allow de-escalation and the further flow of humanitarian aid.
I echo the calls for a long-term political solution to this dreadful conflict, and for an end to the international community, including this Government, consigning it to the “too  difficult” pile.
In the absence of the permanent ceasefire that I am sure we all want to see, does the Minister recognise, and will he reinforce, the warnings from the United States and others that Israel’s actions in Gaza must be proportionate, otherwise they are in clear breach of international law, as the comprehensive evidence from multiple agencies working on the ground in Gaza strongly suggests?
I am sure he cares deeply about humanitarian issues, so will he join me in saying that sending texts or QR codes to advise people to evacuate a war zone, when there is no internet and no power to charge phones, is wholly inadequate and cannot protect civilians and save innocent lives?
We have called and continue to call on Israel to abide by international humanitarian law—that is not in doubt.
Its military response must be proportionate, and we continue to argue strongly that it should show constraint in its pursuit of Hamas’s terrorist operatives embedded in the Gaza strip.