The Secretary of State must be looking at different data from that which I am looking at.
I know he does not like experts, but I have hope that, as Christmas approaches, he will have a Pauline conversion—he will see a flash of light, fall off his camel and realise that, in order to level up expertly and well, he needs local authorities on the ground to deliver those policies.
Will he please reconsider his attitude to local government in this country?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member.
As the Minister for Local Government has just reminded me, when Saul was on the road to Damascus he was not actually travelling on a camel.
Improving transport links with a new mass transit system for Leeds is critical to the programme that we undertaking.
We are working with local authorities in Leeds; we are working with the Mayor of West Yorkshire, Tracy Brabin, and with the chief executive of Leeds City Council, Tom Riordan.
Moreover, in Kirklees we are investing £65 million through round 3 of the levelling-up fund, with a new open market to provide regeneration in Huddersfield and, of course, the upgrade of the Penistone line, for which my hon.
Friends the Members for Dewsbury (Mark Eastwood) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates) have been such brilliant advocates.
I, too, convey to Mr Speaker a “Get well soon” message.
In addition to the amenities in Yorkshire and elsewhere in the north, there is a wonderful real ale pub called The Bell Inn at Pensax, in the north of the Malvern Hills.
May I put on the record my strong endorsement of its bid to the community ownership fund?
It sounds as if that particular inn, in the heart of Elgar country, is something behind which all of us on the Front Bench can rally.
It sounds like an excellent candidate for the community ownership fund, which has seen scores of buildings taken back into public ownership by their communities for the benefit of all.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of antisemitism.
Tragically, we have seen a significant increase in antisemitism since the events of  7 October .
The Community Security Trust recorded 1,500 antisemitic incidents between  7 October  and  22
November , the highest total in a 47-day period since records began in 1984 .
Despite the first-hand accounts of survivors such as Yoni Saadon and organisations such as ZAKA—whose members collected the bodies following the Palestinian terror attack of  7 October , and have described mutilated genitals and women’s bodies having been so badly abused that their pelvises were broken—there are some in the pro-Palestinian movement who continue to deny that these atrocities took place.
Whether we are talking about dead babies or gender-based violence against Jewish women, it appears that Jews do not matter.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this risks fuelling further the antisemitism that we have seen in this country since those attacks?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the events of  7 October  were uniquely horrific.
It was an exercise in calculated, premeditated sadism which everyone in the House condemns.
However, as my hon.
Friend says, some voices, including some prominent media voices, have considered it appropriate to cavil, to question and to prevaricate in the face of this violence.
It is vitally important for us to recognise—even as we recognise that all life is precious, and even as we recognise that it is vital for us to do what we can to minimise casualties in this conflict—that the events of  7 October  stand out as the biggest slaughter of Jewish civilians since the holocaust, and for that reason there can be no quibbling when we face such a transparent evil.
I agree with everything that was said by the previous questioner.
Could the Secretary of State engage with his opposite number in the Department for Education and argue for the promotion of education about the events of the holocaust?
I have believed for a long time that one of the reasons behind the increase in antisemitism, notwithstanding recent events, is the fact that the holocaust is now slipping from memory into history, and we need to perpetuate the analysis and grasp of that particular period of history.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and it gives me an opportunity to thank the Holocaust Educational Trust, which enjoys support across the House.
The work done by its chief executive, Karen Pollock, is exemplary.
As the hon.
Gentleman rightly points out, as the voices of survivors fade and the holocaust moves from memory to history, it is vital that we ensure that every successive generation appreciates the unique evil of that event, the origins of antisemitism and the need to be vigilant against its recrudescence.