My right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
All of us approach any conflict with a sense of horror and foreboding for what it may mean for innocent civilians, and it is in that spirit that the vigil that he mentions was held.
It was great to see people from across communities expressing solidarity.
I had the opportunity last week to talk to leaders from various Muslim community groups across the United Kingdom, and I pay tribute to them for their work in challenging extremism of all kinds.
If we are to tackle the reality of antisemitism in the present, it is vital that we learn from the past.
In the summer of 1945, 300 Jewish children who had survived the death camps in Nazi Germany made their lives and were rehabilitated on the banks of Windermere lake at Troutbeck Bridge.
They are affectionately and proudly known by all of us as the Windermere boys.
As we work together to celebrate their legacy, and to use that legacy to ensure that we fight antisemitism in every part of our country, will the Secretary of State meet me and the people involved with the project to discuss how we can build a lasting memorial to the legacy of those wonderful young children who built a new life in this country and overcame the horrors of Nazi Germany?
I am really grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for reminding us of that episode in our history, and I would be absolutely delighted to work with him to ensure that that signal moment in our history is properly celebrated.
It has been a feature of the United Kingdom that we have always recognised the importance of standing up against antisemitism and providing refuge to those fleeing persecution, so I look forward to talking to him in due course.
The London Borough of Havering has now reversed the appalling decision it made last week to cancel its Hanukkah festivities for the Jewish community.
It is impossible to imagine any local authority in the country trying to cancel the annual celebrations of any other faith group.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that all local authorities  should be careful to avoid any such rash action at this sensitive time, and that they should use intelligence and common sense in their decisions?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely correct.
I understand that the London Borough of Havering has now reversed its decision, but it seems to me that it was based on a misconception, which is that the idea of the celebration of any faith should be seen as provocative at this time.
We know that there are individual Jewish citizens who feel uncomfortable wearing the kippah or any outward symbol of their faith, and to have a London borough saying that the menorah should not be lit because it would be provocative at this time is wholly wrong.
Freedom of religion—the chance for us all to express our faith—is fundamental to British values, and he is right to say that other local authorities should not go down that same route.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
On  Monday 20 November  we announced that a further £1 billion will be invested in 55 projects across Great Britain, from Bolton to Elgin, and from Newcastle to Rhyl.
In the third round we have targeted funding at places across Great Britain that are most in need, as assessed through our levelling-up needs metrics.
We have also ensured the best possible regional spread of projects, so that every part of Great Britain benefits from the fund over its lifetime.
Further details are set out in a published methodology note.
With new money helping Pembrokeshire County Council to regenerate Haverfordwest town centre, with community ownership funding enabling the villagers of Hayscastle Cross to save their local pub, and with new investment in Visit Pembrokeshire to improve accessibility for tourists visiting the county, does the Minister agree that, compared with the clunky, difficult-to-access EU funding schemes, these new pots of levelling-up money are being distributed far more effectively to all parts of the United Kingdom?
My right hon.
Friend is right that the efforts we are making in Pembrokeshire, in part thanks to him and other Members of Parliament for the county, demonstrate levelling up in action in his part of Wales.
I am delighted to continue working with him on that.
Does the Minister agree that Clwyd South’s £13.3 million of levelling-up projects in the Trevor basin, Llangollen and Corwen, which I recently visited, and the newly announced £160 million investment zone for Wrexham, Clwyd South and Flintshire are shining examples of the effectiveness of levelling up galvanising investment and activity in north-east Wales?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for his constituents in Clwyd South, and for constituents in Shropshire as well.
I completely agree that the £13.3 million investment from the levelling-up fund will protect a valuable heritage site for north Wales, an area enjoyed by locals, while encouraging visitors to stay longer and spend more in local shops, cafés and campsites.
The recently announced investment zone in Wrexham and Flintshire also demonstrates our commitment to levelling up investment in research, innovation and support for economic development in the region.
My local council has sadly been unable to attract any levelling-up funding or community renewal funding into North Norfolk.
As I have repeatedly requested in this place, I need just £3 million for a roundabout at the top of Holway Road in Sheringham, but £3 million is too small for a levelling-up bid and too much for Norfolk County Council.
In the spirit of Christmas, how can the Minister give me a present of £3 million for a roundabout in North Norfolk?
I wish I could give my hon.
Friend a Christmas present.
I recognise his work, campaigning on behalf of the people of Sheringham for the improvement of the A148 Holway Road junction.
I know he is already engaging closely with Norfolk County Council on the project.
The £600 million investment fund, agreed through the Norfolk county deal, will provide the county council with the local means to fund exactly this sort of project, with the first tranche of funding due to be available next year.
If there is anything further I can do, I would be delighted to work with him and with colleagues in the Department for Transport to progress this project.