The latest Government figures highlight that a record 139,000 children—children!—are in temporary accommodation in the lead-up to Christmas, which is a 14% increase.
Meanwhile, only 9,500 homes for social rent were built last year.
If we take into account all the homes built since 2010, that is minus 14,000 each year.
Does the Minister regret handing back £1.9 billion of unspent departmental money to the Treasury last year, given that we are in an urgent housing crisis?
Why not adopt Labour’s plan to get Britain building again, with 1.5 million homes over that parliamentary period?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that our target is 300,000 homes per year which, when multiplied by five, equals 1.5 million.
In the autumn statement we had three measures to address the challenges of temporary accommodation: we uprated the local housing allowance to the 30th percentile; there is a new £120 million for a homelessness fund; and an extra £450 million for the local authority housing fund.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Stoke-on-Trent City Council should invest its share of the £200 million that it recently secured from the National Lottery Heritage Fund on one of the three beautiful “beasts” of Burslem, including the indoor market, in order to regenerate the mother town, for which the leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council is a local ward councillor?
It is fantastic that Stoke-on-Trent has been chosen as one of the 20 places to benefit from the National Lottery Heritage Fund’s £200 million investment in the Heritage Places initiative.
The fund will make its funding decisions under that initiative and independent from Government.
However, I am sure that the National Lottery has heard my hon.
Friend’s loud cry for Burslem, and I am sure it will look at it favourably.
Sacha from Kempston, Bedford, is one of an increasing number of freeholders who are afflicted by estate maintenance charges.
Will the Secretary of State commit to a review into the role of those excessive, unpredictable and often opaque fees and insurance costs that not only treat mostly new homeowners as cash cows, but are putting their homes at risk?
That is a very important point, and yes, we are on it.
The Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft enterprise zone, which was set up in 2012, has been very successful.
With no investment zones in the east of England, will my hon.
Friend meet my right hon.
Friend the Member for Great Yarmouth (Sir Brandon Lewis) and me to consider how best the enterprise zone can be enhanced, so that it can continue to create jobs in the low-carbon energy sector?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Great Yarmouth.
We have no plans at present to amend enterprise zones, but I am keen to ensure that their constituents continue to reap the rewards of levelling up, including the £100 million of investment for Sizewell C and freeport east, which will generate thousands of jobs across his region in new low-carbon technology.
Caius House is a small youth charity in Battersea that leases a space in a multi-use high-rise building that includes residential dwellings.
Despite its having state-of-the-art fire alarm systems, the charity faces huge waking watch costs.
As the Building Safety Act 2022 does not protect registered charities, such as Caius House, will the Secretary of State look into this case?
Will he seek to bring forward legislation to protect charities from high costs due to fire safety remediation work?
I think we responded to a written question on this matter just a few months ago, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to talk about it in more detail, if there still is a problem.
I am not aware of one at the moment.
Horsham is suffering severe water stress and is subject to water neutrality.
Does the Minister agree that mitigations should be thorough, evidenced and monitored?
I absolutely agree.
Water neutrality is impacting on small parts of the country, but it needs to be dealt with seriously and proportionately by statutory consultees, and then with a can-do attitude from councils where appropriate.
Does the Minister agree that young people leaving care after their 18th birthday should get more help to get their first home?
Will he back my campaign that I am running with Barnado’s and Plymouth care leavers for a deposit scheme for care leavers and a rent guarantee scheme, because every single care leaver leaving local authority care deserves a good, decent and safe first home?
I know the hon.
Gentleman has done a significant amount of work on this matter within Plymouth, and I know that my colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions are doing a significant amount of work, too, and I would be happy to meet him to talk more about the matter.
Sadly, a second homeless person died over the weekend.
The number of rough sleepers is increasing, and the temperatures are falling.
Will my hon.
Friend take immediate action to ensure that rough sleepers are provided with a decent place to sleep, particularly during this cold weather?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Clearly, the death in Manchester was tragic.
Local authorities can activate the severe weather emergency protocol measures.
Manchester did activate those, but sadly the man was not known to local services.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, and we will do everything to support rough sleepers over the winter period.
The Government announced in the autumn statement £120 million of new money for homeless prevention for next year, but that is just a drop in the ocean, with Enfield Council alone facing a £9.8 million overspend on temporary accommodation for this year.
When will this Government recognise the scale of the crisis and provide top-up funding for the homelessness prevention grant and discretionary housing payments?
I remind the hon.
Lady that our total package for homelessness and rough sleeping over three years is £2 billion.
The £120 million is in addition to that, but I agree with her that there are real pressures on homelessness, particularly in London, and that is why there were three measures in the autumn statement.
It is now 10 weeks since the bins were emptied in Warrington.
A national pay dispute has spilled over into a local disagreement.
Does the Minister agree that it is now urgent that Labour-run Warrington Borough Council gets round the table with the unions and finds an urgent agreement, before the situation turns into a health emergency?
Absolutely.
Again and again, we find that Labour-run local authorities, despite their much-vaunted relationship with trade unions, are incapable of resolving these disputes.
Whether in Birmingham or Warrington, Labour must do better, otherwise working people suffer.
On public services, City of York Council area comes 152 out of 152 when it comes to public funding.
As a result, services are now having to be cut in the area, as the council has £55 million less than when we last had a Labour Government.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that fair funding stretches across all public services when looking at the new funding formula?
We are absolutely committed to making sure that local authorities receive the resources they need.
Having had conversations with the leader of City of York Council, I appreciate the constraints under which it is operating, and we hope to be able to say more in the local government finance settlement.
I have spoken to Ministers about the work of organisations such as Fromehall Mill and the Sub Rooms, and we have been down to Berkeley town.
With them in mind, when will the next round of announcements about the community ownership fund be made?
I am delighted to confirm to my hon.
Friend that the next round of the community ownership fund opens this week, on  6 December .
We will have the outcomes of the last window in the coming weeks, but I know that she is very keen on Fromehall Mill and Berkeley Books, which she has been championing.
The announcement that Edinburgh airport is for sale comes hard on the heels of the announcement last week that Grangemouth is closing the oil refinery.
What can the Secretary of State say to reassure my constituents in Edinburgh West that everything possible has been done to ensure that this does not undermine the green enterprise zone in the area?
The hon.
Lady does a fantastic job of standing up for her constituents in Edinburgh West, and she is absolutely right: the UK Government should be, and are, working with the Scottish Government and private sector partners in order to ensure that sustainable growth continues to be part of the plan for Edinburgh and the wider Lothian region.
It is clear that the Government are planning to protect councils during the transition to the new planning system, and are not planning to force councils into having an out-of-date  plan by taking away their right to submit a new, up-to-date plan.
Can the Secretary of State help me get this across to my local Lib Dem-run council, which is saying the exact opposite?
I had the great pleasure of visiting Harborough on Friday, when I was able to see the enormously high regard with which my hon.
Friend is held.
Unfortunately, that high regard does not extend to Oadby and Wigston Borough Council or Harborough  District Council—two Liberal Democrat authorities that are playing fast and loose with the planning system, and which are not putting in place the protection that their residents deserve.
All too often we find that Liberal Democrat local authorities do not have plans in place, do not have planning departments that work, and let their residents down.
The Liberal Democrats are the enemies of good housing policy, and that is why we need to make sure that Conservatives are in power in local government.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State to make a statement regarding the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
A tragedy is unfolding in the middle east.
Israel has suffered the worst terror attack in its history, and Palestinian civilians are experiencing a devastating and growing humanitarian crisis.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear, last week’s agreement was a crucial step towards providing relief to the families of the hostages and addressing the humanitarian emergency in Gaza.
This pause has provided an opportunity to ensure that much greater volumes of food, fuel and other lifesaving aid can enter Gaza.
On  24 November , the British Government announced a further £30 million-worth of humanitarian assistance, tripling our existing aid budget for the Occupied Palestinian Territories this financial year and bringing it to a total of £60 million.
During the pause, the fourth UK aircraft, carrying 23 tonnes of humanitarian aid for Gaza, arrived in Egypt, bringing the total amount of UK humanitarian aid provided by British aircraft to 74 tonnes.
That aid is now being dispersed to the United Nations to support critical food, water, health, shelter and protection needs in Gaza, and to pre-position emergency supplies in the region.
We are also actively exploring other aid routes, including by sea.
The pause that ended last week was a crucial step towards providing relief to the families of the hostages and addressing the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
We have said repeatedly that we would like to see an extension.
UK humanitarian funding will continue to support trusted partners to provide humanitarian assistance, and negotiate humanitarian access, in Gaza.
The UK will continue, in conjunction with our international partners, to advocate internationally on humanitarian priorities.
These include respect for international humanitarian law, the need for fuel, humanitarian access, humanitarian pauses and an increase in the types of assistance.
We are urgently exploring all diplomatic options to increase that, including urging Israel to open other existing land borders, such as Kerem Shalom.
We welcome the intensive international co-operation, including efforts from Qatar and the USA, which led to the agreement, and we thank partners for their continued work.
We remain committed to making progress towards a two-state solution.
Britain’s long-standing position on the middle east peace process is clear: we support a negotiated settlement leading to a safe and secure Israel living alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
The UK will continue to work with all partners in the region to reach a long-term political solution that enables both Israelis and Palestinians to live in peace.
Given recent events, it is surprising and regrettable that neither the Prime Minister nor the Foreign Secretary is making a statement today.
The reality is that this conflict has sadly reached another phase, and many more innocent lives will be lost if we do not act now.
We  urge the Government to continue to push for another cessation of hostilities and for all remaining hostages to be freed.
To be clear, Israel must not besiege or blockade Gaza.
It must comply with international law and protect innocent lives and civilian infrastructure, and ensure that attempts to address the humanitarian catastrophe are ramped up quickly.
In the last few days, partners on the ground have become increasingly concerned about the safe zone at al-Mawasi, with reports suggesting that aid is not reaching those who are there.
Have the Government held talks with Israel and others to ensure that it does, and to seek assurances that Palestinians who fled there not will not be moved further still?
The Minister will know that that is a key concern of Arab states.
Shelters are severely overcrowded, dysentery is spreading, and the risk of cholera is now significant.
That must be mitigated now.
Is there is serious plan to deal with sewage and to distribute medicine and vaccines?
It is winter in Gaza, where nearly 2 million people are displaced; many are in tents or in the open air.
I urge the Minister again to follow the US’s lead and appoint a humanitarian co-ordinator to get the trucks moving more quickly, to get fuel in and to work towards the opening of Karem Shalom.
The UK and partners must redouble efforts towards an enduring cessation of hostilities and a lasting political solution.
Israel must be assured that Hamas cannot carry out an attack like  7 October  ever again.
But, to build a lasting peace, we must assure a generation of Palestinians that there is hope: that they, their children and their grandchildren can expect the security and opportunity that is their right, with a plan for children both to prevent their deaths and to prioritise their lives, and a clear message that there can be no reoccupation or reduction of Gazan territory and that those displaced have the right to return home.
I urge the Government to play their part in ending the illegal settlements and settler violence in the west bank and to create a plan for the reconstruction and renewal of Gaza.
We must do more without delay to deal with the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in front of us as we simultaneously work towards a better future.
Many more lives will be lost if we do not act now.
I am grateful for my counterpart’s constructive tone.
We are in agreement: we are pushing for a further pause, which we regard as imperative.
The success, as it were, of the last one showed the utility of a pause in terms of the increased flow of humanitarian support, and we continue to strain every sinew in our diplomacy to aim for that.
The Foreign Secretary made that argument to his various ministerial colleagues last week and will continue to do that with his counterpart and ministerial counterparts right across the middle east.
The hon.
Member mentioned the safe zone.
We continue to monitor that, and officials in the region are seeing how it unfolds with regard to the humanitarian impact.
She is right to draw the House’s attention to the grievous humanitarian impact of disease.
We are confident that channelling our funds through the UN agencies—the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, the Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs and UNICEF—is the right way to go about that, but the scale of increase of need is hugely alarming, and we are painfully aware that women and children often bear the  most unfortunate brunt of such impacts.
I assure her that we are redoubling efforts.
Clearly, our financial contribution has tripled, but that goes in hand with our political efforts, because it is only through a lasting peace, which she referred to, that this will be resolved.
The humanitarian component is of utmost urgency, but we must not forget the political component, which runs in tandem.
Our stance on the illegal settlements in the west bank and our long-standing support for a sustainable solution with Palestinian statehood at the heart of the region’s future are undiminished.
In addition to our humanitarian efforts, in our political and diplomatic efforts we will continue to argue for Palestinian statehood as the seed for a long-term solution in the region.