I am sure it will be very soon.
The idea that settlements are the reason there is not a two-state solution is just complete and utter tosh.
The reason there is not a two-state solution is that Hamas seek the total genocide and ethnic cleansing of the state of Israel.
They seek to murder every single Jew.
They used the most awful sexual violence against women on  7 October , some reports of which we read in shocking detail in The Times this weekend.
There has not been a word from either Dispatch Box so far about the information on the abuse of the hostages who have been released, or a condemnation of the violence.
That is why there has not been a two-state solution.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will continue to stay strong and support Israel in all its activities to root out this murderous terrorist cult?
I do not know if my hon.
Friend heard my previous answer, in which I said that a principal blockage to a two-state solution were Hamas themselves.
They are a terrorist group who have committed the most heinous terrorist acts.
We therefore continue to be supportive of Israel’s defending its people and its security.
Palestinians have lost all hope of a two-state solution thanks to the policies of the Netanyahu Government in recent years.
Would it not give them some hope if we followed other countries’ lead and honoured the vote taken in this House nine years ago to recognise Palestinian statehood?
Our efforts are focused on a more pragmatic avenue, working with allies in the region to ensure there is sustainable and more meaningful support right across the region for a two-state solution.
If the Government accept that there can be no political solution unless Hamas are removed from control in Gaza, can the Minister explain to us who exactly will remove Hamas from that level of control in Gaza?
The political future of the Palestinians is a matter for Palestinians.
I would like to start by agreeing with  the hon.
Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy) , who spoke about the rightful condemnation of the genocidal words from Hamas.
These are the extremes of the debate, and on the other side of these extremes are Ministers in the Israeli Government who are calling for the dropping of a nuclear bomb on Gaza, and calling the siege of Gaza and the spread of epidemics a good thing.
Those extremes do not represent where the majority of Palestinians, Israelis and the population across the world want to be, which is with this Government on two states.
My question is simple: two states is all very well to say, but in terms of resources what is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office actually doing to make it happen?
Our considerable resource, by way of humanitarian aid and political and diplomatic effort, is entirely focused on that.
We bring a considerable diplomatic heft in our relationships across the region, and we are an important and permanent member of the UN Security Council, so we must not underestimate our ability to bring positive political leverage to this situation.
That is something we are resolutely focused on.
Over the weekend, The Times carried chilling testimony of Hamas’s extreme violence against women on  7 October : gang rape, women found with bloodied underwear, broken bones from rape, beheading, and women found with gunshots to their private parts.
What Israeli women hostages held in Hamas captivity have endured, and may still be enduring now, does not bear thinking about.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in condemning those appalling acts of violence and this aspect of the ongoing humanitarian situation?
Does he acknowledge that Hamas terrorists in custody have spoken quite openly about their orders to rape and defile women?
I agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend that these are deeply shocking reports.
They are sadly, and very painfully, characteristic of the kind of terrorist violence that we have come to expect from Hamas, and we deeply condemn them.
Last week, I had the opportunity to visit Qatar with a parliamentary delegation.
We met Dr al-Ansari, one of the official spokespersons, with Egypt, the US, Israel and others, involved in the negotiations to release hostages and secure the temporary humanitarian truce.
It was clear that this was a fragile truce that required greater pressure from the international community on all relevant  parties—from middle east countries such as Qatar on Hamas, and from the US and the UK on the Israelis—to bring an end to this bloodshed.
What are our Government doing, as a permanent member of the UN Security Council and a G7 nation, to ensure that work is done to bring an end to the bloodshed and secure a permanent ceasefire?
That is what people of all backgrounds and communities need.
We need a peacebuilding process; we need our Government to act.
What are our Government doing?
We continue to use all levers at our disposal to argue for another humanitarian pause.
Regrettably, it seems that discussion of a ceasefire is premature, given that Hamas are committed to the destruction of the state of Israel.
We are resolutely committed to another humanitarian pause, and we are using all means that are available to us to argue for it.
May I remind the Minister of the Prime Minister’s words at Mansion House?
He said that the UK will “act to shape the world, not be shaped by it”.
I raise that with the Minister with regard to the loss of life that we have seen across the board.
We have to do everything we can to preserve human lives.
I supported humanitarian pauses to do that at a very early stage, but the time has come for the UK to take a lead at the UN as a member of the Security Council.
Lead at the Security Council; call for a ceasefire with regards—[Interruption.]
We all have our own views on this matter.
I have supported humanitarian pauses before, but the time has come for the UK to work towards a ceasefire, the release of all the hostages, humanitarian assistance and a political solution in line with our own Security Council resolution 242 and the 1967 borders.
When will we push that at the Security Council and lead the world on this matter?
We are continuing to shape the outcome, and for us the most pragmatic and useful outcome at the moment is a further humanitarian pause, which we are arguing for strongly.
If every humanitarian pause is simply a prelude to the further bombing of Gaza by Israel, what will be left other than a refugee camp and a wasteland, and who does the Minister think will govern that?
The hon.
Member makes a good point.
Of course, every civilian death is a tragedy, and the House is painfully aware of the human cost of the unfolding tragedy.
As I said, aside from military operations, the political future and the way that Palestinians represent themselves is a question for Palestinians.