The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Nobody is going to doubt that section 114 is a serious issue.
As I have said to the Local Government Association and others, I do not think it is right for us to name and shame, point the finger or assign blame.
We are intent on working with councils that have already alerted us to see what we can do to help, and on working alongside councils that have concerns to ensure they do not fall into that situation.
I am not going to give a running commentary on that, save to make this pledge: we will work with those councils to ensure that they can continue to deliver for their voters.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on the use of land for renewable energy generation.
The Government have in place a framework, developed in collaboration with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, that supports the deployment of renewable energy technologies.
That is balanced by national planning policy, which is clear that land assets such as farmland must also be protected.
On current usage, 2,000 acres of solar panels are required to power around 50,000 homes, whereas a small modular reactor requires just two football pitches and powers 1 million homes.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that solar is a highly inefficient land use, and can he confirm that the provision to protect land used in food production remains in the new national planning policy framework?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a long-standing interest in this issue.
We will be publishing more on the NPPF shortly, but he is absolutely right that we need a variety of different energy sources that can support the UK’s future energy needs.
As the Minister knows, there is a disparity between the contracts for difference scheme for the mainland and what exists for Northern Ireland.
I have made overtures to the Minister responsible to see whether we can get that changed, but that has not happened yet.
Will the Minister use his influence to make sure that we in Northern Ireland are treated equally with everybody else in the United Kingdom?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He might like to write to me, or I am happy to speak to him separately in order to understand the issue, and either I or my colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero will be happy to respond.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Government’s levelling-up policies at reducing regional inequalities.
A lot done, a lot still to do, but certainly much more than the Scottish Government.
In that case, can the Secretary of State tell us whether Scotland will receive more or less funding to tackle regional inequality than it would have received if we had done as 78% of voters in my constituency did and voted to remain in the European Union?
We are doing better outside the European Union.
If we had followed the hon.
Gentleman’s advice and remained in the European Union, we would have found that the fishing industry was decimated by the common fisheries policy and we would not have had the opportunity to invest in new levelling-up partnerships in Argyll and Bute, the Western Isles, Dundee and, of course, the west central belt.
This UK Government are intervening where the Scottish Government cannot to support local government in Scotland, which is why whenever I address the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, I get a warmer welcome than the First Minister of Scotland does.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is a great shame that Stoke-on-Trent City Council, which is now Labour-run, has scaled back its levelling-up plans by getting rid of the proposed e-sports arena?
The first of its kind outside of London, it would have built on Staffordshire University’s UK-leading—indeed, world-leading—e-sports courses, as well as the 9,000 jobs created since 2015, the £56 million we got in levelling-up funding, the £17.6 million Kidsgrove town deal, and much more.
When it comes to levelling up and the e-sports centre, I am always clear that it is my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove who answers the call of duty.
He is absolutely right to say that, under the Labour council now in Stoke-on-Trent, the huge progress we were making on levelling up has stalled.
What we need are more Conservative elected representatives in Stoke-on-Trent.
What recent discussions he has had with the Electoral Commission on administering free and fair elections.
Free, fair and resilient elections are pivotal to our society, and if we agree on nothing else in this House, I hope it is  on that.
The Government regularly meet the Electoral Commission, both at ministerial and official level, to discuss a broad range of electoral issues, and I am due to have my first meeting with it next Tuesday.