Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a legendary Lansing family that has broken barriers across generations, and continues to make history today.
The story begins in 1927 when the family matriarch, 
Ms. Hortense Canady was born in Chicago.
While she didn't grow up in Michigan, she came to Michigan State University to pursue graduate studies after attending Fisk University, where she met her husband, Clinton.
In the Lansing area, Hortense and Clinton, a World War II veteran and member of the famed Tuskegee Airmen, settled, put down roots, and left an indelible mark on the community.
Clinton became a well-known and well-loved dentist, while Hortense put her passion for education and civil rights into action, becoming the first African American elected to the Lansing School District Board of Education in 1968.
Four years later, she and several other board members were recalled for advocating for desegregation, but Hortense did not let that deter her from working toward her core belief that everyone deserves access to quality education.
She sat on the state's Women's Commission, served as the first executive director of the Lansing Community College Foundation, and helped found a debutante club in Lansing to fill in a void for young Black women who, at the time, were not permitted to share in this tradition.
Hortense founded the Lansing alumnae chapter of her sorority, Delta Sigma Theta, and served as its national president from 1983 to 1988.
She was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame in 2002 and was named as one of Ebony magazine's Most Influential People.
Hortense Canady died in 2010 at age 83.
Not only was Hortense Canady impressive in her own right, but her children have continued to blaze their own trails.
Her daughter, Alexa Canady, is the first African American woman in the nation to become a neurosurgeon, and served as chief of neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital of Michigan from 1987 until her retirement in June 2001.
She devoted her brilliant mind and her numerous talents to the healing and welfare of thousands of young patients over the course of her career, and, like her mother, is an inductee in the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame.
She was also named a Michigander of the Year by the Detroit News in 2002.
All three of Hortense Canady's sons became attorneys, including the Honorable Judge Clinton Canady III.
Before ascending to the bench, Canady practiced law for 37 years.
He was a founder of the Lansing Black Lawyers' Association, director of the Ingham County Bar Association, a commissioner for the Lansing Board of Water and Light, a member of the NAACP, and served on the board of the Lansing Symphony Association, Central Michigan Legal Aid, and many other organizations.
Elected to the Ingham County Circuit Court in 2010, Judge Canady served through his retirement in 2022, but returned on assignment to help address the backlog of cases from the pandemic.
He and his wife, Rita, have two children who are continuing the Canady tradition of service, one as an administrative law judge in California, and the other with the United States Department.
The Canady family is part of the very fabric of the Lansing community, a fabric stitched with their incredible work ethic, commitment to breaking new ground, and to clearing a path for others to follow.