Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a member of the Michigan State University faculty who has contributed to the rich artistic landscape of our great state and helped shape the next generation of musical talents, all set to a distinctive jazz beat.
As a young recording artist in Detroit, Rodney Whitaker likely never imagined he would one day build and lead one of the most distinguished jazz degree programs and performing faculties in the world.
But the legendary bassist, known for his distinctive ``bear-sized'' tones, today serves as Director of Jazz Studies at MSU, a program he has transformed into a world class training ground whose students have gone on to perform alongside some of the top jazz artists in the world.
It's a case of those who CAN do, teach, as Whitaker himself spent seven years as bassist with Wynton Marsalis' Septet and the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, followed by a quarter-century touring around the world, collaborating and performing with ]egendary jazz artists from Dizzy Gillespie to Diana Krall.
And he continues to teach master classes at universities around the world, all while serving as artistic director of the Michigan State University Professors of Jazz, the East Lansing Summer Solstice Jazz Festival, the Dr. Phillips Center Jazz Orchestra in Orlando, Florida, and the Gathering Orchestra in Detroit, to name a few of his many involvements.
He has earned one of the highest distinctions in academia, the title of University Distinguished Professor, and he is proud to serve as a special assistant to the dean's office, directing the College of Music's Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging efforts.
In 2006, he was nominated for the Juno Award, Canada's equivalent to the Grammy, and in 2011, he received an Emmy nomination.
Just last year he was named 2023 Detroit Jazz Hero by the Jazz Journalists Association.
But strip away all the titles, all the awards, and Whitaker is simply a man who understands the power of the gift he has been given, and the necessity to pass it on.
In his own words, Dr. Rodney Whitaker said, quote: ``That is my truth.
I love passing on the knowledge of the history of music, and it's life-changing to see that lightbulb go off in someone.
It certainly changed my life.''
For all the lives he has enriched, changed, and set to music, I ask that his contributions forever be remembered.