Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Cindy Machado upon her retirement from the Marin Humane Society (Marin Humane) after 40 years of extraordinary public service.
A longtime Northern California resident, Cindy has been fighting for the rights and welfare of animals with Marin Humane since 1984.
At that time, the animal service officer role was dominated by men, but Cindy's knowledge of animal science, equines and livestock made her an effective enforcer of animal control and cruelty laws.
She was quickly promoted to Field Services Sergeant in 1985 and assumed the role of Animal Services Director in 1996, a position she held until her retirement.
Cindy's impeccable leadership was critical to establishing Marin Humane as a highly respected organization locally, and at the regional, national, and international levels.
She was instrumental in creating the Animal Law Enforcement Academy, a program hosted by Marin Humane through Santa Rosa Junior College, in partnership with the California Animal Welfare Association (Cal Animals).
She also served the Academy as an instructor on issues including animal cruelty investigations, animal hoarding, and inspections, and managed an annual Advanced Academy program for almost two decades.
From pet shops and cock fighting rings to circuses and amusement parks, Cindy has worked tirelessly to end animal cruelty.
She has led investigations, testified in court, and participated in many legislative hearings.
Her influence has been far reaching as an advocate and educator, leading trainings and workshops on behalf of Marin Humane across the world, including at the Brazilian Animal Welfare Congress in 2000, in Taiwan with the Humane Society of the United States in 2001, and in Mexico with Compassion Without Borders in 2005.
Cindy has also been an animal advocate in preparation and response to natural disasters.
She co-founded the Marin Horse Council's Equine Evacuation Committee in 2006, represented Marin Humane with Marin's Emergency Operations Center since 1996, and spearheaded a Marin County Veterinary Medical Association and Marin Humane joint committee to educate the community on impacts on animals.
When a disaster hit, Cindy was always quick to act.
She deployed to Houston during Hurricane Katrina to assist with animal evacuations, the 2009 Cosco Busan oil spill in San Francisco Bay, and nearly every wildfire in the region.
Among her numerous commitments, Cindy is a member and former chair of the Marin Humane Advocacy Committee, member and trainer of the CalAnimals Training Committee, Advisory Member of the Big Cat Sanctuary Alliance, and co-founder of the Marin County Hoarding Alliance Taskforce.
Cindy was also pivotal in creating a non-lethal predator control model in collaboration with Marin's Agricultural Commission and Project Coyote, which remains in use today.