Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Jim Kennedy as we celebrate the dedication of the Jim Kennedy Village Green at the Contra Costa Centre--Pleasant Hill BART Transit Village.
Jim was born in Montana and grew up in North Dakota before moving to Davis, CA in the 1960s.
He received his bachelor's and a master's degree in Economics/Environmental Economics from San Diego State University.
Jim served as Contra Costa County's Redevelopment Director for 35 years where he spearheaded efforts to improve traffic congestion and quality of life throughout the region until his retirement in 2011.
Jim has worked tirelessly to implement transit-oriented development at the Pleasant Hill BART Station Area.
Jim led efforts to develop office spaces, high density residential spaces, and initiate improvements to greenspaces and trails.
This effort supports many quality jobs and features affordable housing units and convenient retail shops along the 680 Corridor.
The high-quality housing in proximity to recreation and transit also attracts workers from San Francisco and other job centers along the BART line.
Jim played a vital role in overseeing this project and helping to achieve this goal.
Jim is an active member of the community, having formerly served as President, Executive Director, and Board Member of the California Redevelopment Association.
He also served on the board of the KennedyKing Memorial Scholarship Fund from 1987 to 2023 and currently serves on the Eden Housing Board of Directors (2013-Present).
He is also a founding Co-Executive Director of the Pleasant Hill BART Leasing Authority.
The Village Green--the connection between the Iron Horse Trail and the Town Square/Fare gates of the BART station--will be named the ``Jim Kennedy Village Green'' in honor of Jim's critical work.
This is a fitting tribute to his vision and hard work.
Please join me in recognizing Jim for his many contributions to our community and devoted service to Contra Costa County.