Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Bodhi, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Bodhi's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Oberon Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Bodhi McBean on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FARIA LAND AND CATTLE

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Faria Land and Cattle

as they are awarded the 63rd Annual Farmers of the Year award by the

Kiwanis Club of Tulare.
The Faria Cousins--Steve, Rick, Mike, and Danny

Jr.--were born into a family of farmers in Tulare.
From early on in

their lives they learned their craft from their fathers, Manuel Faria

Jr. and Danny Faria Sr.,
who like them, learned from his father--Manuel

Faria Sr.
Like many family farms in the Central Valley, Faria Land and Cattle

was founded by Manuel Sr.
after he immigrated to the U.S. from the

Azores Islands of Portugal in 1920.
The Cousins are the third

generation of Faria farmers, carrying on the family business that has

stood for more than a century in the Central Valley.
Today, the Faria

Cousins work together to manage the daily operations of the farm and

dairy facilities.
Faria Land and Cattle produces a variety of commodities including

wheat, oats, alfalfa, and almonds, and operates two dairies, as well as

a custom calf ranch operation.
Their commitment to providing high-

quality products and services to the Central Valley community has been

unwavering for more than 100 years.
In addition to their dedication to the family business, the Faria

cousins are active members of the Tulare community, having volunteered

on several boards of organizations that help to serve the local

agricultural community.
As the recipient of this year's award, the

Faria Cousins are being recognized for their commitment to Central

Valley agriculture and dedication to giving back to the community.
The

success of Faria Land and Cattle is a true testament to the Faria

family's hard work and perseverance.
I am confident that their work

will continue to strengthen the Tulare agricultural community for

generations to come.
join me in celebrating Faria Land and Cattle as they are awarded the

63rd Annual Farmers of the Year Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LILLY LOUDERBACK

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lilly

Louderback for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Lilly has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Lilly, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Lilly's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Oberon Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Lilly Louderback on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SACRIFICE OF DEPUTY ELTON C. STOVER

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and

sacrifice of Berrien County Sheriff Deputy Elton C. Stover.
Deputy

Stover was born November 21, 1910, in Berrien County and pursued a

career in law enforcement, serving in the Berrien Springs Police

Department, Comstock Police Department, and served as the Constable of

Lincoln Township.
On December 3, 1965, armed gunmen targeted the Farmers & Merchants

National Bank in Benton Township.
Berrien County Sheriff Deputies Elton

Stover and Gary Mitchell responded to the call for help.