Title: APPLAUDING PASSAGE OF THE REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
84

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPLAUDING PASSAGE OF THE REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION

ADMINISTRATION

_____

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House took

decisive action today to reauthorize the Federal Aviation

Administration--or FAA--by advancing H.R. 3935, the Securing Growth and

Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act.
Upon enactment, this

critically-important legislation will better protect the health and

safety of air travelers, improve conditions for both the current and

future aviation workforce, and make significant investments in our

Nation's aviation infrastructure and air traffic control technologies.
I am proud to have cast my vote in favor of H.R. 3935.
This long-

overdue, bipartisan measure will modernize America's aviation system,

advance consumer safety and protections, and prepare the next

generation of highly qualified and diverse aviation professionals.
For years, I have advocated for enhanced federal funding to better

recruit, retain, and advance underrepresented populations in the

aviation industry.
To that end, I applaud the bill's inclusion of $60

million in annual funding to the FAA to bolster the pool of pilots,

aviation maintenance professionals, and manufacturing workers in the

talent pipeline.
Of the $60 million provided, H.R. 3935 requires that

20 percent of this annual funding be designated for the Willa Brown

Aviation Program, which introduces and trains underserved communities

in various aviation careers.
I thank my colleague, Rep. Hank Johnson,

for his leadership on this provision.
I'm also pleased to see that the

reauthorization bill directs the FAA to engage and partner with

Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority Serving

Institutions to advance awareness of aviation-related education

programs and careers, a recommendation I made in my testimony before

the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
The bill's historic investment in our country's airports with, $4

billion in annual funding for the Airport Improvement Program, will

help modernize public-use airports, such as Midway and O'Hare airports

in Chicago, while simultaneously spurring economic growth and

employment opportunities for many Chicagoland residents and businesses.
I praise the host of policy reforms and robust protections for air

travelers and consumers, like the Section 503 requirement that airlines

refund passengers on significantly delayed or cancelled flights and a

new mandate that airlines permit passengers to sit next to their young

child when practical and at no cost.
Inclusion of these important and

long-overdue consumer protections in the FAA reauthorization bill

further explains why the measure enjoys such widespread bi-partisan

support in Congress and beyond.
I commend House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman

Graves and Ranking Member Larsen for their hard work to deliver this

comprehensive and bicameral bill to reauthorize the FAA, helping ensure

that the U.S. remains a global leader in aviation safety and

innovation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF CORTEZ GROWERS ASSOCIATION

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a significant

milestone in the agricultural community of Ballico, California--the

centennial anniversary of the Cortez Growers Association.
Established

on April 18, 1924, by four visionary Japanese immigrants, the Cortez

Growers Association began as a small cooperative endeavor to market

fruits and vegetables effectively despite language barriers.
The

founders employed a bilingual agent, ensuring their enterprise's early

success and sustainability.
The association thrived, even through the Great Depression, expanding

its membership and operational capacity.
By 1932, twenty-six additional

members had joined, and Cortez Growers Association appointed its first

full-time manager.
However, the outbreak of World War II and the

subsequent internment of Japanese Americans dealt a severe blow to the

association.
All members, being of Japanese descent, were either

interned or enlisted in the military, many serving in the highly

decorated 442nd Regimental Combat Team.