By 1932, twenty-six additional

members had joined, and Cortez Growers Association appointed its first

full-time manager.
However, the outbreak of World War II and the

subsequent internment of Japanese Americans dealt a severe blow to the

association.
All members, being of Japanese descent, were either

interned or enlisted in the military, many serving in the highly

decorated 442nd Regimental Combat Team.
Despite these adversities, the Cortez Growers Association's land was

preserved through trust and leased to neighboring farmers, allowing the

association to regain its footing post-war.
The resilience and

determination of the members during these trying times are a testament

to their commitment to their community and country.
In the ensuing decades, the Cortez Growers Association has continued

to adapt and thrive.
Transitioning from a diverse crop base to focusing

solely on almond production, the association has stayed at the

forefront of agricultural innovation and efficiency.
Today, the Cortez

Growers Association is a leader in the almond industry and a pillar in

agricultural advocacy, helping to found the Almond Alliance.
As we commemorate a century of enduring legacy, the Cortez Growers

Association is a beacon of community resilience, adaptability, and

success.
The values of faith, family, and dedication to future

generations are as alive today as they were a hundred years ago.
With great pride, I recognize the Cortez Growers Association for its

century of service to the agricultural community and the nation.
I want

to extend my heartfelt congratulations to the Cortez Growers

Association for 100 years of service and offer my sincerest wishes for

their future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EQUAL REPRESENTATION ACT

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 7109, the

Equal Representation Act.
H.R. 7109 would mandate that the decennial Census include a

citizenship question, and that the apportionment of U.S.

Representatives be based solely on a count of American citizens.
This

is yet another attempt by House Republicans to advance their anti-

immigrant political agenda by sabotaging the Census, which is required

by the U.S. Constitution.
This bill would deliberately undermine the Census's ability to reach

chronically undercounted populations.
The resulting impact would be to

make future Censuses more costly and lead to inaccurate data that will

have wide-ranging implications for Minnesota and our nation.
Accurate Census data is necessary for determining the number of U.S.

House of Representatives seats and Electoral College votes allocated to

each state, as well as the share of trillions of dollars in federal

funding each state receives.
For Minnesota, an inaccurate count could

result in the loss of representation in Congress and less federal

funding for essential services, causing unnecessary harm to our

communities.
This bill threatens the accuracy of the Census and

diminishes public trust.
It would lead to manipulation of election maps

and the hindering of the fair allocation of federal resources.
I will always fight for an accurate Census that is consistent with

our American values, and I will always work to ensure Minnesotans

receives the federal funding, representation in Congress, and electoral

votes they deserve.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY ELLEN CHAVEZ AS THE 2024 PLANADA COMMUNITY DAY PARADE

MARSHAL

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary Ellen Chavez, as

the Parade Marshal for the Town of Planada's 2024 Community Day Parade.
The daughter of migrant farm workers, Mary Ellen was born in Brawley,

California and is a proud graduate of Le Grand High School (LGHS).
While an LGHS student, and eventual Manzanita Queen, she was encouraged

by her peers to go to college.
Eventually Mary Ellen became the first

high school and college graduate in her family.
She earned her Bachelor

of Arts degree from the College of the Holy Names, an all-women's

Catholic college in Oakland, on a full academic scholarship.
Then she

completed a teaching credential at Fresno State University.