Deputy

Stover was born November 21, 1910, in Berrien County and pursued a

career in law enforcement, serving in the Berrien Springs Police

Department, Comstock Police Department, and served as the Constable of

Lincoln Township.
On December 3, 1965, armed gunmen targeted the Farmers & Merchants

National Bank in Benton Township.
Berrien County Sheriff Deputies Elton

Stover and Gary Mitchell responded to the call for help.
Upon arrival

to the scene, Deputies Stover and Mitchell were immediately met with an

array of gunfire with both men being struck.
As Deputy Stover laid on the bank floor he was hit with two bullets,

smashing through his chest and right leg.
He and Deputy Mitchell were

rushed to Mercy Hospital in Benton Harbor, where he underwent what was

thought to be a successful surgery.
Unfortunately, Deputy Stover's

condition deteriorated, and he passed away during surgery at 2.55 p.m.

on December 10, 1965, making the ultimate sacrifice in service to the

people of Berrien County.
To this day, Deputy Elton C. Stover remains

the only Deputy in the history of the Benton County Sheriff's

Department to be killed in the line of duty.
Mr. Speaker, each day, law enforcement officials like Deputy Stover

help to keep our communities safe, rush into dangerous situations, and

lay down their lives to protect their fellow citizens.
It is my solemn

honor to remember Deputy Elton Stover and all fallen law enforcement

officers from Michigan's 4th Congressional District, the state, and

throughout the country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 16, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 21

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense space

activities in review of the Defense Authorization

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Army.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the opportunities, risks, and

challenges associated with growth in demand for

electric power in the United States.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine child savings accounts and

other tax-advantaged accounts benefiting American

children.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine competition in the

prescription drug market, focusing on ensuring

affordable and accessible medications.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of State, focusing on American diplomacy and global

leadership.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related

Programs

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of State.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Maritime, Freight,

and Ports

To hold hearings to examine the roadway safety crisis and

highlighting community solutions.
Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global

Competitiveness

To hold hearings to examine trade enforcement and entry

of merchandise at U.S. ports.