2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related

Programs

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of State.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Maritime, Freight,

and Ports

To hold hearings to examine the roadway safety crisis and

highlighting community solutions.
Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global

Competitiveness

To hold hearings to examine trade enforcement and entry

of merchandise at U.S. ports.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine fraud and Zelle.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine forced labor in prisons.
MAY 22

Time to be announced

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 3772, to amend the Small

Business Act to require that plain writing statements

regarding the solicitation of subcontractors be

included in certain subcontracting plans, S. 3971, to

amend the Small Business Act to require reporting on

additional information with respect to small business

concerns owned and controlled by women, qualified

HUBZone small business concerns, and small business

concerns owned and controlled by veterans, S. 4341, to

require plain language and the inclusion of key words

in covered notices that are clear, concise, and

accessible to small business concerns, and an original

bill entitled, ``The STEP Modernization Act of 2024''.
TBA

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security

Administration.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine water scarcity in a changing

climate.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine Federal programs for the

circular economy, focusing on state and local

perspectives on efforts to improve reuse and recycling.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the Family First Prevention

Services Act, focusing on successes, roadblocks, and

opportunities for improvement.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine restoring Congressional

oversight over emergency powers, focusing on exploring

options to reform the National Emergencies Act.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
11:45 a.m.

Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies--2024

Organizational business meeting to designate the Chair,

designate the 2025 Inaugural site, approve the

Inaugural budget, and designate official staff

representatives.
S-219

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Sergeant at

Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the United States

Capitol Police.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine protecting consumers'

pocketbooks, focusing on lowering food prices and

combatting corporate price gouging and consolidation.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety

To hold hearings to examine new standards and practices

in mining, focusing on health and safety.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine public safety and

justice resources in Native communities.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORT OF HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 870

HON.