4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORT OF HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 870

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, the Assistance to Fire Grants (AFG) and

Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) grants

provide essential resources to fire departments around the country.
Since their authorization in 2000, these grant programs have provided

more than $15 billion in funding nationwide to community fire

departments, ensuring that they are prepared for whatever challenges

they might face.
It is essential Congress fund these programs as local

governments often lack the resources to invest in new firefighting

equipment and to cover the costs of hiring and training new

firefighters.
I voted in support of the House Amendment to S. 870, the Fire Grants

and Safety Act of 2023 because we must continue to deliver these vital

funds to our communities.
However, I am disappointed that House

Republicans amended this legislation to add an unrelated bill, S.

1111--the Accelerating Deployment of Versatile, Advanced Nuclear for

Clean Energy (ADVANCE) Act.
The reauthorization of the AFG and SAFER

grants should not have been packaged with a bill to accelerate nuclear

energy deployment, which is a complex issue that deserves its own

debate and vote.
I would have preferred to vote on these two unrelated

issues separately.
I will continue to support our local fire departments and ensure that

they have access to the federal resources they need to keep our

communities safe.