Her

compassion for others, especially during times of disaster and

financial hardship, made a lasting difference in the lives of countless

individuals.
Above all, Edna Pemberton cherished spending time with her family.
Her unwavering love and support for her children, who have gone on to

become educators, community leaders, and volunteers, serve as a shining

example of the dedicated spirit and servant heart she poured into those

around her.
She was a devoted wife, mother, grandmother, and friend to

many, and her legacy of compassion, resilience, and community service

will live on in the hearts of all who were fortunate enough to have

known her.
Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincerest condolences to Edna's family, her

friends, and the Oak Cliff and wider Dallas community.
May her

extraordinary legacy of service, love, and dedication continue to

inspire future generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ABDULLAHI ALI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Abdullahi Ali

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Abdullahi has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Abdullahi, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Abdullahi's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Abdullahi Ali on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT JOHN ``JOHNNY''

ROTHFUS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. John

``Johnny'' Rothfus of Prosper, Texas, and present him with the

Congressional Patriot Award.
Johnny has dedicated himself to faithfully

serving our community and country.
Johnny was born in Sachse, Texas, and moved with his family to

Prosper at a young age.
In 1943, he graduated high school and joined

the United States Army Air Forces the following year.
Johnny served as

a tail gunner on a B-24 bomber and was briefly stationed overseas for

six months.
As a result of his meritorious service, he received the

Purple Heart, an Air Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster, the European-African-

Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with one silver battle star, and the Good

Conduct Medal with one overseas bar.
Johnny completed his service in

1947 and later fulfilled an advertisement recruiting firefighters.
For

two decades, he drove a fire engine, and he retired in November 1974.
Johnny's incredible career as an aviator turned first responder is

remarkable to witness.
After returning from overseas, he married in

1945.
Johnny has one daughter and many more grandchildren and great-

grandchildren.
He enjoys spending time with his family and building and

painting homes in his free time.
Johnny has remained a devoted man of

faith, and he regularly attends First Christian Church in Celina.
I am

proud to commemorate Johnny for a lifetime of contributions to our

country, as he has been steadfast in his service to his community, be

it at the senior center or drug store.
I wish him good health for many

years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Johnny with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DANIEL FLORES

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Daniel Flores has made to our community through his

work with New Beginnings Youth Shelter, which serves homeless kids aged

10-17 who are between foster homes; abandoned, or homeless.
The whole

team jumps in to take care of the kids who have no one else looking out

for them.