10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 29, to make daylight

saving time permanent, S. 191, to require the Secretary

relating to the requirements for commercial driver's

license testing and commercial learner's permit

holders, S. 196, to improve online ticket sales and

protect consumers, S. 259, to direct the Federal

Communications Commission to publish a list of entities

that hold authorizations, licenses, or other grants of

authority issued by the Commission and that have

certain foreign ownership, S. 320, to authorize the

Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977, S. 580, to

require the Secretary of Commerce to provide training

and guidance relating to human rights abuses, including

such abuses perpetrated against the Uyghur population

by the Government of the People's Republic of China, S.

606, to authorize the Administrator of the National

Aeronautics and Space Administration to reimburse the

Town of Chincoteague, Virginia, for costs directly

associated with the removal and replacement of certain

drinking water wells, S. 688, to combat illegal,

unreported, and unregulated fishing at its sources

globally, S. 725, to direct the Federal Communications

Commission to issue reports after activation of the

Disaster Information Reporting System and to make

improvements to network outage reporting, to categorize

public safety telecommunicators as a protective service

occupation under the Standard Occupational

Classification system, S. 769, to amend the Research

and Development, Competition, and Innovation Act to

clarify the definition of foreign country for purposes

of malign foreign talent recruitment restriction, S.

1003, to require the Federal Communications Commission

to issue an order providing that a shark attack is an

event for which a wireless emergency alert may be

transmitted, S. 1081, to require the Administrator of

the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to

submit certain reports to the Committee on Commerce,

Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the

Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the

House of Representatives, S. 1278, to require the Under

Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to

conduct a project to improve forecasts of coastal

marine fog, S. 1378, to enhance the use by the National

Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of artificial

intelligence for weather forecasting, S. 1433, to

reauthorize the Northwest Straits Marine Conservation

Initiative Act to promote the protection of the

resources of the Northwest Straits, S. 1437, to require

the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space

Administration to establish a program to identify,

evaluate, acquire, and disseminate commercial Earth

remote sensing data and imagery in order to satisfy the

scientific, operational, and educational requirements

of the Administration, S. 1492, to require the

Secretary of Commerce support the leadership of the

United States with respect to the deployment, use,

application, and competitiveness of blockchain

technology, and the nominations of Olivia Trusty, of

Maryland, to be a Member of the Federal Communications

Commission, Jared Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be

Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space

Administration, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine opportunities to strengthen

water infrastructure programs, focusing on the IIJA's

successes.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Rodney

Scott, of Oklahoma, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs

and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Brian

Burch, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Holy See,

Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the

Republic of Chile, Nicole McGraw, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, Thomas DiNanno,

of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and

International Security, Sarah Rogers, of New York, to

be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, and Allison

Hooker, of Georgia, to be an Under Secretary (Political

Affairs), all of the Department of State.