Victor was born on November 11, 1921, in Coalinga, California, to

Francis and Evelena Killingsworth.
Shortly thereafter, Francis and

Evelena would move to Taft, California, which would become Victor's

home for over 90 years.
After graduating from Taft High School and

later Taft College, Victor enrolled in the University of California,

Berkley.
While studying there, the attack on Pearl Harbor occurred,

causing the United States to formally enter World War II.
Eager to

defend his country, Victor enlisted in the U.S. Navy at a time when

Japanese and German naval attacks had stretched American naval forces

precariously thin.
Victor sought to be a more valuable asset to the

Navy and enrolled in Midshipman School at Columbia University on

December 7, 1942.
Industrious American shipbuilders soon remedied the

ship shortage with remarkable speed, enabling Victor to later serve in

the campaigns against Imperial Japan in the Pacific Ocean.
During his

naval training, while at Joint Expeditionary Base--Little Creek, Victor

met his future wife Margaret (Peggy) Sexton who would keep his morale

high with frequent devoted letters throughout the war.
Upon completion of Midshipman School, Victor received orders to be

assigned to the USS Sumter, a troop transport ship, carrying elements

of the 4th Marine Division.
Assigned to a U.S. Navy Amphibious Squad,

Victor worked to transport ``Carlson's Raiders'' to Kwajalein Atoll in

the Marshall Islands in February 1944.
He would transport Marines onto

the six-square mile atoll throughout a fierce four-day battle as part

of the Gilbert and Marshall Islands Campaign.
In the pouring rain and

amidst choppy surf, Victor towed Marine landing forces behind him to

the beach like ``ducklings'' as he recalled.
Victor later noted that

his audaciousness in landing so close to enemy positions at night

seemed to have tricked the Japanese defenders into thinking his boat

was one of theirs.
Victor next took part in the operation to capture the island of

Saipan.
While on the island, Victor drove too far into enemy lines

where he witnessed tremendous human suffering on the island.
In one

location in Saipan, he would successfully urge numerous Japanese

soldiers to lay down their arms by promising the men they would be

treated with civility.
Adopting similar de-escalation strategies with

civilians he encountered, Victor's compassion saved many from

perishing.
Upon completion of U.S. operations in Saipan in late July 1944,

Victor transported--in just one day--some 8,000 Marines in 75 boatloads

across three miles of open ocean to secure the Japanese-held island of

Tinian in the Northern Mariana Islands.
This vital island would later

provide the two airfields necessary for American bombers to quickly

reach Japan and bring about the culmination of World War II.
Later in 1944, Victor served as a Communications Officer aboard the

USS Artemis.
While onboard at the onset of the heroic Battle of Iwo

Jima in February 1945, the USS Artemis sustained withering fire from

Japanese coastal artillery and was forced to withdraw to Guam.
This was

Victor's final combat of World War II, as the war would end seven

months later on September 2, 1945.
Promoted to the rank of Lieutenant,

Victor was honorably discharged, married Peggy, and returned to his

hometown of Taft.
The couple ran Taft Sporting Goods for 37 years while raising their

three daughters--Barbara, Janet, and Patty.
Victor was passionate about

supporting his community, helping launch Westside Little League and

Westside Jr. Football.
Later in life, Victor wrote a book about his

service titled ``The Gator Navy,'' where he detailed stories of his

training and service.
Cementing his local legacy, Victor conceived of

the idea to construct the iconic Oil Worker Monument in Taft, the

largest bronze statue west of the Mississippi River, to mark the

centennial anniversary of the city.
Whether it was his service to our

country or our community, Victor has certainly left a lasting impact on

countless individuals.
The Taft community remains fortunate and

grateful to have had such a hero.