Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine opportunities to strengthen

water infrastructure programs, focusing on the IIJA's

successes.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Rodney

Scott, of Oklahoma, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs

and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Brian

Burch, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Holy See,

Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the

Republic of Chile, Nicole McGraw, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, Thomas DiNanno,

of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and

International Security, Sarah Rogers, of New York, to

be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, and Allison

Hooker, of Georgia, to be an Under Secretary (Political

Affairs), all of the Department of State.
S-116

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 558, to provide for the

consideration of a definition of antisemitism set forth

by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance for

the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws

concerning education programs or activities, and S.

163, to require institutions of higher education

participating in Federal student aid programs to share

information about title VI of the Civil Rights Act of

1964, including a link to the webpage of the Office for

Civil Rights where an individual can submit a complaint

regarding discrimination in violation of such title.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine biomedical research, focusing

on keeping America's edge in innovation.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine the rise of Antisemitism and

supporting older Americans.
4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To receive a closed briefing on America's Air Force.
MAY 1

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Matthew

Lohmeier, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary of the Air

Force, Justin Overbaugh, of Florida, to be a Deputy

Under Secretary, and Daniel Zimmerman, of North

Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the

Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine insurance markets and the

role of mitigation policies.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Paul

Dabbar, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of

Commerce.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of John

Andrew Eisenberg, of Virginia, and Brett Shumate, of

Virginia, both to be an Assistant Attorney General,

Department of Justice.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Leah

Campos, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Dominican

Republic.
MAY 12

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To receive a closed briefing on space superiority.
POSTPONEMENTS

APRIL 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Cybersecurity

To hold hearings to examine industry views on partnership

with the Department of Defense and defense of the

Defense Industrial Base.