Raised in Sylvester, Georgia, Ms. Greene embodied

academic excellence, purpose, and pride in her heritage from an early

age.
A 1995 graduate of Worth County High School, she made history as

the first African American member of the school's dance team--an early

indicator of the pioneering spirit that would define her life's work.
After high school, Ms. Greene attended Albany State University (ASU),

earning her bachelor's degree in Early Childhood Education and later

pursued advanced degrees in education at Wheelock College, Walden

University, Georgia Southern University, and Northcentral University.
She was a lifelong learner who transformed her knowledge into service,

becoming a beacon of empowerment for students and colleagues alike.
As a teacher in the Dougherty County School System (DCSS), she poured

her passion into every classroom she entered--most notably at Albany

Early College and Westover High School, where she was named the 2018-

2019 Teacher of the Year and a finalist for the district-wide honor.
Over her career, she served with distinction in multiple Georgia school

districts, including Savannah-Chatham and Glynn counties, holding

leadership positions such as English Department Chair, Instructional

Coach, Graduation Coach, and more.
She also advised student teams,

including the Black History Quiz Bowl, Delta GEMS, and EMBODI, helping

to cultivate a sense of school pride, heritage, and academic excellence

among the students at the institutions she supported.
Ms. Greene's service extended well beyond the school walls where she

worked.
She was a fierce advocate for her community and a

transformational leader within numerous civic and social organizations.
She served as President of the Albany, Georgia Alumnae Chapter of Delta

Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., where under her leadership, the chapter

earned national Red Ribbon recognition.
She championed historical

preservation, helping to secure a mayoral proclamation honoring Delta

Sigma Theta cofounder, Osceola Macarthy Adams, and initiated a petition

for a historical marker in her name.
She also served as co-advisor to

the Delta Rho Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. at her

beloved alma mater, Albany State University.
Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``Service is the

rent we pay for the space we occupy on this earth.''
Ms. Chiquita

Michele Greene paid her rent and continued going the extra mile to give

her time and efforts to benefit others.
Ms. Greene held leadership

roles in the National Council of Negro Women, the ASU Alumni

Association, Ma Flora's Helping Hands, the Marching Rams Show Band

National Alumni Association, the Worth County NAACP, and several other

civic, educational, and fraternal organizations.
She was a mentor to

many and a pillar of strength, especially in spaces dedicated

to uplifting young women, promoting scholarship, and preserving Black

heritage.
Among her numerous accolades were the 2021 Trellis Cuffie Volunteer

Award; the 2021 Multicultural Award from the Georgia Council of

Teachers of English; the Distinguished Delta Award; 2017 Albany State

University ``A Future to Fulfill'' Award; Leadership Academy for Women

of Small-town America--Class of 2016; 2007 Caring Person in the

Community- Brunswick, Georgia; 2016 DCSS Leadership Academy Selectee;

and recognition as one of Albany State University's 50 Under 50.
These

honors are a testament to a life lived with purpose and service at the

forefront.
None of Ms. Greene's momentous accomplishments and contributions

would have been possible without the enduring love and support of her

God, her family, and her beloved friends across the state of Georgia.
She is survived by many loved ones, including her parents: Mr. and Mrs.

Arthur L. and Earnestine B. Greene; grandparent: Mr. Lacy Lee Smith;

siblings: Buffy; Daryl D. Warren; and Riccardo C. Greene; many nieces

and nephews; a host of aunts, uncles, cousins, and beloved friends.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the

more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional District in

honoring the life and legacy of Ms. Chiquita Michele Greene and in

extending our deepest sympathies to her family, friends, colleagues,

and all those who mourn her tragic loss.