None of Ms. Greene's momentous accomplishments and contributions

would have been possible without the enduring love and support of her

God, her family, and her beloved friends across the state of Georgia.
She is survived by many loved ones, including her parents: Mr. and Mrs.

Arthur L. and Earnestine B. Greene; grandparent: Mr. Lacy Lee Smith;

siblings: Buffy; Daryl D. Warren; and Riccardo C. Greene; many nieces

and nephews; a host of aunts, uncles, cousins, and beloved friends.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the

more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional District in

honoring the life and legacy of Ms. Chiquita Michele Greene and in

extending our deepest sympathies to her family, friends, colleagues,

and all those who mourn her tragic loss.
We pray that all will be

consoled by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks,

and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF EDNA BELLE PEMBERTON

HON.
JASMINE CROCKETT

Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Edna Belle

Pemberton, a beloved mother, grandmother, community leader, and a

tireless advocate for positive change in the Oak Cliff community and

beyond.
Born on March 27, 1944, in Chicago, Illinois, Edna was the

youngest of nine children.
After losing her mother at a young age and

growing up in the foster care system, she became a fierce advocate for

her community and a force for good, committed to improving the lives of

those around her.
Edna's earthly journey ended on April 13, 2025, at

the age of 81.
Edna met the love of her life, the late DarNell Pemberton, while

attending church as a teenager.
The couple's bond grew into a strong

partnership, and they married on September 19, 1964.
Together, Edna and

DarNell raised four daughters and, in a remarkable act of love and

dedication, adopted and helped raise eight of Edna's nieces, nephews,

and young relatives.
Their family of fourteen lived in California

before relocating to Dallas, where they settled in the Oak Cliff

neighborhood, where Edna's advocacy continued to grow.
A dedicated voice for the people of southern Dallas, Edna began her

career at Kmart, where she worked her way up from stockroom employee to

management, leading various community initiatives and supply drives

along the way.
Her efforts to enact a youth curfew to improve safety,

extend bus lines to provide better access to services, and save the

Southwest Center Mall, formerly known as Red Bird Mall, stand as

testament to her determination to make a positive impact on her city.
Edna was an active member of many local organizations, including the

Dallas chapter of the NAACP, the Martin Luther King Center, and Camp

Wisdom Now.
She was a founder of Positively Oak Cliff, a nonprofit

coalition of entrepreneurs and community leaders, and served as a voter

registrar and the precinct chair of her local precinct.
Edna received

several Governors' awards for her contributions to her community, and

she was honored to serve as a torchbearer in Dallas ahead of the 1996

Olympic Games.
Known affectionately as ``Mrs. P,'' Edna was not only a community

leader but a mother-figure and mentor to many.
She personified her

faith in her daily life as an active and longtime member of Concord

Missionary Baptist Church, where she made an immeasurable impact.
Her

compassion for others, especially during times of disaster and

financial hardship, made a lasting difference in the lives of countless

individuals.
Above all, Edna Pemberton cherished spending time with her family.
Her unwavering love and support for her children, who have gone on to

become educators, community leaders, and volunteers, serve as a shining

example of the dedicated spirit and servant heart she poured into those

around her.