Cementing his local legacy, Victor conceived of

the idea to construct the iconic Oil Worker Monument in Taft, the

largest bronze statue west of the Mississippi River, to mark the

centennial anniversary of the city.
Whether it was his service to our

country or our community, Victor has certainly left a lasting impact on

countless individuals.
The Taft community remains fortunate and

grateful to have had such a hero.
Victor is survived by his daughters: Patty Killingsworth Gray,

Barbara Killingsworth, and Janet Killingsworth Sandoval; his sons-in-

law: Everett Gray and Miguel Sandoval; five grandchildren: Christian

Gray, Ashley Gray, John Gray, Sarah Sandoval, and Andrew Sandoval; and

eight great-grandchildren: Samantha Gray, Andrew Gray, Piper Gray,

Foster Gray, Lex Gray, Charlotte Sandoval, Victoria Sandoval, and

Oliver Sandoval.
join me in remembering Victor Killingsworth, and his legacy of

invaluable service to both our country and his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 29, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 714, to amend the Energy

Act of 2020 to include critical materials in the

definition of critical mineral, and the nominations of

Preston Griffith, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary,

and Dario Gil, of New York, to be Under Secretary for

Science, both of the Department of Energy; to be

immediately followed by hearings to examine the

nominations of Leslie Beyer, of Texas, to be an

Assistant Secretary, and Andrea Travnicek, of North

Dakota, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the

Department of the Interior, and Theodore J. Garrish, of

Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear

Energy), and Tristan Abbey, of Florida, to be

Administrator of the Energy Information Administration,

both of the Department of Energy.