If the pay offer for teachers in England had matched the award for teachers in Scotland, the Secretary of State would have averted the current strike action.
Paul Whiteman, the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers, has said that minimum service levels for teachers are “nothing short of an overtly hostile act from the Government and an attack on the basic democratic freedoms of school leaders and teachers.”
Will the Secretary of State explain how she expects to tackle the staffing crisis in teaching when she goes out of her way to alienate the profession?
We have a record number of teachers in schools in England: 468,000.
That is 27,000 more teachers today than in 2010.
We accepted the recommendations of the School Teachers’ Review Body for a 6.5% pay rise—the highest in 30 years —for teachers and headteachers in our school system.
Like all county councils, Staffordshire County Council is struggling with the rising demand for special educational needs and disabilities support in schools, and with lengthy delays in issuing education, health and care plans.
That is leaving children and families with a lack of vital support and appropriate education for their needs.
What steps are the Government taking to tackle the shortage of educational psychologists and to ensure that children receive the education that they need to achieve good outcomes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of educational psychologists.
We are investing £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists, building on the £10 million already announced to train more than 200 from this term.
The Department for Education has stated that “Where responsible bodies discover lead piping, they must take action”.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether those bodies are asked to look proactively for lead piping?
What action are they asked to take if any is found?
Schools must have suitable drinking water facilities.
Where responsible bodies, such as local authorities or academy trusts, discover lead piping in a school, they must take action, working as appropriate with water companies.
Capital funding allocated to schools each year can be used to fund the removal of pipe work if required, but when a school has a particular concern, it can contact the Department for assistance.