No, it does not.
The advanced British standard will offer a broad, balanced and knowledge-rich curriculum that builds on reforms of the last decade.
Its curriculum will form a core part of the formal consultation in the coming months.
GCSEs remain important, rigorous and highly regarded qualifications, providing preparation for the new advanced British standard.
When does the Minister anticipate that it might be possible to deliver at least half of all education, health and care plans for SEND children within the Government’s own legal timeframe?
We are undertaking a significant programme of reform to ensure not only that EHCPs are delivered in the right timeframe but that children get the support they need at an earlier stage without needing one.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline the support provided to the Metropolitan Borough of Bury by the Government to enhance educational provision for children with special educational needs?
The Metropolitan Borough of Bury is getting significant support.
In addition to the funding increases, we have appointed a SEND adviser to work with the borough to improve services.
The Council for Disabled Children is supporting it to strengthen EHCPs.
Two special free schools have been approved, and Bury is also one of 34 areas in our safety valve programme.
In recent weeks, we have seen reported instances of antisemitism rise by 1,300% and Islamophobia by 150%, with Jewish kids afraid to go to school and Muslim kids asked, “Whose side are you on?”
What are the Government doing to ensure that children are taught sensitively but robustly about the wrongs of such intolerance, and does Ofsted have a role in ensuring consistency of approach in all schools?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: antisemitism has no place in education.
It was an honour to join the Secretary of State’s visit to Menorah High School last week, together with the whole ministerial team, standing in solidarity with that school and with the Jewish community.
We have written to all schools and colleges urging a swift response to hate-related incidents and active reassurance for their students  and staff, and we continue to work with faith leaders, schools and Ofsted to monitor the response to those concerns.
Further to the question asked by my hon.
Friend the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman), since Hamas’s attack, Jewish students on campus report that they have had a year’s worth of antisemitic incidents in only two weeks.
Some have been targeted, the attack itself was celebrated, and some have received death threats.
As such, does the Minister agree that universities should work with the Union of Jewish Students to publicise the welfare hotline that it has established; avail themselves of the training that the UJS offers; and work to implement the recommendations of the recent report of the taskforce on antisemitism in higher education?
I have made it clear that we will not tolerate antisemitism on campus.
We are working closely with the Union of Jewish Students and the higher education Jewish chaplaincy service, as well as the Community Security Trust.
I welcome the taskforce’s report and its recommendations, and we absolutely urge universities to prioritise the implementation of that report.
Having recently visited a local nursery in Birdwell, I know that its staff are very concerned about their ability to plan for provision for children in the year 2024-25.
When will the Government give them certainty on hourly rates?
We will be setting out the funding rates very shortly.
One day after Hamas’s brutal massacre in Israel, a student at the University of Manchester spoke of being full of “pride and joy” at a once-in-a-lifetime experience—not only a disgusting comment but one that points to possible extremism in our university campuses.
Far too many think that there are no consequences for spreading such hate in our educational settings, so will my right hon.
Friend set out what the real consequences are?
I mentioned previously that unfortunately, we have some of Hamas’s useful idiots across our campuses, and we will not stand for it—they represent a fifth column supporting terrorism.
We are doing everything possible.
The Prevent duty requires higher education providers to have due regard to the need to prevent people from being drawn into terrorism, and we will work with the universities to ensure that they take any extremist activity very seriously.
James, a 14-year-old lad from my constituency, has been passed from pillar to post by schools that simply cannot deal with his attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism.
Will the Minister meet me on that specific case?
I would be delighted to meet with the hon.
Gentleman.
Mr Speaker, last week I visited the middle east, bringing a message of solidarity with the region against terror and against the further spread of conflict.
I met with the leaders of Israel, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Egypt and the Palestinian Authority to co-ordinate our response to the crisis before us, but also to renew the better vision of the future that Hamas are trying to destroy.
I travelled first to Israel.
It is a nation in mourning, but it is also a nation under attack.
The violence against Israel did not end on  7 October .
Hundreds of rockets are launched at its towns and cities every day, and Hamas still hold around 200 hostages, including British citizens.
In Jerusalem, I met some of the relatives, who are suffering unbearable torment.
Their pain will stay with me for the rest of my days.
I am doing everything in my power, and working with all our partners, to get their loved ones home.
In my meetings with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Herzog, I told them once again that we stand resolutely with Israel in defending itself against terror, and I stressed again the need to act in line with international humanitarian law and take every possible step to avoid harming civilians.
It was a message delivered by a close friend and ally.
I say it again: we stand with Israel.
I recognise that the Palestinian people are suffering terribly.
Over 4,000 Palestinians have been killed in this conflict.
They are also the victims of Hamas, who embed themselves in the civilian population.
Too many lives have already been lost, and the humanitarian crisis is growing.
I went to the region to address these issues directly.
In Riyadh, and then Cairo, I met individually with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman from Saudi Arabia; the Amir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani; President Sisi in Egypt; and President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority.
These were further to my meetings with the King of Jordan last week and calls with other leaders, and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary’s extensive travel in the region.
There are three abiding messages from all these conversations.
First, we must continue working together to get more humanitarian support into Gaza.
The whole House will welcome the limited opening of the Rafah crossing.
It is important progress and testament to the power of diplomacy, but it is not enough.
We need a constant stream of aid pouring in, bringing the water, food, medicine and fuel that is so desperately needed, so we will keep up the diplomatic pressure.
We have already committed £10 million of extra support to help civilians in Gaza, and I can announce today that we are going further.
We are providing an additional £20 million of humanitarian aid to civilians in Gaza, more than doubling our previous support to the Palestinian people.
There are major logistical and political challenges to delivering this aid, which I discussed with President Sisi.
My right hon.
Friend the Development Minister is leading an effort to ensure the maximum amount of aid is pre-positioned, with UK support ready to deliver.
We are also working intensively to ensure that British nationals trapped in Gaza are able to leave through the Rafah crossing when it properly reopens.
Secondly, this is not a time for hyperbole and simplistic solutions.
It is a time for quiet and dogged diplomacy that recognises the hard realities on the ground and delivers help now, and we have an important role to play.
In all my meetings, people were clear that they value Britain’s engagement.
The UK’s voice matters.
We have deep ties across the region—ties of defence, trade and investment, but also of history.
President Abbas pointed to that history—not the British mandate in Palestine or the Balfour declaration, but the UK’s efforts over decades to support the two-state solution.
Thirdly, growing attacks by Hezbollah on Israel’s northern border, rising tensions on the west bank, and missiles and drones launched from Yemen show that some are seeking escalation, so we need to invest more deeply in regional stability and in the two-state solution.
Last night, I spoke to the leaders of the United States, Germany, France, Italy and Canada.
We are all determined to prevent escalation.
That is why I am deploying RAF and Royal Navy assets, monitoring threats to regional security and supporting humanitarian efforts.
Our support for a two-state solution is highly valued across the region, but it cannot just be a clichéd talking point to roll out at times like this.
The truth is that, in recent years, energy has moved into other avenues such as the Abraham accords and normalisation talks with Saudi Arabia.
We support those steps absolutely and believe that they can bolster wider efforts, but we must never lose sight of how essential the two-state solution is.
We will work with our international partners to bring renewed energy and creativity to that effort.
It will rely on establishing more effective governance for Palestinian territories in Gaza and the west bank.
It will also mean challenging actions that undercut legitimate aspirations for Palestinian statehood.
Mr Speaker, Hamas care more about their paymasters in Iran than the children they hide behind.
So let me be clear: there is no scenario where Hamas can be allowed to control Gaza or any part of the Palestinian territories.
Hamas is a threat not only to Israel, but to many others across the region.
All the leaders I met agree that this is a watershed moment.
It is time to set the region on a better path.
I also want to say a word about the tone of the debate.
When things are so delicate, we all have a responsibility to take additional care in the language we use, and to operate on the basis of facts alone.
The reaction to the horrific explosion at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital was a case in point.
As I indicated last week, we have taken care to look at all the evidence currently available, and I can now share our assessment with the House.
On the basis of the deep knowledge and analysis of our intelligence and weapons experts, the British Government judge that the explosion was likely caused by a missile, or part of one, that was launched from within Gaza towards Israel.
The misreporting of that incident had a negative effect in the region, including on a vital US diplomatic effort, and on tensions here at home.
We need to learn the lessons and ensure that in future there is no rush to judgment.
We have seen hate on our streets again this weekend.
We all stand in solidarity with the Palestinian people—that is the message I brought to President Abbas—but we will never tolerate antisemitism in our country.
Calls for jihad on our streets are a threat not only to the Jewish  community but to our democratic values, and we expect the police to take all necessary action to tackle extremism head on.
This a moment for great care and caution, but also for moral clarity.
Hope and humanity must win out against the scourge of terrorism and aggression.
The  7 October  attack was driven by hatred, but it was also driven by Hamas’s fear that a new equilibrium might be emerging in the middle east, one that would leave old divisions behind and offer hope of a better, more secure, more prosperous way forward.
It is the same motivation that drives Putin’s war in Ukraine—the fear of Ukraine’s emergence as a modern, thriving democracy, and the desire to pull it back into some imperialist fantasy of the past.
Putin will fail, and so will Hamas.
We must keep alive that vision of a better future, against those who seek to destroy it.
Together with our partners, that is what we will do, and I commend this statement to the House.