Increasing the take-up of higher technical qualifications is desperately needed, with low take-up leading to persistent skills gaps and holding back economic growth.
Colleges, which we were proud to celebrate during Love Our Colleges Week, tell us of issues affecting take-up, including a lack of quality careers advice, challenges with stable staffing and late course approvals.
With the UK seeing only 10% of adults whose highest qualification is between level 3 and level 6—the sixth lowest rate in the G7—should not the Government address their cuts to careers advice, as Labour will, so that young people do not miss out because they hear about opportunities far too late?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her new position, but I genuinely do not know what planet she has been living on these past few years.
We introduced higher technical qualifications and are transforming qualifications across the country.
We introduced T-levels and spent £90 million to transform careers advice.
Ninety per cent of schools are in a careers hub, and we have the National Careers Service.
We are doing a lot of work to support careers, and we are spending something like £3 million to ensure that apprenticeships and skills are taught in schools up and down the country—more than 2,000 schools and 680,000 pupils.
We are doing huge amounts on careers, and we are the people who transformed skills in our country.
I think we’ve got the story.
The extra chapter was fine.
What assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of the provision of music education in schools.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment as shadow Minister for music and tourism.
The Government expect every school to teach music for at least an hour a week, supported by our music hub network, including the Greater Manchester hub led by the Bolton Music Service, and backed by £25 million of capital for instruments and a new £10,000 bursary for trainee music teachers.
Last month, Ofsted reported: “There remains a divide between the opportunities for children and young people whose families can afford to pay for music tuition and for those who come from lower socio-economic backgrounds.”
It also said that “half the primary schools visited did not…offer any instrumental or vocal lessons”, and that what lessons existed were being taught by non-specialist teachers in two thirds of primary schools.
This is a damning reflection of the substantial decline in the provision of music education in England over which Conservative-led Governments have presided.
What urgent action will the Government take in response to these findings?
From September next year, every music hub will be required to support music tuition for disadvantaged pupils.
We are investing £2 million in a music progression programme in education investment areas to support up to 1,000 pupils to learn an instrument.
From 2018-19 to 2022-23, between 96.4% and 94.7% of all hours taught in music were taught by a teacher with a relevant post-A-level qualification.
There are now 7,184 full-time music teachers in our secondary schools, which is up from 7,000 last year.
XYZ Music Academy teaches over 2,000 children across Buckinghamshire on a weekly basis, employing 18 tutors.
Its online primary school music curriculum “XYZ Primary” helps primary schools with smaller budgets to deliver music provision to a high standard, adhering to the model music curriculum and Ofsted requirements.
Will my right hon.
Friend visit XYZ to learn more from this innovative small business that could be adopted more widely across the country?
I would be delighted to visit XYZ.
Music in schools is a personal passion for me; I want to see more of it and a better quality of it.
In 2021, we published the model music curriculum, which is designed to help primary and secondary schools to improve their music education.
It took two years to produce and was written by a panel of music education practitioners, including Ed Watkins, head of music at the West London Free School, and Julian Lloyd Webber; the panel was chaired by Baroness Fleet.
I would love to discuss that curriculum and learn more about XYZ.
What steps she is taking to improve school buildings.
Well-maintained school buildings are a priority for this Government, and we will spend whatever it takes to keep children and staff safe.
We have allocated £1.8 billion in 2023-24—£15 billion  since 2015—to improve the condition of school buildings, and we are working to address reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
We are transforming hundreds of schools across the country through our school rebuilding programme.
The excellent Lakes School at Troutbeck Bridge serves the communities of Windermere and Ambleside and those further afield with 11-to-18 education, but it is widely acknowledged that the school needs a full rebuild because the buildings are well beyond their sell-by date.
Because of the unique history of the site, on which I am happy to brief the Minister separately, it is very likely that we will have significant charitable and private funds to help towards a rebuild, as long as there is some Government support as well.
Will he agree to meet me and the school leaders to talk about how we can make sure that a brilliant school has a bright future?
Absolutely; I will be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We want all our schools, including excellent schools such as the Lakes School in the Lake district, to have the best-quality school buildings.
That is our priority, and I will be delighted to meet him and teachers at the school to discuss how to make it happen in his constituency.
This Conservative Government will fund a new school to replace the flood-prone Tipton St John primary school.
However, that can happen only once a suitable alternative site is found.
Will my right hon.
Friend do everything possible to speed up the process so that pupils have a safe new school as soon as possible?
We are working actively with the diocese of Exeter and with Devon County Council to identify suitable sites for the school.
Site appraisals are due to be completed by the end of this year.
Once a site is identified, we will work with the diocese and the council to expedite the acquisition of the site.
I fully understand and share my hon.
Friend’s desire for urgency in this matter.