Last week, the Government added another 41 schools and colleges to the RAAC list, bringing the total to 214.
The Education Secretary claims that children prefer to learn in portacabins, but it is far from a joke when some are still waiting for temporary classrooms, studying from home or in cramped sports halls and dining rooms.
Can the Minister confirm the total number of pupils who are already impacted and are expected to be impacted by this chaos?
When will all children receive undisrupted face-to-face learning?
Surely that is the minimum that a parent can expect for their child.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her first Education questions and her appointment as shadow Schools Minister, although this is not our first exchange since her appointment.
She is right: there are 214 schools and colleges with confirmed RAAC, which is an increase from the 173 we announced in September.
Of those 214 schools, the pupils at 202, or 94%, are in full-time, face-to-face education, and 12 schools or colleges are  offering hybrid face-to-face and remote education.
Our objective and our focus is to ensure that schools are supported to put in place immediate measures to enable face-to-face education to continue.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of the holiday activities and food programme.
The holiday activities and food programme introduced by this Government is hugely important to families up and down the country and supported 685,000 children last summer.
We know the positive impacts that these programmes are having on a range of issues, such as by improving attendance.
One child in Stoke who attended a HAF programme run by the Kingsland CE Academy increased their school attendance by 32% and is no longer considered to be persistently absent.
That is just one example of the wonderful work that HAF programmes do, and there is also strong evidence that they improve health, behaviour and confidence in children.
I have seen at first hand just how brilliant the Government-backed holiday activities and food programmes are for children and young people and their families in Eastbourne.
In one magical piece of feedback, a little girl at the Art House café sidled up to me and said, “One day I will own a place just like this,” and I have seen the same energy across the piece.
Given that we are hoping that there is a connection between attendance and HAF uptake, what more can we do to provide and promote opportunities for children and young people with SEND, and also for the 11-plus and early teens?
When it launched, HAF was the first summer camp for hundreds of thousands of children—70% had never experienced a holiday club before—and this summer, 4,000 children benefited in East Sussex.
HAF is open to children from ages five to 16.
Local authorities should meet the needs of all cohorts, including by offering programmes for older children and those with special educational needs.
I urge all hon.
Members to visit their local HAF over the Christmas recess; they really are heart-warming.
I have visited my local HAF in Washington over the last few summers, and I certainly will if there is one at Christmas.
Does the Minister have any plans to extend the scheme further?
There is obviously a lot more need than the current HAF schemes can meet, especially with the cost of living crisis.
As I mentioned, 685,000 children were helped just this summer.
Our independent evaluation found that around two thirds of the 700,000 children attending overall live in some of the most deprived areas across the country, so we believe we are getting the targeting right.
We are very proud of this programme, which we think is a brilliant addition to the landscape, and we want to ensure that it benefits as many people as possible.
Whether her Department has conducted a review of the effectiveness of provider access legislation.
We are hugely strengthening technical and provider access in schools.
We have legislated for pupils to have six encounters with apprentice organisations and technical colleges.
Ofsted is looking closely at careers guidance, and the apprentice support and knowledge network is going into over 2,000 schools, supporting 680,000 pupils and encouraging them to take up apprenticeships or other skills offerings.
Colleges in Southport have raised concerns about careers advice opportunities for students with SEND—specifically, about the suitability of the oversight and the supposed added value of these sessions.
Will my right hon.
Friend detail what steps the Government are taking to ensure that these sessions are personalised better to support SEND students in their transition into employment?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for special needs pupils, and he is absolutely right.
We need to ensure that special needs pupils have employment opportunities, along with everybody else.
We are investing over £18 million over the next three years in supported internship schemes for high special needs 16-to-19 pupils.
We have a mentor scheme for disabled apprentices, the Careers & Enterprise Company has put in SEND support to ensure high-quality careers guidance and training, and 82% of SEND schools are now part of careers hubs.
As supportive as I am of this scheme, I do not think that up to six sessions really cuts it.
Will the Minister consider a scheme similar to Aimhigher, which was introduced by the previous Labour Government to encourage young people into higher education and down the vocational route?
This would give young people mentors who have been through apprenticeship schemes and really get them hooked on the opportunities that vocational education can bring.