Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I thank the Prime Minister for the advance copy of his statement.
The brutal attack in Israel just over two weeks ago was the darkest day in Jewish history since the holocaust—two weeks of grief for the innocent people who lost brothers, sisters, children; two weeks of torture for the families whose loved ones were taken hostage by Hamas.
There was a small glimmer of light this weekend with the release of two American hostages, Natalie and Judith Raanan.
I met members of their family last week, and I know that they will be overcome with relief.
But Hamas still hold hundreds more—sons, daughters, mums, dads are still missing.
They are innocent people who could, if Hamas willed it, be released immediately.
But they remain hostage because Hamas want the chaos of war.
Hamas want Jews to suffer.
Hamas want the Palestinian people to share in the pain, because the Palestinian people are not their cause, and peace is not their aim.
The dignity of human life—Jew or Muslim—means absolutely nothing to them.
In light of their barbarism, Israel has the right to defend herself.
Yes, to get her hostages home, but also to defeat Hamas so that nobody need suffer like this again and so that we might once more see a road to a lasting peace, with a Palestinian state alongside a safe and secure Israel.
This operation can and must be done within international law.
We democracies know that all human life is equal.
Innocent lives must be protected.
Those are the principles that differentiate us from the terrorists who target Israel.
There must now be clear humanitarian corridors within Gaza for those escaping violence.
Civilians must not be targeted.
Where Palestinians are forced to flee, they must not be permanently displaced from their homes.
International law is clear.
It also means that basic services, including water, electricity and the fuel needed for it, cannot be denied.
Hamas might not care for the safety and security of the Palestinian people, but we do.
We cannot and will not close our eyes to their suffering.
Gaza is now a humanitarian emergency.
There is not enough food.
Clean water is running out.
Hospitals are going without medicine and electricity.
People are starving, reduced to drinking contaminated filth.
Babies are lying in incubators that could switch off at any moment.
The deal struck by the United States to get a flow of trucks through the Rafah crossing is an important first step.
There were 20 on Saturday and 14 on Sunday, but it is nowhere near enough.
Gaza is not a small town facing a few shortages; it has a population the size of Greater Manchester.
It is a place where, even before this devastation, life was a struggle.
Gaza needs aid, and it needs to be rapid, safe, unhindered and regular.
Countries able to provide support must step up, including the United Kingdom, so I welcome the increased funding for humanitarian aid that the Prime Minister has announced this afternoon.
The EU has promised to treble humanitarian aid and the US has appointed a special co-ordinator for international aid to Gaza.
I ask whether the Prime Minister can commit to the same, because Britain must stand ready to ensure that aid gets to the right places, to deploy British experts and medical support teams, and to work with international partners to give UN agencies the resources they need for the long term, because there is a long term.
Even as we stand by Israel in her fight against Hamas, our eyes must also look to the future: a future where Israeli citizens live free from the fear of terrorist attacks, and a future for the Palestinian people where they and their children enjoy the freedoms and opportunities that we take for granted.
For too long, we have talked about a two-state solution and the dignity and justice of a Palestinian state alongside a safe and secure Israel, without a serious path or will to make it happen.
For too long, we have allowed welcome progress in improving relations between Israel and her neighbours to sit without any progress on the future for Palestine and its people.
That must change.
We stand with Israel and her right to defend herself against the terrorists of Hamas.
We stand for international law, the protection of innocent lives and humanitarian support for the Palestinians.
We do so because we stand for a political path to a two-state solution and a better future.
These are dark days, but the light must never go out.
We must not let it.