I said last week that history would judge us based on our response not just to the abhorrent terrorist attack in Israel but to the humanitarian crisis that was undoubtedly unfolding in Gaza.
In our collective unequivocal condemnation of the abhorrent attacks of  7 October , the House has been and continues to be fully united, just as we are united in our condemnation of any form of antisemitism that rears its head on these isles, and in our thoughts and prayers for all the hostages, who need to be returned safely to their families.
However, in respect of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, while I welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement, I believe that we must go further.
Here is why.
Turning off electricity and water to Gaza is collective punishment.
Limiting the free access of food and medicines to Gaza is collective punishment.
Preventing people, including British citizens, from fleeing Gaza is collective punishment.
Dropping leaflets in northern Gaza telling people to flee or they will be deemed partners of Hamas is a precursor to further collective punishment.
All of us in the Chamber know that collective punishment is prohibited by international law.
I ask the Prime Minister to use his office to do some good on the humanitarian side of the conflict in Gaza and to answer the question I asked last week.
Given the severity of this appalling situation, will he now agree that a ceasefire is required in the region?
I would characterise the situation differently from the hon.
Gentleman, with the greatest of respect.
Israel has suffered an appalling act of terror.
It has the right to defend itself and ensure that something like it does not happen again.
He talked about people moving from the north to south of Gaza; it is absolutely right that Israel takes every precaution to avoid harming civilians.
In my conversation with the President, he confirmed that Israel intends to act within international humanitarian law, but Hamas are preventing people from moving, keeping them in harm’s way.
The hon.
Gentleman did not mention that in his question, but he would do well to recognise that that is Hamas’s policy: embedding themselves in civilian populations, using civilians as human shields and preventing them from leaving when they have been given advance notice.
Where I agree, and have been very clear, is that we must do everything we can to support humanitarian efforts in Gaza.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous comments.
I raised all those issues with the Israeli Prime Minister, and we will continue to do everything we can.
Again, I point out that it is not just a function of money but about the logistics of getting very considerable amounts of aid into the region.
The UK has capability and expertise that we are very willing to bring to bear, and we are having active discussions about how best to do so.
Let me start by thanking the Chelmsford Muslim community for hosting a meeting that brought together Jewish, Muslim and Christian leaders on Friday.
All were deeply shocked by the events of  7 October .
There is no place for hate, but there is great concern about the loss of civilian life since then, and the risk of contagion and of the situation escalating even further.
I thank our Prime Minister for saying that, in defending itself from terror, Israel also needs to act within international law.
How is that being monitored?
If there are breaches, how would any perpetrator be held to account?
My right hon.
Friend will know that there are established mechanisms for that, but I am reassured by what the Israeli President has said very publicly and in our conversations that Israel intends to act within humanitarian law and is taking every precaution to avoid harming civilians.
We all condemned the attacks by Hamas on innocent civilians, but since then thousands of innocent Palestinians—including children—have been killed by the Israeli army’s bombardment, which I also condemn.
Over a million Palestinians have been displaced, and many more are suffering without access to food, water, electricity, fuel and medicines, which is inhumane and against international law.
Will the Prime Minister join me in calling for a ceasefire today, to end this collective punishment?
Again, Israel has the right the defend itself in line with international and humanitarian law, and it has our support in doing that.
rose— Order.
The statement will run until 5 o’clock, so let us help one another to get everyone in.
How can members of the British Jewish community feel safe when people are allowed to chant on the streets of Britain in favour of jihad, call for the raising of religious armies to go and fight Israel, call for the mobilisation of the intifada, and walk down our street holding signs that display despicable ancient antisemitic tropes?
Those are marches not for peace but for hate.
They glorify the worst murder of Jews since the holocaust, and they have to stop.
Hateful extremism has no place in our society.
Calls for jihad and for Muslim armies to rise up are a threat not only to the Jewish community but to our democratic values.
The police are operationally independent, but the Home Secretary has a role in holding police forces to account.
As Members will know, she raised this matter with the Met police commissioner at their meeting earlier today.
Anyone who commits a crime—whether inciting racial hatred, glorifying terrorism or violating public order—should expect to face the full force of the law.