The Minister mentions some things that are maybe trying to help these students, but recent Higher Education Policy Institute analysis shows that students who previously received free school meals are less likely to complete their degree and those who do are less likely to get a first or a 2:1.
Support cannot stop once they get to university.
Will he detail what support he is giving those students at every stage of their journey to make sure they really do have the same opportunities as those from more privileged backgrounds?
Many universities offer bursaries to students—I highlighted two examples to previous questioners—and we are doing everything possible to ensure that students who do courses get good skills and good jobs at the end.
That is the purpose of our higher education reforms, which, as I understand it, the SNP opposed.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of primary school children meeting expected standards in maths.
Since 2010, we have reformed the maths curriculum, reflecting international best practice, and introduced a network of maths hubs to boost the quality of teaching.
In 2019, primary pupils achieved their highest ever score in the latest TIMSS—trends in international mathematics and science study—international survey, and Ofsted recently found “a resounding, positive shift” in primary maths education.
When will the Government learn that early years matter?
One in four children leave primary school without core maths skills and never catch up.
Does the Minister agree that, instead of forcing everyone to study maths to 18, we should focus on early years and encourage a more positive attitude to learning maths, rather than leave it hanging over pupils?
In fact, we are focusing on both.
We have reformed the early years foundation stage to ensure that there is more interaction between adults and pupils in that stage, with a focus on numeracy and English as well.
In 2011, we took the Singapore primary curriculum as the basis of our primary maths, and we introduced the multiplication tables check for year 4 pupils.
An increasing number of pupils are now fluent in their times tables, in a way that generations of children in the past have not been.
The hon.
Member for Ealing, Southall (Mr Sharma)  and the Minister are both right to stress the importance of maths, but what is vital to all good teaching is proper school place planning.
On the Isle of Wight, councillors are proving unwilling to deliver, or incapable of delivering, a school place plan despite their legal duty.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the Isle of Wight Council acts to fulfil its legal duties soon— Order.
The hon.
Member must try to keep to the main question.
He really is drifting.
He must return to the subject of primary education.
Will you allow me to raise this subject during topical questions instead, Mr Speaker?
No.
Okay.
I am sorry, Sir.
Thank you.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the Isle of Wight Council acts to fulfil its legal obligations?
At present it is letting down parents, pupils and teachers.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
We are aware that the Isle of Wight is experiencing a decline in the number of primary school children, which is creating surplus places.
The Department is monitoring the situation closely, and the south east regional director will be meeting the local authority next month to discuss this and other concerns that we have about the Isle of Wight.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of pupils persistently absent from schools.
Improving attendance is one of my top priorities.
Our attendance hub now supports 800 schools, benefiting more than 400,000 pupils; 86% of schools subscribe to our attendance data tool to spot at-risk pupils; and we have specialist programmes helping some of the most vulnerable, including children with social workers, children with special educational needs, and young people facing particular issues such as mental ill health.
Our approach is starting to turn the tide—recent data show that 380,000 fewer children were persistently not at school last year—but absence levels are still too high, and that remains my No. 1 priority.
As the Secretary of State has said, progress in reducing persistent absence is not as fast as anyone would like, and in places such as Blackpool the attendance monitoring pilots will be crucial.
However, according to the charity School-Home Support, which has been working in Blackpool for 18 months, there is a need to focus on more than just individual pupils, and the “whole family support” model is also crucial.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, along with representatives of School-Home Support, to hear about the pertinent lessons that they have learnt in Blackpool, which contains the most deprived neighbourhoods in the country?
If we cannot get it right in Blackpool, where else are we going to get it right?
I entirely agree with my hon.
Friend: School-Home Support does incredible work in Blackpool.
The Government’s supporting families programme, backed by £200 million, focuses on attendance by supporting the whole family.
Blackpool is also one of our 24 priority education investment areas, with six family support workers helping 11 schools to improve attendance.
I am  sure that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues further.
It is not uncommon for kids who have had a brain injury, particularly a significant brain injury, to receive plenty of care and support at school immediately after the event, but, some six to nine months later, to suffer real cognitive problems.
They may suffer from depression or anxiety, they may sometimes be unable to inhibit themselves, and they may stop turning up for school and start getting into trouble.
Can the Secretary of State commission a specific piece of work on providing protection and support for those children and their families, who desperately need it?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, he and I both worked on this topic when I had a different role.
Of course we want all children to be helped to get into school, because they can only benefit from this fantastic education if they are there, and of course schools should make adjustments if children need them.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools will be happy to meet him as well in order to understand further what more we can do in this regard.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs in Walsall South constituency.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
In March, we published our improvement plan to transform support for children with special educational needs, and last month we launched nine regional change programme partnerships to drive reform.
By 2024-25, we will have increased high needs funding by 60% since 2019-20, and we have approved the opening of 78 special free schools.
Local authorities have spent nearly a quarter of a billion pounds fighting parents at SEND tribunals since 2014, yet they have a failure rate of over 90%.
What steps is the Department taking to overhaul that process, which has caused SEND parents in Northampton South unnecessary distress?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that tribunals are costly and stressful, but it is important to say that most education, health and care needs assessments  and plans are concluded without a tribunal hearing.
We will be introducing new national standards, strengthened mediation and greater system-wide accountability to give families the support they need earlier and reduce the number of tribunals.
I was one of 31 MPs from across the Chamber who signed the f40 letter to my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor urging significant investment in SEN.
Will my hon.
Friend, behind the scenes at least, endorse that campaign and also look at how we can reduce the reliance on education, health and care plans, which are a barrier to so many young people getting the education they need?
It is probably worth saying that I am an f40 MP myself, and I met the group just last week to hear its concerns.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about EHCPs, through the reform plan we are working to get parents the support they need for their child at an earlier stage so that they do not always need an EHCP to get that support.
There is a crisis in funding for SEND in Walsall South.
In Old Church Primary, 78 pupils have special needs, which is 19% of the school total.
How can the Minister target the funding to the schools that really need it?
Does he agree that when Ofsted inspects, it should take into account children with special needs in schools such as Old Church so that these are mitigating factors?
The right hon.
Lady makes an important point about the role of Ofsted and ensuring that it assesses that provision.
It is worth saying that there will have been a 36% per-head increase in Walsall between 2021-22 and 2024-25, but I would be happy to meet her to discuss the issue further.
Thanks to Government support, local Conservatives in the London Borough of Bexley have secured an incredible £39.5 million to expand and improve SEND provision in our borough.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is vital that local authorities, charities, schools and families work closely together to maximise the educational impact of this Government-backed funding?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I pay tribute to his campaigning on this issue and to the work of Bexley council.
It is absolutely the case that people should be engaging not just with schools and families but with local charities, which are often best placed to understand the needs of families and their children.
Families in Selby and Ainsty have been waiting nearly half a decade for spades in the ground at a new SEND school for the Selby area.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that there are no further delays to this vital project?
The hon.
Gentleman and I have exchanged letters about this matter.
We remain absolutely committed to the school and I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
The SEND crisis extends to Devon, and my postbag is full of correspondence from parents trying to get their children the educational provision they need.
It has got so bad that in some cases children are being taught in school cupboards, and Devon has appointed a SEND champion to its cabinet.
What steps is the Department taking to help boost SEND services in rural areas such as mine?
There has been a 30% increase in the per-head funding to schools in Devon for their special educational needs provision, and the whole thrust of our reform plan is to make the system work better for parents and families and get the support for their children at the stage when they need it.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol. 738, c. 6MC.]
We now come to the shadow Minister.
“Lose, lose, lose”, costing a “fortune” and not providing “the right service”.
Those are not my words but those of the Secretary of State describing the SEND system over which her Government have been presiding for the last 13 years.
Will the Minister tell the House when he expects the plans that the Government have announced for SEND to make a difference to the long waiting times and lack of support experienced by so many families across the country?
We have already begun the reform programme and have just launched the nine change partnerships, which are already starting to make a difference to the provision.
I would just say to the hon.
Lady that this is yet another area where the Labour party has absolutely no policies whatsoever.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol. 738, c. 7MC.]
What steps her Department is taking to promote the uptake of higher technical qualifications.
We are revolutionising our skills offering by introducing 172 higher technical qualifications at more than 140 providers at levels 4 and 5.
This includes £115 million for providers and £300 million for 21 institutes of technology.
I note that the Opposition want to rebadge institutes of technology as technical colleges of excellence.
In our view, all our colleges are places of technical excellence.