I am grateful to the permanent secretary for writing to the Committee as soon as that recent funding error was identified, and for her apology for the concern that it caused.
Although no actual money was lost to schools as a result, it reflects the complexity of the current system.
We have promised a fair formula for funding, which will flow directly to schools.
When do Ministers expect to be able to legislate to put that in place?
It is our intention to legislate, but I cannot give a date for that at the Dispatch Box.
I will keep my hon.
Friend informed.
Despite North West Leicestershire delivering consistently the highest economic growth in the country, with the resulting tax revenue benefits to the Treasury, my constituents have been blighted by very low per-pupil funding for a long time, as Leicestershire has bumped along the bottom of the funding table for decades.
Does the Secretary of State have any words of comfort for my constituents?
The introduction of the NFF will direct resources according to need.
That has meant that funding has been redistributed to catch up with these changes.
Those with the highest number of pupils with additional needs will also be targeted via the NFF.
What steps she is taking to help support students with the cost of living.
What steps she is taking to help support students with the cost of living.
This year and last year, the Government have provided £94 billion of cost of living support in England.
In education, more than a third of children get free school meals.
University tuition fees have been frozen and we have provided £276 million of student premium to help the most disadvantaged students.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol. 738, c. 5MC.]
During my latest meeting with student leaders in Canterbury, they told me that, often, new students will visit the food bank, the Campus Pantry, before they have even unpacked their bags or settled in.
In the 2021-22 academic year, 45 students visited; by 2022-23, that number had risen to 301—a 650% rise in regular food bank users.
They expect a similar rise this  academic year.
What will the Government do to help all those, including students and staff on campus, who are forced to turn to food banks?
I know the hon.
Lady cares deeply about the welfare of her students.
We are doing everything we can to help students with the cost of living.
I mentioned the £276 million.
One of her universities, Canterbury Christ Church University, provides a £600 bursary to students.
Every family has received from the Government on average £3,300 for energy bills and other support.
We are trying to be fair to the taxpayer, but fair to students and ensure the most disadvantaged are helped.
While the cost of food, heating and rent has rocketed, the value of the student maintenance loan has fallen by £1,500 in real terms since 2020-21.
Recent research by the University of Nottingham Students’ Union revealed that the cost of living crisis is affecting students’ education, and their physical and mental health.
It found that almost one in 10 students had a weekly budget of £20 or less after rent, and one in five had a weekly budget of £20 or less after rent and bills.
Thirty-seven per cent had considered leaving university because of the difficulties they faced paying for essentials.
Does the Minister think that these are acceptable conditions for students to be struggling under?
It is precisely because of the figures the hon.
Lady sets out that we are helping students, with £276 million to try to ensure we help the most disadvantaged students.
Her own university—she mentioned Nottingham University—gives a £1,000 bursary to disadvantaged students.
We are also giving up to £90 billion of extra help to disadvantaged families, we have frozen tuition fees and we look at loan repayments if family incomes fall below 15%, so we are doing everything possible to support the most disadvantaged to get higher education.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol. 738, c. 6MC.]