I say to the hon.
Gentleman, whom I respect enormously, that 70% of apprentices are at level 2 or 3.
I hoped that he would be getting up to celebrate the 10,130 apprenticeship starts in Birmingham, Selly Oak since May 2010.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the availability of high-quality childcare.
We are investing over £4.1 billion to expand the current free childcare entitlement offer to eligible working parents of children aged nine to 36 months.
We are also increasing the hourly rates for childcare providers for the existing entitlements, and funding rates will be confirmed in the autumn.
The Government’s proposals will lead to thousands more families expecting to access childcare, so we might expect to see more childcare opening.
However, in the past year some 600 nurseries have already closed, and in my constituency of Walthamstow there are now three children chasing every childcare place.
Why does the Minister think that is the case, what will he do about it, and how will we ensure that in April parents who are not already accessing childcare can do so?
Part of the reason why we are staggering the entitlement is to ensure that we have the staff in place to deliver it.
In the next few weeks we will announce changes to the processes for recruiting people.
We will launch a big campaign of recruitment in the new year to increase the workforce, and I have every confidence that we will meet the commitment.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for special needs education.
Higher needs funding for children and young people with complex needs is increasing by a further £440 million next year, bringing the total higher needs budget to £10.5 billion in 2024-25—60% higher than it was in 2019-20.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, and I heard the earlier responses, but there is a shortage of places in special needs schools—special schools for children who need those places.
Will he carry out a national assessment of the number of places that are available in special schools against the number of places that are needed, because it is resulting in some children having to attend mainstream schools when actually they should be in special schools?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have approved the opening of 78 special schools, and this year we collected new data from local authorities on their capacity and demand forecast for special schools.
That will help us to support them more effectively to fulfil their duty to provide sufficient places.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Mr Speaker, I stand with this House in condemning the barbaric terrorist attacks on Israel.
The brutal actions of Hamas have sent shockwaves that have reverberated all the way to our shores.
My ministerial team and I recently met leaders from the Jewish education community.
I was deeply moved by the experiences that they shared but horrified by the rise in antisemitism that they faced.
That is totally unacceptable.
All students deserve to learn without fear or harassment.
Disturbingly, I have also seen evidence of students and academics appearing to support Hamas.
Let me be crystal clear: Hamas is a terrorist organisation and supporting it is a criminal act.
The Government will take action against those who do.
With my Ministers, I have written to schools, colleges and universities, reminding them of their duties under Prevent and that incidents of antisemitism will not be tolerated.
We teach our children the British values of liberty, mutual respect and tolerance.
This Government will always stand by those values.
I join my right hon.
Friend in the comments that she has just made.
Strike action in schools has caused significant disruption to children and parents in my constituency and resulted in the loss of some 25 million school days across the country.
I welcome the part that my right hon.
Friend played in bringing the dispute to an end, with the largest pay award for teachers in 30 years.
However, what further steps is she taking to protect children from the impact of future strike action?
My right hon.
Friend is correct: it is unacceptable that the disruption caused over 10 days of strike action saw millions of school days lost.
That is why the Government are introducing minimum service levels in schools and colleges, to protect children and parents from the damaging impact of future strike action.
We must find a balance between teachers’ right to strike and protecting children’s education.
In the first instance, we have asked unions to work with us on a voluntary agreement.