A nursery owner in my constituency told me how the Government’s funding for so-called “free” hours covers only about half of their costs, and even with the recently announced uplift for three and four-year-olds, the rate simply does not meet their needs.
The Early Years Alliance found that a third of childcare providers suggested that they may close within a year due to rising costs.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that all these parents who are being told that they are now eligible for free childcare are actually able to access some?
Specifically, I will deliver free childcare for all parents of nine-month-olds until they start school.
We have worked with 10,000 businesses to make sure that we get this right.
We are supporting the development of new places, by increasing the rates by up to £200 million this year and £288 million next year.
We also have a huge programme of work.
We will be considering all options to make sure that we are increasing the capacity in the system and that there is enough money in the system to deliver on our policies.
Whether her Department is taking steps to increase the number of multi-disciplinary subjects taught to students before university.
I share my hon.
Friend’s view about the importance of a broad curriculum, which is why the English Baccalaureate combination of core GCSEs is so important.
English, maths, at least two sciences, a humanity and a foreign language are a key preparation for the Advanced British Standard at ages 16 to 19.
The proportion of pupils entered for the EBacc has increased from 22% in 2010 to 39% in 2022.
When I was a student—and a bit of a surfer dude—at the University of Southern California, I was struck by the fact that Americans, when they go to university, do not have to make the choice when they are 16 or 17 between arts and sciences.
Will the initiative announced by the Secretary of State in Manchester mean that, in future, British students will not have to make that early choice?
Increasing the number of subjects under the Advanced British Standard means that students will have the benefits of the greater breadth of study that my hon.
Friend references from his own experience as a surfing dude.
The intention is that majors will have comparable depth and rigour to A-levels so that they can support progression, including to university.
What steps her Department is taking to support people aged 16 to 19 in education.
We are investing an additional £3.8 billion over the course of the Parliament to strengthen post-16 education and training, and we will boost 16-to-19 funding by £1.6 billion compared with 2021-22.
We have launched our T-level programme, and 52% of apprenticeship starts in 2022-23 provisionally were by young people under 25.