Let me just say exactly what I have been trying to do over the past week: ensure that we can diplomatically engage with partners in the region—as, indeed, the Foreign Secretary has been doing.
That has resulted in humanitarian aid coming into Gaza.
More needs to come, but that is a sign of progress.
In all our conversations, particularly with the Emir of Qatar, we are focused on releasing hostages of all nationalities, but we are particularly concerned about the British hostages.
We will continue to have that engagement with our partners to do everything in our power to secure the release of the hostages.
My right hon.
Friend knows that I am one of the Members of this House who takes the most satisfaction in the fact that it is he who is Prime Minister of this great democratic country, with all the powers of analysis that he brings to his role.
We are all in this nation accountable before the law—perhaps the only one who is not has to act on my right hon.
Friend’s advice anyway, and he is accountable before the law like everyone else.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement, but we do not quite get to the conclusion.
This is a watershed moment: we are either going to build a future that is based on a killing field in Gaza, or we are going to have a ceasefire and the opportunity to bring the necessary aid there for all the people who are  suffering now so appallingly.
My right hon.
Friend knows that we must operate within the law.
The law is clear and it requires a ceasefire to be implemented now.
It is difficult to tell Israel to have a ceasefire when it is still facing rocket fire on an almost daily basis and when its citizens are still being held hostage.
It has suffered an appalling terrorist attack and has a right to defend itself, but, as I have said, it is important that that is done in accordance with international law and it is important that Israel takes every possible precaution to avoid harming civilians.
Based on all my conversations, that is something we will continue to expect and continue to impress on the Israeli Government.
Nobody is arguing about whether Israel has a right to defend itself, but my constituents want to know what has already been asked by Members from the Prime Minister’s own side: what happens if international law is not followed?
Can the Prime Minister give some assurance to the country, and to people in my constituency, that if Israel breaches international law in its endeavours to defend itself, he will stand at that Dispatch Box and say so?
As the hon.
Lady well knows, there are established processes and mechanisms to take account of international law.
But again, we cannot lose sight, just a week or two later, of the fact that Hamas—an absolutely evil terrorist organisation—have perpetrated a horrific attack on over 1,000 people in Israel, and Israel has the right to defend itself and ensure that that does not happen again.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his recent attempts in the middle east and for his reminder that the UK, regardless of political party, has been behind the two-state solution from the word go.
It is also becoming very clear, as he referenced, that Iran’s hand is behind all the genocidal murdering and kidnapping of Jewish Israeli people.
I therefore ask a simple question.
If we know all this, and we now know it is abroad in the UK creating useful idiots to go out and promote its propaganda, is it not time that we reviewed again the role of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps with a view to banning its activities, and the role of Iranian banks here in the UK, in the City of London?
Why are they still here getting money and putting it towards terrorist activities?
We have already taken strong action, such as sanctioning more than 350 Iranian individuals and entities, including the IRGC in its entirety.
Furthermore, the National Security Act 2023 implements new measures to protect the British public, including new offences of espionage and foreign interference.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, we do not comment on specific organisations and whether they are being considered for proscription, but he can rest assured that we discus Iran and how best to contain it with all our allies on a regular basis.
Indiscriminate bombing and obliterating entire neighbourhoods is a war crime.
Collective punishment and starving a population  of necessities is a war crime.
Ordering 1.1 million people to leave their homes and forcibly displacing them is a war crime as well.
I absolutely condemn Hamas’s killing of Israeli civilians, and I echo the calls for the release of hostages, but that does not excuse war crimes, and merely saying that international law should be followed when it is clearly not being followed is an insult.
Let me ask the Prime Minister this: how many more Palestinians must die before he condemns Israel for violating international law, and calls for an immediate ceasefire?
As I have made very clear, we support the Palestinian people because they are victims of Hamas too.
We mourn the loss of every innocent life; we mourn the loss of civilians of every faith and every nationality who have been killed in this conflict.
However, I simply disagree with the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of what is going on.
There is a significant difference between a terrorist organisation that deliberately and specifically targeted the killing, mutilation and murder of innocent civilians—including children and women and babies—a couple of weeks ago, and Israel’s lawful right to defend itself and go after those perpetrators.