I join the Secretary of State in recognising the impact of the conflict in the middle east on our education system here and the importance of every child being able to attend school safely.
Rates of persistent absence are now double what they were five years ago.
Labour’s plan starts with resetting the relationship between families and schools, delivering new mental health hubs, and having counsellors in every secondary school and breakfast clubs for every primary school child.
The Prime Minister’s first step was to say that he had maxed out on supporting our children, and now the Secretary of State is blaming parents for keeping children at home with a cold.
When are Ministers going to get a grip on this serious problem?
We do take this issue extremely seriously; as I said, it is my No. 1 priority.
The Attendance Action Alliance includes the Children’s Commissioner, Department of Health and Social Care representatives, social workers and many others working together.
The letter was sent to help parents because we have noticed that in some cases there has been a change in attendance as a result of parents not being clear about whether they should send their children to school with minor ailments.
Chris Whitty took it upon himself to write, and we very much support his action.
Persistent absence is a symptom of a wider breakdown of trust right across our school system.
It is no surprise, given that the Conservatives reopened pubs before they reopened schools, that they have left schools to crumble, and that they have allowed disruptive strike action to drag on for months.
Labour’s first priority will be to rebuild that relationship between schools, families and Government.
Does the Secretary of State not believe that parents and children deserve a lot better than the sorry mess she is presiding over today?
The hon.
Lady talks about responsibility and accountability.
When Labour were warned about RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—in 1997, 1999, 2002 and 2007, they did nothing.
When Labour spent money on school rebuilding, they ignored school conditions altogether.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady needs to listen to this.
They even rebuilt three schools and left RAAC within the buildings.
A school even collapsed in 2018.
What did they do in Wales?
Absolutely nothing.
We make the tough decisions.
Labour cannot even make a single decision.
In the wake of the massacre that occurred in Israel—the greatest loss of life since the holocaust—cases of antisemitism in this country have risen by 582%, and Jewish students on our campuses feel very unsafe.
Glorification of this massacre has been carried out at Warwick University, Bristol University, University College London and the School of Oriental and African Studies.
It is unacceptable for universities to tolerate such activity, so will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning antisemitism and state what she will do to ensure that Jewish students  feel safe on campus and can study like every other British citizen?
Sadly, there are a number of Hamas’s useful idiots—a fifth column—across some of our universities.
The Secretary of State has said that she will not stand for it; the Home Secretary will not stand for it.
We have written to universities.
This is absolutely unacceptable; we expect our universities to be safe places for all Jewish students.