And we can reopen the courts in Chorley—they are available.
I come back to the fact that this Government are investing in our court estate.
We have invested an additional £20 million in our court buildings for maintenance and to keep the show on the road, but my hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the delays will reach a tipping point if we choose to do nothing about them, and that is simply not an option.
The obligation on the state is to deliver a fair trial, and timeliness is critical to that.
The longer the wait, the more likely it is that victims will pull out of the system and that the evidence becomes undermined, because people’s memories fade.
That is why timeliness and getting the delays down is so critical to the mission we have to pursue.
Here we go again.
Labour always talks tough on crime and always goes soft.
The Minister talked about David Gauke as one of our own, as if that was some defence—I assure her that I probably have more in common with her than I do with David Gauke.
That is not a good way to show off credentials on being tough on crime.
I have seen at first hand where the courts, the police and the Crown Prosecution Service work together to cut through all the bureaucracy and backlogs to get tough on crime.
In Lancashire, 23 organised crime gang members were being taken off the streets every single week through Op Warrior, with many remanded straight into prison and their cases going through the courts.
I plead with the Minister to rule out as soon as possible any of the measures recommended that would see those organised crime gang members potentially not even getting a criminal record.
It is a bit rich to accuse those on the Government Benches of being soft on crime.
The hon.
Gentleman’s party allowed the prisons to run hot and added 500 prison places in 14 years—we have committed the money for 14,000.
That simply does not stand up to scrutiny.
The Conservatives allowed the backlogs in the courts to simply run out of control, to the point where Alex Chalk—again, another of their own—pointed out that the position would become irrecoverable.
That is the consequence of doing nothing.
Being tough on crime is about rebuilding and investing in our criminal justice system, investing in prisons and our courts,  delivering on the tough reforms that will be required to deliver swifter justice for victims and getting tough on exactly the sorts of gangs that the hon.
Gentleman describes.
After 14 years of Conservative government, victims of rape and serious sexual crimes are waiting years to see justice.
It appears that the shadow Justice Secretary has recently discovered that our criminal justice system is broken.
When does the Minister think he will discover who broke it?
That is not in order.
Order.
Mr Stuart, I do not need any challenges from you.
You should know better; you are on the Speaker’s Panel of Chairs.
You really do have to think about what you are saying.
Your behaviour is getting intolerable.
When the Victims’ Commissioner, the London Victims’ Commissioner and those who engage and support victims through victim services tell me that we have to take this opportunity for once-in-a-generation reform, because we are letting victims of crimes down, I take that more seriously than any other pleas for change.
It is absolutely obvious that the delays from running a system with such record and rising backlogs and the failure to invest have real consequences for people’s lives.
People are pulling out of the system and out of the process because they have simply lost faith in it.
I will be thinking of their voices—of the victims—every day that we consider these proposals and drive them forward.
Failure is not an option.
I have caution about stripping back jury trials, so I ask the Government to commit to tackling court backlogs by investing in more court capacity, particularly in Bristol and the west country, by supporting rehabilitation to stop reoffending and people coming back into the system so quickly, and by addressing the root causes of crime.
Will the Minister consider that under the Leveson proposals, there may be space for some of the best examples of the US courts system?
Some states have next-day hearings for domestic abuse cases, where courts can catch perpetrators in the window of remorse, when they will recognise their guilt and accept that they need to change.
The hon.
Member is right that as we take forward and are ready to announce the package of reforms in response to Sir Brian’s review, we will consider how we can take forward the best of our existing system and, indeed, learn from other systems.
Whether that is intensive supervision courts, where we have seen some good results, or tackling the root causes that lie behind crime and engaging in preventive measures, we should be doing all that.
This is our opportunity.
We have reached a point of crisis.
We have reached the point of emergency—no more, no less—as a result of the inheritance from the previous Government, but we have got to take the opportunity to build back better, with a more sustainable and more innovative justice system that the public can  have confidence in and that protects the public.
That is what we must do.
The hon.
Member is right: we should learn, we should listen and we should build something better.
As I think Members across the House would agree, Alex Chalk, the former Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary, was taken seriously in this place, as were his opinions.
He recently said that some cases “could conceivably be dealt with by a judge and two wingers, so reserve the Crown court for the most serious cases… It is helpful to look at which cases should be triable either way and which should be summary only.”
Does the Minister agree that it is worth taking note of serious voices like Alex Chalk, rather than the opportunism of the shadow Justice Secretary?
This issue is far too serious not to take seriously.
I listen to voices, such as those of the former Lord Chancellor, former Lord Chief Justice Sir Ian Burnett, the Victims’ Commissioner and Sir Mark Rowley.
They are all saying that we have got to take these matters and these recommendations seriously.
It is that serious work that this Government will engage in, and we will not duck the difficult decisions.