My constituents have a very simple view of the criminal justice system: they want to know that the victims of crime will have their day in court and that the perpetrators will have a punishment commensurate with the crime they commit.
That underpins their faith in the system, so they come forward to report crime.
While the Conservatives seek to talk down the justice system, will the Minister set out what she and her Department are doing to ensure that victims of crime feel confident enough to come forward to report crimes, hopeful that they will get the outcome they want?
My hon.
Friend speaks so passionately on behalf of his constituents.
I think the public ask for something really simple: if people are unfortunate enough to be the victim of a crime, they expect to have their day in court in a timely fashion, not to be made to wait for years, only to find that the trial has become ineffective and is put off for yet another year.
That undermines faith in the system, and that is what is so detrimental about the neglect and under-investment under the Conservatives.
That has been so corrosive of trust in the justice system.
It is not simply that we are not delivering swift justice for victims; it is that the public risk losing faith in our justice system, which to date has been one of the glories of this country.
Does the Minister agree that one of the worst features of the US justice system is the extreme process of plea bargaining, which gives such a huge differential if somebody pleads guilty that it creates a perverse incentive to do so, even if they are innocent but not confident that they will be acquitted?
Can she guarantee that we are not going down that route, with a 40% discount for pleading guilty coupled with early release for other reasons?
English common law and our commitment to the rule of law with our independent judiciary are part of what make this country great.
We are not going to ape the American system, or indeed any other system.
We will look carefully at the recommendations of Sir Brian Leveson’s report, including in relation to the use of Goodyear indications, but we know that our law is robust.
Provided that we have a justice system that is up to the task of enforcing that law, that is what we are really focused on.
Under the Tories last year, 60% of rape victims dropped out of their cases because they were left waiting years for justice.
We finally have a Justice Secretary who has put victims first and allocated the highest number of sitting days on record.
Given all the outrage from the Conservatives at the size of the backlog, I am really keen to know what they did.
Will the Minister answer what this Labour Government are doing to get justice for victims quicker?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We talk about sitting days and backlogs, and it can all sound a little arid and academic, but it comes back to people.
The fact that so many victims of rape and serious sexual offences pull out of the process is testament to the fact that the system is not working.
That is the direct consequence of allowing the backlogs to run out of control.
We have to keep victims engaged in the process, which is why we have invested specifically in victims services and why we are looking to strengthen the victims code.
Ultimately, victims want swift justice.
That is why we will take a careful look at Sir Brian’s recommendations and do what it takes to bring down the backlog.
Magistrates courts are already under significant stress: some 22% of trials do not go ahead on the day that they are listed.
Removing the right to choose a jury trial for sentences of under two years under an intermediate court cannot reverse years of underfunding, the closure of local courts and severe staff shortages, from prosecutors to defence advocates.
The consultation on the reform of local justice areas proposes to merge three north Wales benches, against the advice of local magistrates.
Does the Minister recognise the risk of yet further disruption to justice in Wales?
The right hon.
Lady has described how important the role of the magistrates courts will be and the importance of whole-system reform.
The Government are not looking to tweak one aspect—to tweak what goes on in the magistrates court or the Crown court.
One of the geniuses of the magistrates court is the local link and the fact that it delivers local justice, so we will look at that carefully, but there is no  getting away from it: the scale of the problem, and what Sir Brian’s report tells us, means that we need whole-system reform of the criminal justice system, from beginning to end.