The Prime Minister knows that every time a paramilitary was killed in Northern Ireland by a British soldier, it triggered a thorough investigation.
No bullet went unscrutinised.
Our soldiers were held to the highest standards of law.
The IRA were not; they tortured, shot men in the back, forced families to watch their menfolk being murdered, and killed women and children with  bombs, yet we are willing to prosecute our own men, who were forced to make life-and-death decisions in split seconds.
If the Government get the legacy legislation wrong, at least 50 innocent retired veterans will be exposed to legal persecution for crimes they did not commit.
I have raised this matter six times since February.
I ask again: on Monday, when we debate this matter in Westminster Hall, will the Government protect our veterans, or will they sacrifice them to politically motivated lawyers who are trying to rewrite history with a pack of lies?
May I join the right hon.
Gentleman in thanking the veterans here today, and all veterans?
He knows that this is a serious issue, and the end of his question did not really reflect that seriousness.
The scheme set up by the Conservative party was found to be unlawful in the courts, and he knows it.
It was not supported by communities.
It would have meant, as he knows, immunity from prosecution for those who committed the most appalling terrorist crimes, and that is why it did not have support in the communities or from any political party in Northern Ireland.
That was among the reasons it was found to be unlawful.
We have to tread carefully, and we have to get this right.
I will work with the right hon.
Gentleman on that, but we do not get there by cheapening the debate.
[Interruption.]
This is not about political point-scoring.
I have worked in Northern Ireland, I have spoken to many of the people affected, and I know that we must get this right.
I want to do so, and I want the House to do that together, if we possibly can, because it matters; but we have to do this in a serious way, and address the issues of the past in a way that has the support of victims and survivors.
That is a key test for me, because without their support, it is very hard to come up with something that will have the confidence of everybody in Northern Ireland.
That is why we have to work in this way.
In advance of the new legislation, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland continues to engage with veterans and their communities to ensure that legacy mechanisms are fair, lawful and proportionate.
I will continue to work with the right hon.
Gentleman and others in the House, because the most important thing is not scoring points, but getting it right.
Last week, I published a report that revealed the terrible legacy that the Conservative party left the NHS locally.
Kids in Basingstoke wait 210 days following a referral for access to mental health services.
That is three times the national average.
I welcome the publication of the 10-year plan last week.
It was led by the Prime Minister, will be delivered by a Labour Health Secretary, and was made possible by a Labour Chancellor.
What more can the Government do to close the gap in mental health services locally, and ensure that every kid in Basingstoke has access to the very best mental health services?
The Conservative party failed to give children the support they need.
The 10-year plan that we have put forward will rewire our NHS and transform mental health services, with 85 dedicated mental health A&E departments, giving 24/7 support; specialist mental health professionals in every school  and college, benefiting 1 million young people this year alone; and an extra 8,500 mental health staff to tackle long waits.
That is only possible because of the decisions that we took to invest in our NHS—decisions that the Conservatives opposed.
I will add to the many calls that the Prime Minister has already heard about the broken SEND system.
I met headteachers and SEND co-ordinators in my constituency of Chichester last week.
They all told me the same thing: the SEND system is broken.
It is adversarial, parents are at breaking point, there are not enough spaces in specialist schools, and the education, health and care plan process is long, harrowing and often degrading.
I know that the Government are exploring their options, but will the Prime Minister take on board the Liberal Democrats’ calls to introduce a national body for SEND, so that we can end the postcode lottery and fix the problem for good?