The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 9 July.
On Monday, we marked the 20th anniversary of the despicable terrorist attacks on 7/7.
The painful memories of that dark day are deeply ingrained: 52 people were murdered and many more were injured.
We thank our emergency services who ran towards danger with true bravery, and send our deepest condolences to the victims, the survivors and bereaved, and all those forever affected by that appalling day.
May I also extend our deepest condolences to the family and friends of Lord Tebbit?
We remember his profound courage in the face of terrorism and a fierce devotion to his wife, Margaret.
May he rest in peace.
We also mark the 30th anniversary of the genocide at Srebrenica.
We remember those lost, and redouble our efforts to fight hatred and intolerance wherever it exists.
I am delighted to welcome President Macron to the United Kingdom.
Our relationship has never been stronger and we are focused on tough new tactics to tackle illegal migration, on major economic investment to create jobs, and on leading our allies to support Ukraine.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks?
At a recent coffee morning, residents in Southampton Itchen told me how much they still miss the Bitterne NHS walk-in centre, which was shut down a decade ago under the Conservatives.
May I begin by welcoming this Government’s 10-year plan and its commitment to neighbourhood health services?
Does the Prime Minister agree that, as we put this plan for change into action for my local residents, Bitterne is an excellent location for the first new neighbourhood health centre?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for making the case for his constituents.
I know the Health Secretary will give it every consideration.
The 10-year plan will establish neighbourhood health centres in every community and will make a massive difference, starting in the places where the need is greatest and life expectancy is at its lowest.
I am proud that we promised 2 million extra NHS appointments in the first year of a Labour Government and we have now delivered 4 million.
We should not forget that the record investment in the Budget, which made that possible, was opposed by all the Opposition parties.