I rise to present a petition on behalf of the Omagh bombing inquiry, which is seeking access to unreported oral evidence given to my predecessors on the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee in 2009.
The petition states: The petition of the Solicitor to the Omagh Bombing Inquiry, Tom Suter Declares that the independent statutory inquiry into the Omagh Bombing includes within its scope “The allegation made by Norman Baxter (former Senior Investigating Officer in the investigation into the Omagh Bombing) in the course of his evidence to the Northern Ireland Select Committee on  11 November 2009 , that police investigators into previous attacks in Moira ( 20 February 1998 ), Portadown ( 9 May 1998 ), Banbridge ( 1 August 1998 ) and Lisburn ( 30 April 1998 ) did not have access to intelligence materials which may reasonably enabled them to disrupt the activities of dissident republican terrorists prior to the Omagh Bombing”; and further that evidence was taken from Mr Baxter in private session which was not reported to the House, and that the inquiry has taken advice on the application of Article 9 of the Bill of Rights to its proceedings and will be mindful of the privileges of the House.
The petitioner therefore requests that the House makes arrangements to supply the transcript of unreported oral evidence taken from Mr Norman Baxter by the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee in private session on  11 November 2009  to the Omagh Bombing Inquiry.
And the petitioner remains, etc.
[P003091] As ever, my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Justice Committee, gives a considered response and he is absolutely right.
There needs to be a recognition of the scale of the problem and two things are required: investment and reform.
When hon.
Members read the report, they will see that Sir Brian is very clear that we need investment.
This Government are already beginning to make that investment, through the additional Crown court sitting days that we have laid on this year; running the system at system max; additional funding for legal aid lawyers and criminal legal aid; and £92 million to keep the sector going, on both the defence and the prosecutorial sides.
We are making that investment but, critically, as Sir Brian makes absolutely clear, that alone will not be enough.
We need to consider once-in-a-generation structural reforms that will run a sustainable, proportionate system that will allow us to deliver swifter justice for victims.
Investment and reform: that is what we will be getting on with and that is what we will report on in the autumn.