The Secretary of State and I are committed to supporting a flourishing broadcasting sector in Scotland and regularly meet its representatives.
I know that my hon.
Friend the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar was part of a recent engagement that the Scotland Office was delighted to co-host with MG Alba, where he spoke passionately about the importance of Gaelic broadcasting, and we share his commitment to it.
We islanders have always been international ambassadors, and I am delighted that some of the Lewis chess pieces are going to France—a little bit of Gaelic Scotland in President Macron’s pocket.
Gaelic broadcasting also has a global reach: 1.8 million viewers watched “An t-Eilean”, MG Alba’s detective series.
Gaelic is a big part of Brand Scotland.
Requesting more money for broadcasting is a straightforward ask, but may I ask Ministers to think more imaginatively about growth deals?
Can we see a Scotland-wide growth deal for Gaelic, for cultural heritage items such as the Lewis chess pieces and for childcare, so that we can grow the social infrastructure of Scotland as well as its physical infrastructure?
That is an interesting point.
My hon.
Friend has been advancing this case, and he is right: the whole objective of the growth deals is to enable people to live well in the places that they love.
As he knows, the UK Government have delivered a historic spending review for Scotland, which includes ambitious plans for local growth to become the foundation of national renewal.
The Scotland Office will continue to engage with him and with other Members on both sides of the House, and with Scottish local government, to ensure that local growth investment supports the change that Labour promised and the change that our communities want to see.
There have been a number of co-productions by BBC Northern Ireland and BBC Scotland.
Does the Minister agree that we should develop and promote co-productions throughout the nations and regions of the United Kingdom, so that we can see excellence and best practice everywhere in the UK?
I do agree that we should be co-operating as far as possible.
Steps have already been taken to preserve the future of home-grown content and talent through initiatives such as the UK Government’s independent film tax credit and high-end tax relief, providing a real opportunity for the industry to grow, but I should certainly like to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about how the industries in Scotland and Northern Ireland could co-operate more effectively.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the industrial strategy on Scotland.
The industrial strategy is transformational for Scotland.
A year ago, the Government inherited an industrial crisis after 14 years of no plan and a complete lack of interest on the part of the SNP and the Conservatives when it came to Scottish industry.
However, I congratulate the SNP on its job creation programme: it has created tens of thousands of jobs in China, Turkey and Poland.
Rather than standing up for Scotland, it has been shipping Scottish jobs overseas.
Scotland has a proud industrial past, and Labour’s industrial strategy will work to ensure that we have a bright industrial future.
We in the Scotland Office will be doing all that we can to exploit these opportunities.
The industrial strategy identifies defence as a key industry.
It is a big employer in Glasgow, and could create many good jobs for my constituents.
However, the SNP has banned the Scottish National Investment Bank and Scottish Enterprise from investing in defence companies.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this shows that the SNP Government are weak when it comes to defending Scotland, and are denying Glaswegians many good jobs?
You will be unsurprised, Mr Speaker, to hear me say that I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I was astonished to learn that the SNP was blocking investment in a national specialist welding centre on the banks of the Clyde, putting its own student politics before job opportunities for working-class young people, and that it was doing so at a time when one in six are not in education, employment or training.
Putting politics before people is just not good enough, but where the SNP stands down, Labour will step up and fund that centre.
We will invest in defence, and create a defence dividend that will mean jobs and opportunities for everyone in Scotland.
With the exception of the London vortex that sucks in wealth capital and talent from across these islands, it is Scotland that tops the league for foreign direct investment.
It is Aberdeen, Glasgow and Edinburgh that are among the top 10 cities in the UK for FDI, as they have been for 10 of the 18 years in which the SNP has been in power.
What has the Scottish Secretary ever done to get foreign direct investment into Scotland?
The hon.
Gentleman needs to calm down a little bit.
One of the key opportunities for investment in Scotland is the opportunity to invest in the renewable energy sector, so that we can realise our plan for clean energy by 2030.
Much of that will be capitalised by the national wealth fund and GB Energy, both of which the hon.
Gentleman and his party voted against.