I echo the Prime Minister’s sentiments about the horrific terrorist attack of  7 July .
I was pleased to be at the commemoration service on Monday.
In particular, our thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives, those who had to go on without their loved ones.
I would like to pay tribute to Lord Tebbit, who died yesterday at the age of 94.
He was a man of iron integrity and conviction, who, by his efforts, helped to save our country from the chaos of the 1970s.
We all owe him so much.
In its manifesto last year, Labour promised not to increase income tax, not to increase national insurance and not to increase VAT.
Does the Prime Minister still stand by his promises?
Yes.
It is rare—[Interruption.]
It is rare that the Prime Minister is able to give a clear answer, but I am glad that he has done so now.
He also promised—in fact, he boasted—that he had solved the doctors strike.
Only a Prime Minister who was so weak would give doctors a 28% pay rise—only for us now to see them vote to strike again.
He folds in every negotiation and claims it is a triumph.
[Interruption.]
Yes, he does.
We saw more promises at the Budget: the Chancellor promised that she would lift the freeze on income tax and national insurance thresholds, because, in her words, they “hurt working people”.
Is that still Government policy?
No Prime Minister or Chancellor is going to write a Budget in advance.
We are absolutely fixed on our fiscal rules; we remain committed to them.
We remain committed to our manifesto commitments—I realise that sticking to fiscal rules and manifesto commitments is a bit unfamiliar to the Conservatives.
It is because of the decisions the Chancellor and this Government have taken that we can update the House: £120 billion of inward investment into this country since we took office; business confidence at a nine-year high—longer than the Leader of the Opposition has been in Parliament; Deloitte this week saying that the UK is now the best place to invest, creating 384,000 jobs.
What a contrast to the mess we inherited from the Conservative party.
There was no clear answer there.
The whole House will have heard the Prime Minister fail to rule out freezing tax thresholds.
He could say yes to the first question—he could promise—but could not this time.
What does this mean?
He is talking about record investment and more jobs.
We know that people are losing their jobs; unemployment has gone up every single month of Labour’s year in office.
What does the issue of tax thresholds mean?
It means that under Labour, millions of our poorest pensioners face being dragged into income tax for the first time ever.
Does the Prime Minister think it is right that struggling pensioners should face a retirement tax?
For a Prime Minister or a Chancellor to say we are not going to write a Budget in advance is not a Labour thing or a Tory thing—every single Prime Minister and Chancellor says that they will not do that.
We will stick to our manifesto commitments; we will stick to our fiscal rules.
This is a language the Conservatives do not understand, and that is what got us into the problem in the first place.
The Leader of the Opposition comes here every week to talk the country down, but that record investment—£120 billion—will mean good, well-paid jobs across the country.
This investment is from foreign investors who can choose whether to invest in this country; they are choosing to invest in this country now, because they have confidence in what this Government are doing.
Investors are fleeing the country.
The Prime Minister says he will stick to his manifesto promises, but Labour promised not to put a tax on working people and then we got the jobs tax, and all we have seen are jobs disappearing.
Before the election, the Prime Minister promised “not a penny more on your council tax”.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies says that council tax bills will now rise at their fastest rate in 20 years.
Will the Prime Minister admit that under him council tax is set to soar?
No, of course it is not.
It soared under the last Government.
Here she goes again: the Leader of the Opposition is back on familiar territory.
She comes here every week complaining about the national insurance rise, and when she is asked whether she would have the courage to reverse it, what is her answer?
[Hon.
Members: “No!”]
No, and I will tell you for why, Mr Speaker.
She is too embarrassed to say that she does not want the investment that we have put in.
That investment went into the NHS.
The Conservatives want that investment, but they cannot say how they would pay for it.
That is what got us into the problem in the first place.