I am delighted at the spending review commitment of £445 million for Welsh rail.
A new station at Magor and Undy will take cars off the congested M4, offer greener journeys and open doors for local residents without a vehicle to get jobs.
It is also great value for money due to the track and infrastructure that is already in place.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Magor and Undy is an excellent candidate to be the first Burns station to be built, so that it can start serving local people?
It is so good to see a strong Labour MP standing up for Wales and her constituency.
She makes her case; I cannot confirm the plans yet, but we will consider recommendations from the Burns commission, which includes a proposal for a new station in her constituency.
I am delighted that just this week we set out our major road and rail schemes across the country, including the A66, the Newark bypass and the midlands rail hub, creating tens of thousands of jobs, new homes and better journeys for millions of travellers.
In the past few weeks, I have spoken to five people from my rural North Devon constituency who have been forced to remove their own teeth with pliers or with amateur surgical kits bought online because they are unable to find an NHS dentist.
What would the Prime Minister say to those people, and when will the Government banish this dentistry crisis to the history books, where it belongs?
It is another shameful legacy of the Conservative party that one in four adults struggles with NHS care and that tooth decay is the most common reason for hospital admissions for children aged five to  nine—that happened on their watch.
We are fixing this, and I can set out what we are doing.
We are rolling out 700,000 urgent and emergency appointments, reforming the dental contract, and recruiting more dentists and newly qualified dentists, who will practice in the NHS for a minimum period.
All of that is made possible only by the investment we put in in the Budget, which the Conservatives all opposed.
Tax evasion, money laundering, illicit goods and illegal working all undermine our high streets, including Freeman Street in my constituency.
They undermine local business confidence and challenge community cohesion.
That is the reality around the country because of the explosion of vape shops, fake barbers, Harry Potter shops and American candy stores.
Will the Prime Minister commit to working with his Cabinet to bring in a national strategy to tackle the scourges of the high street and restore high street confidence?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight this issue.
In March, we saw a major crackdown against criminals using high street businesses to launder money at almost 400 properties, which involved securing freezing orders over bank accounts totalling more than £1 million and arresting 35 individuals.
There is much more to come, and I thank her for highlighting this really important issue.