Last  Sunday, 6 July , marked 37 years since the Piper Alpha disaster, an incident that claimed the lives of 165 men and affected many more, particularly in and around the north-east of Scotland.
We remember them, their families and friends, and indeed all those who continue to do the dangerous work offshore in our oil  and gas industry, ensuring that the lights stay on in this country.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman please tell the House when the industrial strategy will replace the tens of thousands of jobs that are set to be lost in the North sea on his watch?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying respects on the 37th anniversary of the Piper Alpha disaster.
It has left an indelible scar on Scotland, and we will never forget the lives that were lost, but we will also never forget that it was the catalyst for making sure that the North sea is the safest place to do oil and gas anywhere in the world—the UK is world leading.
I can answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question by saying that he and his party have opposed all the initiatives that this Government have put forward in order to get to clean power by 2030.
I gently say to him that when he finds out who the former Energy Minister was in the previous Government, he is going to be very disappointed.
We are very proud of our record on supporting the oil and gas industry.
Talk about the Government having their heads in the sand: 400 jobs will be lost in the North sea every two weeks on the Secretary of State’s watch.
That is a Grangemouth-sized event every two weeks.
The only strategy that this Government have is a deindustrialisation strategy.
There is an industry with a skilled workforce that is ready and willing to generate energy, revenue and jobs in Scotland, so come on, Secretary of State, let us have a real industrialisation strategy.
Remove the energy profits levy, overturn the ban on licences, and let us return to a policy of maximum economic recovery from the North sea.
The energy profits levy was brought in by the former Energy Minister in the previous Government, who just so happens to be sitting across from me at the Dispatch Box today.
We have the North sea transition consultation, which has closed.
That sets out the pathway to a just transition in the North sea, which will protect jobs, and we want to get to clean power by 2030.
Those are the jobs and the careers of the future, but that transition has to take those jobs with it.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on supporting Scottish agriculture.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on supporting Scottish agriculture.
Scotland cultivates the very best produce in the world, and we are absolutely committed to supporting Scotland’s agricultural sector and, indeed, all those who live and work in our rural communities.
I was very pleased that the Scottish Government’s Minister for Agriculture and Connectivity joined me for a food and farming roundtable that I hosted in Edinburgh in April.
We heard directly from the sector about how Scotland’s two Governments can best collaborate and continue to support those who put food on our table.
Like farmers in my constituency of Chester South and Eddisbury, farmers in Scotland feel let down by this Government’s disregard for agriculture and the countryside.
We have seen Labour look the other way as the Scottish Government have delivered real-terms cuts to the agriculture budget.
The Scottish Conservatives have set out a clear, multi-year plan to give farmers the certainty they need.
Will the Secretary of State urge the First Minister to back that plan, which has strong support from the farming community, and help reverse the damage done to Scottish agriculture and our food security?
The Scottish Government have been given a record settlement in the devolution era, and it is for the devolved Governments to allocate their funding in devolved areas as they see fit.
They are accountable to their own legislatures and, indeed, the Scottish public.
That is a key principle of devolution, and this Labour Government will respect it.
We Conservatives were vilified when we pointed out that the vindictive changes to farming reliefs were going to damage jobs in rural Scotland.
The Scotland Office conducted its own roundtable with agriculture figures.
Will the Minister share the results of that with the House, the Scottish Government and, crucially, whoever the Deputy Prime Minister decides will be the next Chancellor of the Exchequer?
I would be delighted to report back to the House and Scotland’s rural communities, including my own in Midlothian, about the outcomes of the farming roundtable.
We heard directly from stakeholders that they want support and, crucially, for the two Governments to work together, which is exactly why we had the Scottish Government around the table.
Does the Minister agree that Scottish agriculture, salmon and distilleries like Lochlea in my constituency will benefit from our three trade deals?
Can she work out why the SNP failed to support them?
Those three trade deals are some of the proudest achievements of this Labour Government, and they will disproportionately benefit Scotland.
As I have already said, it is home to some of the finest produce on the face of the Earth, and we are delighted to be promoting it as part of the Scotland Office’s Brand Scotland efforts.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Chancellor’s excellent spending review for Scotland, which sets out record funding for the Scottish Government, means that SNP Ministers are ideally placed to offer the agricultural sector in Scotland a multi-year funding settlement, and that that is exactly what they should now do?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the Scottish Government have been blessed with a record settlement in the devolution era.
The difficulty for those of us on the Labour Benches who have championed that settlement is that we are all too well aware, I am afraid, that the Scottish Government are absolutely addicted to wasting money.
That is why the only way for Scotland to take a new direction is to replace the failing Scottish Government with a Labour one in May.