The Conservative Government badly undermined the security of our borders by ripping up the returns agreement that allowed us to send migrants back to Europe.
I hope that the Prime Minister can secure a new returns agreement with France that acts as a real deterrent and stops the boats.
The Conservatives also sent hundreds of millions of pounds to France and got nothing in return.
Does the Prime Minister agree that any new funding to the French Government must be conditional on them agreeing a returns deal and doing their bit to stop the boats?
We are working closely with the French on this issue.
We will only provide funding that delivers on our priorities.
We are working together closely, and we share information to a much greater extent than was the case before.
We have a new specialist intelligence unit at Dunkirk, and we are the first Government to persuade the French to review their laws and tactics on the north coast in order to take more effective action.
I will be discussing this at meetings with President Macron today and tomorrow.
In the light of recent events, will the Prime Minister update the House on the work of the covid corruption commissioner?
Does he agree with my constituents in Rugby, Bulkington and the surrounding villages that there should be no place in public life for people who exploited the pandemic and defrauded the taxpayer to line their own pockets?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point, and I hope it was heard by those on the Conservative Benches.
It is an absolute scandal that failed personal protective equipment contracts were handed out by the Conservatives, costing taxpayers £1.4 billion.
We are focused on getting our money back.
I can confirm that the commissioner is now investigating fraud involving bounce back and business support loans, and we will continue to go after the fraudsters, grifters and con artists, no matter who they are or where we find them.
The main reason—[Interruption.]
Order.
Some of you want to get in later.
If this takes forever, you will not get in.
The main reason why that this country wisely voted for Brexit back in 2016, including millions of Labour supporters, is that we wanted to take back control of our borders, so that we alone decide who comes and settles in our country.
Does the Prime Minister understand that this demand is even greater today than it was back in 2016, and that we demand—the country demands—[Interruption.]
Does the Prime Minister understand that the country demands that he says to the French President that we will not accept undocumented males coming across the English channel, and that he is not dictated to by an increasingly arrogant, anti-Brexit French President?
We are fixing the mess that we inherited, and we are working with other countries to ensure that we take the measures necessary to stop people crossing the channel.
They are serious answers to serious problems.
For 10 years, the hon.
Member’s proposal—the tail wagging the Tory dog—has been to break everything and claim that it is how you fix things, and to stick two fingers up at our neighbours and then expect them to work with us.
He voted against the borders Bill, which gives more powers to our law enforcement to deal with security at our border.
The reason for that is that he has no interest in fixing the problem; he wants to milk it and exploit it.
That is the truth about him and his party.
From  homelessness to child poverty, so many of the challenges I see people facing in Exeter can be traced back to early years, so I welcome the Government rebuilding on the legacy of Sure Start, which was so cruelly dismantled by the Conservative party.
Will the Prime Minister set out what difference that will make to family services in Exeter?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
We have discussed this before; he is a brilliant champion for Exeter.
Every child should have support to realise their potential.
The Conservative party tore up Sure Start and took it out of our communities—an act of vandalism that abandoned families and deepened inequalities.
We are delivering 1,000 Best Start family hubs across the country.
That is in addition to free childcare being rolled out, and expanding free school meals.
That is the change that a Labour Government make.
Growing numbers of people are joining the call for a wealth tax on the super-rich, including former Labour leader Lord Kinnock.
Today, a former First Minister of Wales has done so, and so, it transpires, did the Chancellor when she was in opposition.
Will the Prime Minister stand by his promise that those with the broadest shoulders will carry the largest burden?
Will he clarify that that means the ultra-wealthy, not disabled people, the poorest and children with special educational needs?
I am really not going to take advice from a party that put forward £80 billion of unfunded commitments at the last election; that is the sort of thing that got us into the problem in the first place.
We cannot just tax our way to growth; we need to ensure that we put in place the necessary measures.
We are putting in place planning reforms to drive growth.
The hon.
Member voted against that, and the Opposition voted against that.
I am proud that the Labour Government are banning fire and rehire.
I am proud that we are addressing the abusive use of zero-hours contracts and improving protections at work, particularly against unfair dismissal.
Reform and its Tory friends voted against Labour’s workplace protections.
I do not know why Tory Members are heckling; when they were in government they promised to deal with fire and rehire, but despite the scandal at P&O, they did absolutely nothing about it.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that it is only this Labour Government who will ensure that people have fairness at work?
I am proud that we will give 15 million workers—half of all workers—stronger rights at work.
We are ensuring sick pay for up to 1.3 million of the lowest paid, tackling sexual harassment, and providing bereavement leave for families who experience pregnancy loss before 24 weeks.
Compare that to the Leader of the Opposition, who thinks that maternity pay is “excessive”, and the leader of Reform, who wants working people to pay tax so that there can be tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires.
Both of them vote against reform and better protection of workers at every turn.
They always have, and they always will.
They offer nothing for working people.