The first full review of parental leave and pay is a landmark moment.
The current system is simply out of date and too complicated.
One in three dads do not take paternity leave, often because they cannot afford to do so.
That is a great loss to them and their children.
I want parents to be able to give their child the best care, and I want to make the system work better for employers.
Following a week of internal conflict, the Prime Minister will be well prepared if he wants to join me this weekend at the Tewkesbury medieval festival, which includes Europe’s largest re-enactment, or perhaps next weekend he will don his leather jacket and turn it up to 11 at the Tewkesbury Live music festival hosted by hospitality venues across the town.
Regardless of that, will he join me in thanking the volunteers and the hospitality venues that make Tewkesbury the unsung nucleus of Gloucestershire’s culture?
What an invitation!
I am grateful for the invite to join the medieval festival, but if I wanted to see a load of people stuck in the past and fighting each other, I would probably go to the next meeting of the shadow Cabinet.
I will consider it—thank you.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During PMQs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  asked what I thought was quite a reasonable question.
I knew what the question was going to be, but during PMQs, I could not hear a single word—like other Members in the Chamber, I am sure—because  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed) , who is behind me, and others never shut up all the way through it.
We in Reform UK do not subscribe to that sort of dog-whistle politics.
Will you please advise us, Mr Speaker, of how to stop this behaviour in the future?
I think Mr Farage is capable of dealing with his own battles, as we have seen on many occasions.
I would say that this is about the respect and tolerance that we should show each other.
What we do in here is reflected outside, so please let us show common sense and respect for each other.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
At Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister claimed in response to my question that the Green party had made unfunded spending commitments in our general election manifesto.
He also said that to me at last week’s Prime Minister’s questions.
That is clearly untrue; our manifesto was fully costed, including through proposals for the wealth tax that I was calling for.
Will you outline, Mr Speaker, how I might correct the record?
Should I send a copy of our manifesto to the Prime Minister?
I will not continue the debate from Prime Minister’s questions, which I have ended.
The hon.
Gentleman has corrected the record with what he has stated, which is now on the record.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on her plans to restrict trial by jury through the creation of a Crown court bench division and related sentencing changes.
This Government inherited a justice system in crisis, with record and rising backlogs in our criminal courts, leaving victims in limbo as they wait to see justice done.
For that reason, the Lord Chancellor commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to undertake a once-in-a-generation review of the criminal courts.
We are grateful to Sir Brian for all his work.
His report confirms that the system we inherited is broken, and that if we do nothing, it will collapse.
We welcome the ambitious recommendations that he has put forward, and agree that a crisis of this scale requires bold action.
We must consider any measures that will put our courts on a more stable and sustainable footing.
Victims and the public deserve swift justice and a court system that they can have confidence in.
We will carefully consider Sir Brian’s recommendations on jury trials, along with everything else, before providing a formal response to Parliament in the autumn.
Jury trials are and will remain a cornerstone of British justice, and will remain in place for the most serious cases.
However, justice delayed is justice denied.
The system was not designed for a scenario where tens of thousands of victims wait years for justice.
The Lord Chancellor and this Government are committed to turning the tide on the Crown court backlog by the end of this Parliament and creating a sustainable justice system fit for the 21st century.
All of us agree that justice delayed is justice denied.
That is why it is so important to get control of the court backlog.
No one pretends that this is straightforward, but the Government have made the crisis worse.
The backlog is at a record high, and accelerating, with 750 cases being added every month.
Sir Brian Leveson’s review rightly acknowledges that we must increase the number of court sitting days.
We thank him for his work and welcome many of his recommendations.
However, it cannot be right to give another sentencing discount to those convicted of crimes such as burglary and stalking.
That could see criminals serve as little as a fifth of their sentence, when combined with the Gauke review—20% of a sentence served.
Is that justice for victims?
Out of court settlements for drug dealers and thieves mean that they will not even get a criminal record.
It makes a mockery of the justice system.
Just as concerning is the proposal to scrap jury trials in many cases.
The report admits that this will have only a “limited effect” on the backlog.
It will save just £31 million—0.2% of the Department’s budget.
As the report states, there is no limit to the cases for which jury trials could be scrapped.
This is a slippery slope towards abolishing jury trials altogether.
Jury trials have been a central part of our constitution for centuries—in Magna Carta, and indeed before it.
They are a gift that we have given to the world.
To throw   them away so casually shows a total disregard for our constitution, and for such limited benefit.
It seems that too many on the Government Benches want to scrap jury trials regardless of the backlog, because they do not trust the British public’s instincts on justice.
They say that judges know best; we say that the public know best.
It does not have to be this way.
The Government must take up the Lady Chief Justice’s offer of more sitting days.
Will the Minister rule out yet another sentencing cut for criminals?
Will she rule out letting drug dealers and thieves avoid even a criminal record?
Does she accept that scrapping jury trials is a disgraceful and unnecessary rejection of one of our country’s proudest and most ancient liberties?
What I did not hear in any of that was an apology.
It is extraordinary to hear that the shadow Justice Secretary has suddenly discovered a sense of urgency, but where was that sense of urgency in the past 14 years?
The so-called party of law of order allowed two things to happen.
First, it took our prison system to the brink of collapse.
That let down the public, and it let down victims—soft on crime, and soft on law and order.
Secondly, it allowed the backlogs in our Crown courts to run out of control to record highs.
For 14 years the Conservatives did absolutely nothing, so let me explain the contrast with a party and a Government who are gripping the crisis and who are tough on law and order.
We commissioned one of their own—Sir David Gauke—to give us his sentencing review.
We commissioned one of our most revered judges, Sir Brian Leveson, who today has set out his recommendations.
We will not provide our policy response today, because that demands and requires seriousness—not what we hear from the shadow Justice Secretary, but serious, careful analysis—and we will provide our formal response to the House in the autumn.
But we are not delaying.
We are not waiting; we are investing in the system.
To take up the challenge from the right hon.
Gentleman about what the Lady Chief Justice said, we have already done what the previous Government failed to do, with an additional 4,000 Crown court sitting days and a record level of 110,000 sitting days a year—up from what the so-called party of law and order gave us.
We also understand that we need proper system capacity.
As we heard from the Lord Chancellor yesterday, this is not simply about adding more Crown court sitting days; as Sir Brian Leveson tells us—had the right hon.
Gentleman bothered to read the report—we cannot simply sit our way out of this crisis.
We have to build system capacity—more judges, more prosecutors, more defence lawyers, and more court ushers.
Of course we need to invest in the system, which is what the Government are doing with a promise of £450 million into our courts, additional to what the Conservative party provided.
We are staying laser-focused on our mission, which is to provide swifter justice for victims, and restore public confidence in a justice system that was left to rack and ruin by the Conservative party.
The right hon.
Gentleman has jumped the gun: we have been very clear that we are going to consider Sir Brian’s careful and detailed report, and we are going to listen to those who represent victims, and to the barristers and judges who do such an exceptional job.
We will do what it takes for the victim who, if she  reports a rape or serious crime, is told that she will have to wait until 2028, or 2029 in some cases, for her day in court.
That is unacceptable, and that is why we will do whatever it takes, with the seriousness that the previous Government simply failed to have.