Like the Secretary of State, I welcome the great news for Ferguson Marine this morning.
As he knows, Scottish Liberal Democrats secured funding for key projects across Scotland in last year’s Scottish budget negotiations, including the Eye Pavilion in Edinburgh, which is so important for my constituents and his.
We welcome the additional funding as part of the spending review to help projects such as that, but almost two decades of SNP mismanagement have left our health service in dire need of investment and improvement.
Does he agree that the SNP should invest this funding wisely in GPs, dentists and care so that our constituents can see the same focus on innovation in health that was announced by the UK Government last week?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point about the Eye Pavilion in Edinburgh, which is a symptom of the whole of the Scottish Government’s strategy for our NHS services.
The SNP promised a new Eye Pavilion in its manifestos in ’07, ’11, ’16 and ’21, and it is yet to deliver it.
I bet we see the same process and the same promises in its manifesto in May next year.
One in six Scots is stuck on a waiting list, the NHS app is years behind other parts of the UK, and we have the worst cancer waiting times on record.
I am sure the hon.
Lady and millions of other Scots know that the SNP has failed their NHS.
If the SNP had any idea how to fix it, it would have done it by now.
During the spending review period, the Scottish Government will have to continue to mitigate some of the cruellest Westminster policies.
They had to do that under the Tories, and it continues under Labour, not least with the two-child cap.
Can the Secretary of State tell us whether there are any plans to scrap it?
The hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues voted against the Budget.
They voted against all the measures to raise revenue in the Budget, and they voted against the actual spending of it.
From the second that this Labour Government took power just over a year ago, there was £14 billion extra going into the Scottish budget.
The Scottish Government need to be spending it well, and I am sure the Scottish public will look dimly on a Scottish Government who cannot spend it and improve our public services.
I am not sure the Secretary of State quite caught the question there.
We voted against the two-child cap.
If there is cash to go around and UK Departments are getting bigger spending increases than the Scottish Government, why will he not prioritise child poverty?
The Child Poverty Action Group described getting rid of the two-child cap as “the most cost-effective way” to cut child poverty.
It was described by the Pensions Minister as “immoral”.
The Cabinet Office’s recent report “Tackling Child Poverty” stated: “There is a lot we can learn from action already being taken in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland”.
Will the Secretary of State make scrapping the two-child poverty cap a priority, or will he insist on failed Tory policies?
Going by the votes last week, the hon.
Gentleman wants to keep the failed, broken welfare system that the Tories put in.
What we have done as a Government is a pay rise for 200,000 Scots, day one rights for sick leave and parental leave and £150 off energy bills for more than half a million Scottish households, and we have banned exploitative zero-hours contracts.
There are 10,000 children in Scotland every single night going to bed without a home.
That is a dreadful record for the Scottish Government.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of artificial intelligence in Scotland.
Artificial intelligence will drive incredible change in our country.
It will turbocharge growth and boost living standards.
Scotland, as we know well, has been the UK’s home of AI since 1963, and it will become the home of the most powerful supercomputer in the UK, with this Labour Government investing £750 million in its development at the University of Edinburgh’s advanced computing facility in Midlothian.
We are currently assessing applications for AI growth zones from across the UK, including several from Scotland, which is at the cutting edge of computing power globally.
It is refreshing to have a UK Government so committed to investing in and developing AI, in comparison with John Swinney and the Scottish Government, who are stuck in an analogue age, unable even to provide patients and staff with a functioning NHS app.
Does the Minister agree that the towns of Airdrie and Shotts and the former industrial heartland of North Lanarkshire are incredibly well placed to serve as an AI growth zone and capture the Government’s clear ambition?
Much like my hon.
Friend, who is a truly passionate advocate for his community, I am proud to represent one of Scotland’s industrial heartlands.
He is right to highlight the role that they can play in Scotland’s AI future.
As for his comments regarding the First Minister, my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary was particularly astute in his assessment.
I am afraid that the First Minister is from the age of “Taggart”, when what is upon us is the age of “Dept. Q”.
The transmission line from Skye to Fort Augustus has been approved.
Due to a technicality, the people along the route will be deprived of £22 million.
Will the Minister take this up with Ofgem?
I am led to believe that the hon.
Member has already picked this matter up with the Secretary of State, who will be taking it forward, but I would be delighted to talk to the hon.
Member about it.
What recent discussions he has had with representatives of the broadcasting sector in Scotland.