In his urgent question, the shadow Secretary of State for Justice said that “the public knows best”.
For once, I agree with him, which is why the public threw out the last Conservative Government after they crashed our criminal justice system.
Yesterday, I made the case for safeguarding the guarantors of our justice system—our jury trials.
However, today, on behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I want to raise our concerns that reclassifying certain offences and drawing on magistrates to run the new intermediate courts risks putting unbearable strain on the magistrates courts, jeopardising their ability to deliver swift justice, especially for survivors of domestic abuse crimes.
Before adopting any new proposals, will the Minister publish an impact assessment of the measures on victims in magistrates courts, and will she rule out any measures that will delay justice, safety or freedom for survivors of domestic abuse?
The proposal for the reclassification of certain offences in Sir Brian’s report is just that: it is Sir Brian’s recommendation.
As I have said already, we need to take those recommendations away and consider whether they are appropriate for our justice system.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the essential role that the magistrates play in our criminal justice system.
Currently, some 90% of criminal trials are heard in our magistrates courts and they do a phenomenal job.
That is why we are continuing to recruit 2,000 magistrates annually and we want a more diverse magistracy—all of that will be essential.
He is right that these proposals, which Sir Brian has conveyed as a package, need to interlock and to be operable together, so we are taking the summer to engage with stakeholders, such as the Magistrates’ Association, to ensure that we get this right.
With the Crown court backlog that we inherited at such high levels, and continuing to rise, does the Minister agree that tackling it means not just adding more sitting days but making fundamental reform?
The crisis that we inherited in our criminal courts, with record and rising backlogs, is intolerable.
The human impact of that on people, whether they are victims, witnesses or they serve in the criminal justice system, is simply intolerable.
If we do nothing, as the Conservative party was all too willing to do, the system will, in the words of one of its own, former Lord Chancellor Alex Chalk, become “irrecoverable”.
It is not enough to sit our way out of this crisis—we must have radical structural reform as well.
That is the abiding lesson of Sir Brian’s report, and we will take it on board.
We should thank Sir Brian for his report and carefully consider his recommendations.
Criminals already get a one-third discount for an early guilty plea, and the idea that that should be increased to 40% risks undermining trust in the criminal justice system by victims.
Jury trials are a centuries old cornerstone of the British justice system.
The creation of an intermediate court to save £35 million is not worth it, when we have 81 empty courtrooms, and judges available and ready to sit.
We need to build capacity and make the jury system work.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we all owe a debt of gratitude to Sir Brian Leveson and his team for the comprehensive review that they have undertaken, to which the Government will be giving due consideration over the summer, before we formally provide our response.
We have to ensure that whatever package of proposals we take forward knits together with the recommendations from the Gauke review and the outcome of the spending review that the Ministry of Justice has received, with a commitment to make an additional investment of £450 million in our courts.
I want to address his point about intermediate courts: they are not about saving money, but about addressing the backlog, delivering swifter justice for victims and having a criminal justice system in which the public can have confidence.
If this package of ideas is right and will achieve that aim, we will pursue it.
I spent the first 20 years of my professional life in the criminal courts as a barrister.
There is no one who loves the criminal justice system, or who has more respect for juries, than I do.
However, the courts now are not what they were.
The delays are so appalling that defendants just plead “not guilty”, because they know that their case will not come up for years, and the chances of actually facing justice are minimal.
It is in that extreme state, which we have inherited from the Conservative Government, that radical action is needed.
I know that my hon.
Friends on the Government Front Bench feel as I do about the criminal justice system and want it to work, so when they are looking at Sir Brian’s recommendations, will they consider a sunset clause?
If his recommendations work, there will come a time when we can increase the amount of jury service again.
My right hon.
Friend speaks with huge authority and personal experience of how our Crown courts operate.
Like us, she is committed to restoring and rebuilding our criminal justice system to what it once was, and to a system fit for the 21st century that the public can have confidence in.
That means  adapting our methods, taking on new technologies and becoming more efficient.
All of that will come in the second part of Sir Brian’s review, as we have asked him to do.
I will not pre-empty the response or give a running commentary on it, but all those things will be taken into account as we consider our response over the summer.
Last year, I was on a jury.
We all know that we need to get the court backlog down, but my experience at Reading Crown court was that the availability of jurors really is not an issue.
Many of us sat there for hours upon hours, and several jurors were dismissed on the Thursday, having never set foot in a courtroom.
Before we restrict the number of jury trials, what work have the Government done to actually understand the utilisation of jurors to see how many are being used and whether they could be used more effectively?