This weekend, I was at the Fettercairn show in my constituency, and I note that the Secretary of State was at the royal highland show in Edinburgh two weeks ago.
With new research showing that more than 16,000 jobs are expected to be lost as a direct result of Labour’s family farm tax, what message did the Secretary of State and the Minister have for the farmers they met at the royal highland show about the Government’s plans to kill family farms in Scotland?
Judging by the comments made to me this weekend, the fear, anger and disgust at how this Government have treated the agricultural sector and rural Scotland very much remain.
Our message to the farming community, including the National Farmers Union of Scotland—I meet its representatives regularly and, indeed, spoke at its annual conference—is that there has to be fairness in the Government’s approach to the public finances.
The latest figures from 2021-22 show that 40% of the value of agricultural property relief went to just 7% of claimants, which is neither fair nor sustainable.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the Supreme Court judgment in the case of For Women Scotland .
The Scottish Ministers of 16 April 2025 on women in Scotland.
The ruling brings clarity and confidence for women and service providers such as hospitals, refuges and sports clubs.
Single-sex spaces are protected by law under Labour’s Equality Act 2010, and will always be protected by this Government alongside the rights of the trans community, as was stated by the Supreme Court.
Joe Griffin, the permanent secretary to the Scottish Government, was asked when appearing in front of the Holyrood Finance and Public Administration Committee about action taken in relation to the Supreme Court judgment.
When pushed, he said: “Specific actions, I can’t give you that right now.”
Do the UK Government believe that the Scottish Government are failing to uphold the law?
The application of the Supreme Court ruling to services in Scotland is of course a matter for the Scottish Government, and it is for the Scottish Government to ensure they fully comply with the law as it stands.
The Supreme Court judgment provided very welcome legal clarity on the matter of biological sex, but the Scottish Government have met clarity with chaos.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that the SNP Government have made an absolute mess of this, in much the same way they have made a mess of passing on the biggest settlement in the history of devolution to Scottish NHS, education and housing services?
Is it not time they got a grip?
I think the F-word could be used about whatever the Scottish Government have done—and that is “failure”.
When it comes to the elections in May 2026, the Scottish public will have to decide whether they require a third decade of the SNP Scottish Government or a change with Anas Sarwar as First Minister.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the spending review 2025 on economic growth in Scotland.
Under this Government, it is the working people of Scotland who will feel the benefit of economic growth.
We have given the largest settlement in the history of the Scottish Government—£14 billion extra.
The stability in the economy has enabled four interest rate cuts, meaning cheaper mortgages for home owners.
Fuel duty is frozen, meaning 3 million Scots motorists pay less at the pump.
The minimum wage is up, meaning a pay rise for 200,000 of the lowest-paid Scots—[Interruption.]
That deserves a large cheer, because it is for the lowest-paid Scots.
Also, the warm home discount has been extended to half a million Scots.
The jobs tax has decimated business confidence and has seen unemployment rise, and now—along with the Budget blow to Scotch whisky, the attack on family farms and the undermining of the oil and gas industry—the Scottish Hospitality Group has slated the spending review, saying it “does absolutely nothing to support the hospitality sector”.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Chancellor to undo the damage her Budget and her spending review have inflicted on family farms, Scotch whisky, the oil and gas industry, hospitality, entertainment and business confidence in Scotland?
The hon.
Gentleman should go and speak to Scottish businesses and apologise for voting against the Budget and against the £14 billion extra that will go to Scotland as part of the spending review.
As a result of the decisions taken by this Government, we have the highest growth in the G7, the highest business confidence in a decade, record inward investment, three major trade deals and four interest rate cuts—all helping businesses right across the country.
It is fantastic news that Ferguson Marine has secured a contract with BAE Systems to help further enhance the UK’s maritime capability, making use of its skilled workforce.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is in sharp contrast to the student union politics played on defence by the SNP Government?
Does he agree that the benefits of the spending review cannot be fully assessed until the SNP is removed from power in 2026?
Yet again, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I pay special tribute to both her and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey) , who have done so much to make sure we  can get work into Ferguson Marine.
Again, it will not be lost on the House, or indeed the Scottish public, that the defence industry is supporting jobs in Scotland and straight into Ferguson Marine.
Where the Scottish Government walk past on the other side, we will invest.