my district, U.S. Army Chaplain (Lieutenant Colonel) John M. Diller who is retiring from Chaplain service to the Pennsylvania Army National Guard and the U.S. Army Reserve after over 21 years.
Chaplain Diller was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania to a family with a rich history of ecclesiastical and military service.
Chaplain Diller's lineage includes servicemembers involved in every major United States military campaign since his ancestors immigrated to America in the early 1900's.
After earning his Bachelor of Science in Music Education from Lebanon Valley College, Annville, Pennsylvania in 1991, John taught music in elementary and middle schools and directed several choirs.
After several career changes, John felt his calling to enter seminary and to join the Pennsylvania Army National Guard as a Chaplain following the September 11, 2001 attacks.
He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant, Chaplain Candidate on February 26, 2004, and began drilling with the 108th Field Artillery, 56th Brigade, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
Chaplain Diller served with the 2nd Brigade Special Troops Battalion before being called back to the 56th Stryker Brigade for mobilization to Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2008 to 2009.
Chaplain Diller transferred to the Army Reserves in 2015, upon a family move to Orange Park, Florida.
His first assignment was as a Brigade Chaplain with the 207th Regional Support Group out of Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
Though he left the 207th because he was selected to serve as the Mission Support Element Chaplain for the 143rd Mission Support Element in Orlando, the 207th requested his return when the unit was marked for their first deployment since the start of the Global War.
The 207th was the Base Operations Support element on Al Asad Air Base when it was attacked on January 8, 2020, by Iranian ballistic missiles.
Chaplain Diller was the only Chaplain on the base, and the only Soldier Support element.
For 5 days, Chaplain Diller drew upon his training in Traumatic Event Management and Critical Incident Stress Management to perform at least seven group debriefings/deescalations following the attack.
On the 5th, when multiple Behavioral Health and Chaplain teams finally arrived, the Behavioral Health lead Officer observed Chaplain Diller's program and instructed his teams to ``learn and perform that program.''
After, Chaplain Diller was selected as the Command Chaplain for the Deployment Support Command (DSC), in Birmingham, Alabama.
He oversaw 56 Chaplains, Chaplain Candidates, and Religious Affairs Specialists in 16 states and 4 time zones.
Chaplain Diller has consistently received the highest praise and commendation from both his Branch Supervisors and his Unit Commanders.
His dedication to the highest standards of the Army Values, and the principles of duty, honor, respect reflect well upon himself, the Army, and the Chaplain Corps.
The residents in my district are blessed to have this Pennsylvanian grown citizen back home, and I congratulate him on his Army retirement and wish him, his family, and his congregation God-speed.