Mr. EVANS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the winners and honorable mentions of Northglenn High School's annual Congressional App Challenge.
This competition has allowed high school students to recognize and encourage STEM talent across the Nation, as well as in my Congressional District.
This year, I'm proud to recognize the following individuals for their talent and ingenuity in this year's Congressional App Challenge.
Payton Dollens developed an app to help high school students get involved in school activities by creating incentives through prizes and competitions.
Her app addresses the importance of school involvement and giving students an opportunity to participate in our community.
As a result of her ingenuity and creativity, her app won Best in Show in the Open Division.
Honorable mentions to highlight are Brayden Green, Bryan Korsen, and Desmond Reynolds.
This group created an app that shares the negative effects of pollution on our oceans.
The app both educates users about what needs to be cleaned out and shares how that can be done.
With the combination of education and animations, this group earned an Honorable Mention in the Open Division.
Alongside those from our Open Division are winners from this year's Rookie Division.
The four students I would like to recognize for winning Best in Show are Lena McLaughlin, Hailey Fredrickson, Magdalena Herron-Skretta, and Kaylee Reinhardt.
They developed an app that helps others learn how to cope with different emotions.
By utilizing games, educational material, and informative tips, their app provides helpful insight on how to better handle emotions.
Finally, I would like to recognize Gus Blackham and Ila Locke for earning an Honorable Mention in the Rookie Division.
Their app teaches about the negative effects of plastic on our oceans.
The duo did this by developing a game to educate users about the consequences of plastic on ocean wildlife and help spread awareness about keeping our oceans clean.
Once again, I want to extend my sincerest congratulations to the winners and honorable mentions in this year's Congressional App Challenge at Northglenn High School.
I am proud of the hard work and dedication they have put into their projects and am excited to see what they will achieve in the future.