MAY 21 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on an update on Yemen.
SVC-217 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan Brightbill, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Tina Pierce, of Idaho, to be Chief Financial Officer, and Conner Prochaska, of Texas, to be Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, all of the Department of Energy, and Ned Mamula, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, Department of the Interior.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 190, to enhance the operations of the North Pacific Research Board, S. 318, to require a plan to improve the cybersecurity and telecommunications of the U.S. Academic Research Fleet, S. 337, to amend title 49, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration relating to the shipping of household goods, S. 503, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to evaluate and consider the impact of the telecommunications network equipment supply chain on the deployment of universal service, S. 1092, to require certain products to be labeled with `Do Not Flush' labeling, S. 1442, to amend title 49, United States Code, to allow for eligibility for projects for the installation of human trafficking awareness signs at rest stops, S. 1523, to modify operations of the National Water Center of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, S. 1626, to reauthorize the National Landslide Preparedness Act, and the nominations of David Fink, of New Hampshire, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, David Fogel, of Connecticut, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, Robert Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, and Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce, and promotions in the Coast Guard.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Environmental Protection Agency.
SD-562 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the state of higher education.
SD-430 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine fueling America's manufacturing comeback.
SR-428A