Mr. AMODEI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Kristianna Meister.
Kristianna is a member of Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada, Troop 1306, and has exemplified extraordinary leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a demonstrated commitment to making a lasting, positive impact, by earning the most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities and the world with measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead a team of experts and community members to implement a project that produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1 to 2 years, Gold Award Girl Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and leadership, distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their resourcefulness and perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to truly make the world a better place.
Kristianna Meister designed ``Dancing Through The Decades'' to enhance the lives of senior citizens and those who may need extra assistance going through life.
Through dance, Kristianna created a program that engaged participants both mentally and physically, with the goal of getting people up and moving.
She led participants in guided stretches to help them feel good in their bodies.
She taught them about the history of different styles of dance and basic steps from each style of dance to get the participants engaged and moving.
She created instructional videos for the dances, which were posted on YouTube and distributed to Senior Centers around the country.
On behalf of the 2nd Congressional District of Nevada, I congratulate Kristianna Meister for achieving the highest distinction in Girl Scouts, the Gold Award.
We thank Kristianna for her leadership and for making such a positive, lasting change in our community.