10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SD-226 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dudley Hoskins, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, both of the Department.
SD-106 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department of the Interior.
SD-124 2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine science and Federal health agencies, focusing on Myocarditis and other events associated with the COVID-19 vaccines.
SH-216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department.
SD-124 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Small Business Administration.
SD-138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine defense of the Department of Defense Information Network; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217 at 3:30 p.m. SR-222 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law To hold hearings to examine AI-generated deepfakes.
SD-226 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 214, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the rate of the special pension payable to Medal of Honor recipients, S. 219, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the ability of veterans to access medical care in medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs and in the community by providing veterans the ability to choose health care providers, S. 506, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to coordinate, navigate, and manage care and benefits for veterans enrolled in both the Medicare program and the system of annual patient enrollment of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 585, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a pre-transition health care registration process to facilitate enrollment in the patient enrollment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs by members of the Armed Forces who are separating from the Armed Forces, S. 599, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the mileage rate offered by the Department of Veterans Affairs through their Beneficiary Travel program for health related travel, S. 605, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA program, S. 635, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recognize nurse registries for purposes of the Veterans Community Care Program, S. 649, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to members of the National Guard who perform certain full-time duty, S. 778, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require a lactation space in each medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 784, to expand and modify the grant program innovative transportation options to veterans in highly rural areas, S. 800, to modify the Precision Medicine for Veterans Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 827, to extend and modify the transportation grant program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 879, to expand medical, employment, and other benefits for individuals serving as family caregivers for certain veterans, S. 1318, to direct the American Battle Monuments Commission to establish a program to identify American-Jewish servicemembers buried in United States military cemeteries overseas under markers that incorrectly represent their religion and heritage, S. 1320, to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to take certain steps regarding research related to menopause, perimenopause, or midlife women's health, S. 1383, to establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal Access, S. 1441, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to nonprofit entities to assist such entities in carrying out programs to provide service dogs to eligible veterans, S. 1533, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent and codify the pilot program for use of contract physicians for disability examinations, S. 1543, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and S. 1591, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reorganize the acquisition structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to establish the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Department.
SR-418