I am absolutely committed to our working across the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on cross-border working and co-operation, where we can.
I have had constructive conversations, particularly with my counterpart in Wales, to that effect, and I would be delighted to work with my counterpart in Northern Ireland in the same spirit.
Despite our differing views on the future of the United Kingdom, I have had equally constructive discussions with my counterpart in Scotland, although he may not thank me for mentioning it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday, we kicked off National HIV Testing Week.
Getting tested for HIV is quick, free and confidential.
I pay tribute to the leadership of my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister, who became the first leader in the history of the G7 to take an HIV test.
As a former member of the independent HIV Commission, I am determined that this Government will deliver on our commitment to end new transmissions of HIV in England by 2030.
We will set out our aim shortly in our new action plan, which will be developed by me and my brilliant new Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) .
Fourteen years of austerity have created a new stratum of society: the in-work poor.
Recent talk of ruthless cuts to social security is beyond alarming.
Does the Secretary of State agree that having a welfare system that covers the cost of essentials, as proposed by the Trussell Trust and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, would alleviate hunger and hardship, and therefore relieve considerable strain on the NHS?
I am a product of the welfare state, and I remember the benefit system putting food in the fridge and money in the electric meter.
I also know from lived experience that people who are trapped in the benefits system want to escape.
The best way out of poverty is not through social security, important though that is, but through fair, decent work that pays.
That is the Government’s agenda.
Just a reminder that we are on topicals, folks.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton)  on her promotion to the Front Bench.
Eating disorders affect over 1.25 million people, and this is the last Health and Social Care Question Time before Eating Disorders Awareness Week, which starts later this month.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the amazing work done by the eating disorder charity Beat, which I met a few months ago, and to which I pay tribute.
Will he back Beat’s call for broader access to intensive community and day treatment for those with eating disorders—there are limited places currently—and set out a timetable in which that will be delivered?
I really welcome the shadow Secretary of State’s raising that important issue.
Too often, even when patients with eating disorders are in health settings, they do not receive the right care or support at the right time.
I would be delighted to receive representations from Beat on how we can improve the situation.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
He will know that osteoporosis impacts 3 million people.
He is aware of the campaign by the Royal Osteoporosis Society, and the powerful parallel campaign led by The Mail on Sunday and the Daily Mail, for access to fracture liaison services across the country.
Pre-election, he committed to support that, and a roll-out plan.
People will look for an answer that looks to the future, not the past, so when will he publish the fracture liaison services roll-out plan, to ensure that all who need to access those vital services can, and will he work with campaigners and me to achieve that roll-out before 2030?
This is unusually consensual today.
The Government are committed to rolling out fracture liaison services across every part of the country by 2030.
I promised that before the election, and that is what we are delivering.
In fact, we have already started by investing in 14 hi-tech DXA—dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry—scanners, which are expected to provide an extra 29,000 scans to ensure that people with bone conditions get diagnosed earlier.
I note that the shadow Secretary of State does not want to look to the past—I am not surprised, given the Conservatives’ record—but I am sure that we can work together in the future.
For those in villages such as Slaggyford, Kirkhaugh and Mohope, the cottage hospital in Alston is closer than the hospital in Hexham.
As my constituent Rowland outlined to me, despite that proximity, ambulance services find themselves restricted by county borders.
Rural constituents’ access to healthcare and rapid response services are suffering as a result.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss ambulance services in rural areas?
I holidayed in my hon.
Friend’s constituency this summer—it is a very beautiful part of the world—so I understand some of the rural challenges.
It is a matter for local integrated care boards how they organise ambulance services.
There are many problems that we want to resolve, and I would of course be very happy to meet him.