The Secretary of State will have seen this morning the excellent report by Policy Exchange, which puts the costs of repealing the legacy Act at hundreds of millions of pounds.
The return to inquests and civil cases will severely hit the budget of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
Without funding, that will inevitably reduce policing and affect national security.
Will His Majesty’s Government commit to underwriting that liability?
I will end by saying that if we in this House think the law is not fit for purpose, it is our job, and ours alone, to change it.
That is what parliamentary sovereignty means.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
I completely understand the concerns, which he has expressed with such passion, about our armed services personnel, including in relation to this case.
He has just said, “If this is the law, the law needs to be changed.”
Is he suggesting that the arrangements for inquests and the way in which they are conducted—coroners sitting, hearing the evidence and coming to a finding—ought to be changed?
[Interruption.]
That is a very interesting observation from His Majesty’s Opposition.
The legislation passed by the last Government would have given the very terrorists who were killed in the exchange of fire, if they had survived, the ability to secure immunity from prosecution.
That is what the last Government’s legacy Act did.
It would have given anyone—soldiers, but also terrorists—immunity from prosecution.
I am afraid that this Government take the view that that was wrong and the courts have determined that that was wrong.
That is why we will repeal and replace the legacy Act.
Throughout the troubles, both state and non-state actors committed unlawful killings that have created harm and scarred families across both our islands.
Does the Secretary of State agree that his Government, working with the Northern Irish parties, must find and build bodies that honour the Stormont House obligations of articles 2 and 3-compliant investigations and ensure that no victim-maker—nobody who carries out an unlawful killing, whether UK state forces, IRA or UDA—has the right to suppress truth from families?
As I have previously indicated to the House, I am committed in all my discussions with many of those affected, including veterans, to finding a way forward that can command a degree of consensus in a way that the last Government’s legacy Act failed to do.
I understand the strength of feeling being expressed in the House today—I really do—but there needs to be some reflection on how a piece of legislation came to be passed that engendered almost universal opposition in Northern Ireland.
The people of Northern Ireland, who, after all, lived through the troubles, did not feel that that was the right way to proceed, and time
and again it has been found to be unlawful.
In other words, we were left with a mess and we are doing our best to try to fix it.