I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and his constituent to discuss all of those matters of concern—I look forward to doing so as soon as my diary will allow.
The eyes are not only the windows to the soul, but a window to our health.
Last week I had the pleasure of meeting the team at Moorfields eye hospital who, alongside a team at University College London, have done some work on a simple retinal scan that can detect Parkinson’s disease seven years prior to any symptoms.
Does the Minister agree that optometry, eye care and eye health should be at the forefront of NHS England’s plan for integrated care, and that we should bring forward a national eye health strategy?
Yes, I would be more than happy to support that.
That is part and parcel of this Government’s aim to shift the NHS from hospitals to community.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, we inherited a broken NHS, and nowhere is that more apparent than in our mental health services.
Too many people are waiting too long to access the care they need.
To fix that, we will recruit 8,500 more mental health workers; provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, as the hon.
Member has called for; roll out Young Futures hubs in communities; and modernise the Mental Health Act 1983.
With the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill being amended to include a panel that will involve psychiatrists who will determine whether a request for assisted dying should be granted, as well as a number of cross-party amendments rightly calling for the involvement of mental health professionals earlier in the process, what assessment have Ministers made of whether there is sufficient capacity in mental health services, which the Minister has just noted are overstretched, to meet those demands, and on the potential knock-on impact on both waiting times and treatments for those with mental health conditions?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government’s position on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life)
Bill is one of neutrality.
I am on the Bill Committee simply to speak about the Government’s position on the workability and operationalisation of the Bill.
We look forward to seeing the amendment that will be brought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) .
Any comment we make or position we take will be based on the operationalisation of that amendment, should it become part of the Bill and, ultimately, should the Bill gain Royal Assent.
Thurrock community hospital does fantastic work on integrated care, particularly on integrated mental health care.
On a visit, representatives said that what makes the hospital successful is a commitment to working across integrated care boards, the local authority and other relevant partners in the community, as well as a commitment to meeting people where they are, finding out what is important for them and working from there.
Does the Minister see that model as integral to the reform of mental health care in this country?
Will he join me on a visit to Thurrock community hospital to see what it does and what can be learned from how that work is undertaken?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner on this issue in her constituency.
She is right that the integration of services is crucial to ensuring that we get the best possible outcomes for people who are struggling with their mental health.
I would be very happy to discuss with her the possibility of me visiting her constituency.
Is the Minister aware of the brilliant work done by Mersey Care NHS foundation trust in reducing in-patient mental health suicides to zero, which is an extraordinary achievement.
Under a former Health Secretary, who may be standing not a million miles away from where I am standing now, that became an objective for all mental health in-patient units across the NHS.
Will the Minister look into whether that objective still stands?
If not, can it be reinstated?
I am not familiar with the detail of the case that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions, but it sounds like a positive and interesting development, and I would be happy to consider it further.
The Government are committed to delivering the cross-sector suicide prevention strategy for England, published in 2023.
The 8,500 new mental health workers who we will recruit will be specially trained to support people at risk.
I am regularly contacted by constituents who are concerned that their children are not receiving the mental health care they need.
Having met GPs in Winsford, I know that there are clear concerns that access to child and adolescent mental health services is being rationed to the point that it has become almost inaccessible to all but the most severe cases.
Will my hon.
Friend tell me what progress has been made towards our commitment to provide specialist mental health professionals in schools, ensuring that there is early intervention that prevents issues from escalating?
After the disastrous 14 years that we have had, we are facing a very serious situation in terms of mental health provision.
It will take some time to get the workforce in place, but we have a clear commitment to having a specialist in every school.
The appointment and training of those specialists will take some time.
We are also rolling out open-access Young Futures hubs in every community.
I am confident that the combination of those two interventions will get us back to having mental health services that this country can be truly proud of.