I, too, welcome the new Minister to her place.
This morning’s oral health survey revealed that more than one in five five-year-olds in England have experienced dental decay, affecting their ability to smile and socialise, as well as causing pain and distress.
Will the Secretary of State guarantee the Government’s commitment to tackling the problem, and back Liberal Democrat calls for an emergency scheme that guarantees dental check-ups for children?
This is an issue that the Government are prioritising.
The hon.
Member will be aware of the commitment we made to provide 700,000 urgent dentistry appointments.
We are ramping up to deliver on that commitment, as well as to deliver supervised toothbrushing in our schools.
Further wider-ranging reform is needed; I am working closely with the Minister for Care to rebuild NHS dentistry, after the rot left in it by the Conservatives.
As we heard from my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State, this is National HIV Testing Week.
In the Liverpool city region, Steve Rotheram is forming plans to end new HIV cases by 2030, and the Royal Liverpool university hospital is starting opt-out testing.
As my right hon.
Friend said, this week, our Prime Minister became the first leader in, I think, the G20 to take an HIV test.
What plans does my right hon.
Friend have to ensure that there is more HIV testing beyond this important week?
Increasing HIV testing is a vital step towards meeting our goal, and it will be a core element of our new HIV action plan, which will be published later in the year.
We are investing more than £4.5 million in delivering a national prevention programme, and, with backing of an extra £1.5 million, we will extend the programme for a further year, until March 2026.
The charity that organised the campaign “The Darker Side of Pink” estimates that 31 women lose their battle against metastatic breast cancer every day, which means that more than 20,000 have died since I first raised this matter two years ago during Prime Minister’s Question Time.
What will the Government do to increase awareness, understanding, the availability of drugs and screening for women facing this challenge?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this serious and important issue.
We want to ensure that we improve diagnostics, access to treatment and research, and I can think of no better person to lead the work on this area of the national cancer strategy than my hon.
Friend the Minister for Secondary Care, who has lived experience, and who demonstrates that people can live well with cancer.
Women across the country, including my constituent Lisa from Haxey, are struggling to access vital hormone replacement therapy medications, such as Estradot patches.
Owing to a 30-year-long medical condition, Lisa had her ovaries removed and now faces severe health consequences because of these ongoing medication shortages, and there is no resolution expected soon.
Given the  repeated supply issues with HRT in recent years, what actions is the Minister taking to ensure a consistent and reliable supply of those essential medicines?
I entirely appreciate the frustration and distress caused by medical supply shortages.
We are working intensively with industry to resolve the HRT supply issues, and the problems with the supply of Estradot are expected to be resolved by the end of the month.
Meanwhile, we have issued a serious shortage protocol to allow community pharmacists to supply alternative brands of the same medicine, and those remain available.
My constituent James, from Abbots Langley, wrote to me on the subject of the Chancellor’s recent talk about pushing infrastructure projects, such as the Heathrow airport expansion.
Why is the Health Secretary not pushing for this infrastructure funding to be spent on the new Watford General hospital, a project that has cross-party support, is shovel-ready and will save lives?
If the hon.
Member is so committed to that project, perhaps he can explain why his party did so little about it in government.
Since April, Crawley’s urgent treatment centre has been temporarily closed overnight because of low staffing levels.
What do the Government intend to do to ensure that normal services are resumed for communities such as mine?
We are absolutely committed to urgent treatment centres, which play a vital role in supporting patients, especially during periods of high demand.
I understand that this is temporary, and that the centre is running a pilot.
I know that my hon.
Friend will work closely with his local integrated care board to ensure that it serves his constituency adequately.
There are 153,000 people in the United Kingdom living with Parkinson’s, and one in 137 will be diagnosed during their lifetimes.
There are 18,000 new cases every year, 4,200 of them in Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time we had a Parkinson’s charity, not just for England but for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland as well?
As I always say, let us do it better together.
Where have I heard that before?
The hon.
Member knows that I will agree with him on the matter of the Union, but I also believe that we should work cross-border wherever we can, especially when it comes to important issues such as Parkinson’s.
We have to make better breakthroughs in research, treatment and, hopefully, finding a cure.
After 14 years of Conservative government, 77% of people in Derby cannot access an NHS dentist.
Can the Minister tell us what caused the rot to set in and how we can fill the cavities in provision?
I see what my hon.
Friend did there, and she should brace herself as we drill down into this answer.
The Conservative   party is the cause of the rot: spending on NHS dentistry fell by a staggering 18% between 2010 and 2024, so it is little wonder that dentistry is on its knees.
We will shortly set out plans to introduce supervised tooth brushing for three to five-year-olds in the most deprived communities, and we are working with the dental sector to implement our rescue plan.
New research from Marie Curie has found that 85% of public expenditure on people in the final year of life in Scotland is spent in hospitals and only 14% on community care.
The figures are very similar for England.
What work is being done to ensure a minimum standard of community treatment for people in the final year of life?
It is vital that we have a palliative and end of life care service that works and is on a sustainable footing.
I have had discussions with the sector.
We want to ensure that we do not have the cliff edge that we had at the end of last year.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to this, and we will report back in due course.