I wish my hon.
Friend all the best with his efforts to get that dental school up and running.
As for the need for serious reform, there is no perfect payment system, but we have to get a payment system in place that makes NHS dentistry attractive—at least as attractive as doing work in the private sector.
We are working at pace on that, and I will report back on that as rapidly as possible.
Some 44,066 children—one in six—are waiting more than a year for medical treatment, compared with one in 100 adults.
Waits are at their worst in community medicine.
In Dorset, there are waits of up to two years in child development, and delays of a year are normal for child and adolescent mental health services.
Fifty-three per cent of all community health referrals take more than a year.
Will the Minister confirm whether the 18-week target will apply to community referrals and not just hospitals?
If not, when can we expect a target, so that children are not badly affected?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to put the spotlight on paediatric health.
Mental health is important for children and young people, but physical health is too.
This Government are committed to dramatically reducing waiting lists and returning to the 18-week standard by the end of this Parliament, but we should aim to go even harder after those childhood waiting lists, because many children waiting in pain and agony are losing valuable years of their childhood that they will never get back.
The Government know how hard I have worked as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for medical cannabis on or under prescription.
I am pleased to hear that there is a trial, but I urge the Minister and her team to make sure that it actually goes ahead, as others have not because of Brexit, covid and elections.
Can she please meet me to ensure that the APPG and I are kept up to date on the work of the NHS?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong campaigner on this issue on behalf of her constituents, and I congratulate her on that work.
We are confident that the randomised trial will go forward, and we have invested over £8.5 million in it.
I am very happy to meet her, and I urge people to come forward and support the trial.
That is the way forward on this issue.
The new Health Minister has stated that it is okay for a human being to present as a llama.
If I have a family member who presents as a llama and suddenly becomes ill in the middle of the night, should I send for a doctor, a vet or a straitjacket?
I can say to the hon.
Member that my hon.
Friend the Minister believes in treating every human being with the dignity and respect they deserve—even the hon.
Gentleman.
Shortly after the election, the new Government announced £4.3 million for a new community mental health hub in Whitehaven.
Unfortunately, the local mental health trust  followed that decision by announcing the closure of the Yewdale ward for acute mental health services.
Does the Minister agree that we need to get early intervention right before we close acute services, and will he bring together a meeting to scrutinise that decision?
Integrated care boards are responsible for providing mental health services to meet the needs of their local populations.
As part of our plan for change, we will reduce delays and provide faster treatment.
We are working with NHS England to transform mental health services, shift care from hospitals to local communities, and increase access to support for people across the country, including in rural areas.
Insomnia affects many patients, including my constituents, who are being advised by their GPs to try cognitive behavioural therapy as an alternative to medication.
However, digital CBT programmes are not available on the NHS, leaving many without access to drug-free treatment.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that patients have access to digital therapies, so that more people can get access to evidence-based, drug-free support?
The hon.
Gentleman hit the nail on the head when he mentioned the importance of evidence-based treatment.
As part of the Government’s shift from hospital to the community, from analogue to digital and from sickness to prevention, the NHS absolutely should be in this space, and we are considering those issues as we develop our 10-year plan for health.
The NHS South East London integrated care board provides services to my constituents, and I have discussed some ways in which we could better deliver services by redeveloping the Erith community hospital site in Northumberland Heath.
Is the Minister able to provide an outline of the Government’s plan to provide capital funding for expanding community services like those at Erith hospital?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend so that we can get into a bit more detail about what is happening in his constituency, but he is absolutely right to point to the need for more and better community health services.
That will be at the heart of our shift from hospital to community in the 10-year plan that we are delivering.
Health authorities in Devon are set to trial the relocation of a vital coronary service from Torbay to Exeter, which is 24 miles away.
Will the Minister meet me and fellow south Devon MPs who have grave concerns about the impact on patient safety?
It is important that people are able to get the right care in the right place at the right time, and I recognise the challenges, particularly in geographies such as Devon and Cornwall, which have more rural and remote communities.
In the first instance, I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to take this issue up with local health leaders and his integrated care board, but Ministers are always open to receiving representations beyond that if he needs further reassurance.
Before I call  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  to ask his urgent question, I must remind hon.
Members of the House’s rule relating to matters sub judice: Members should not refer to any matter that is currently before the courts.
On  19 November , I granted a waiver in respect of the case of Dillon and others v. the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, given the issues of national importance raised by that case.
The waiver is ongoing, and Members may refer to the case in the House.
Given that the coroner’s verdicts and findings in relation to the Clonoe inquest have been published, I am content for that case to be discussed in the House.
However, Members should take care to avoid referring to any other active civil or criminal cases.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland to make a statement on the coroner’s ruling in the Clonoe inquest.
On  16 February 1992 , a heavily armed unit of the Provisional IRA carried out an attack on Coalisland police station armed with a 12.7 mm heavy machine gun and three AKM rifles.
Approximately 60 rounds were fired, but thankfully no one was injured.
Following the attack, the IRA unit proceeding to a car park where they were engaged by soldiers of the Army’s specialist military unit.
This resulted in four men, Patrick Vincent, Sean O’Farrell, Peter Paul Clancy and Kevin O’Donnell, being shot and killed by the soldiers.
On  6 February , Mr Justice Humphreys, sitting as a coroner in the inquest into the circumstances of those deaths at Clonoe chapel, found that the use of lethal force by the soldiers was unjustified and that “the operation was not planned and controlled in such a way as to minimise to the greatest extent possible the need for recourse to lethal force.”
The coroner further found that the soldiers did not hold “an honest and genuinely held belief” that the use of force was necessary to defend themselves or others.
These are clearly very significant matters that require careful consideration.
I know that the Ministry of Defence is considering the coroner’s finding.
Therefore there is, unfortunately, a limit to what I am able to say in relation to the findings themselves, particularly given that there is also an ongoing civil case relating to these events.
However, it is clear the Government must take such findings very seriously.
We owe a great debt to our armed forces— Order.
There is no sub judice to the case that you have just mentioned.
We must be clear on that.
So please let us not try to use that as a barrier.
I just want to be clear on that.
I accept that entirely, Mr Speaker.
I was merely pointing out, as I think your statement alluded to, that there is an ongoing civil case.
We owe a great debt to our armed forces.
The vast majority of those who served in Operation Banner during the troubles did so with distinction.
They operated in the most dangerous and difficult circumstances to protect the citizens of the United Kingdom.
During the troubles, over 1,000 members of the security forces lost their lives in that endeavour.
It is right that we hold our armed forces to the highest standards.
We must also recognise the extreme circumstances that they faced.
That is what sets them apart from the terrorist organisations who indiscriminately murdered over 3,000 people during the troubles.