I am grateful to the Minister for her response and our ongoing correspondence on this issue.
I very much look forward to meeting her on site at Stepping Hill so that she can see for herself the reported £134 million repairs backlog at the site.
The most recent board papers mentioned a £19.9 million significant risk backlog, which is having a detrimental effect on the hospital team’s ability to see and treat patients.
What   hope can the Minister give that there is a plan for the funding of buildings at Stepping Hill so that my constituents get the treatment that they deserve?
The hon.
Lady outlines for her constituents what many across the House will recognise: the state that the last Government left the capital estate in.
The autumn Budget committed over £13 billion into next year, with £4 billion for ICBs to start prioritising some of this work.
We have allocated £1 billion for critical backlogs, maintenance and upgrades.
A longer-term capital plan will follow the 10-year plan that we are currently developing to offer the hope for her constituents that she asks for.
What steps his Department is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase access to assessments for special educational needs.
Children and young people with special educational needs are waiting too long for the NHS services that they need, in large part because local authorities have been hollowed out by 14 years of austerity.
We are supporting earlier intervention through the partnerships for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools—PINS—programme, which is backed by £13 million of funding.
NHS England has also launched a taskforce to look at how support can be improved for people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
We look forward to its report later this year.
Cambridgeshire has some of the lowest funding in England for GP practices and schools.
Given the Government’s focus on growth for the area and the record demand for special educational needs and disabilities and young people’s mental health services, will the Minister work with colleagues across Government to ensure that high-growth areas no longer suffer lower than average funding?
Our commitment to improving SEND conditions is universal.
We are looking at this from the point of view of improving provision right across the country.
I am very pleased that the PINS programme is making progress.
I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the early language support for every child—ELSEC—programme, in which nine pathfinder sites over two years will provide early identification, and targeted and universal support for children with speech, language and communication needs in early years and primary school settings.
We are working very closely with colleagues across the Department for Education and NHS England on that.
Local authority resources are a big driver of some challenges in the SEND system, but it is clear to anyone working in it that a systemic under-prioritisation of children’s health, all too often by local NHS trusts, is a big contributing factor.
Young people right across my constituency waiting for assessment and lacking support are paying the price.
As part of our 10-year plan to reform the NHS, how will we ensure that children’s health is front and centre again, with much more support for people with additional needs?
I am working very closely with colleagues in the DFE on how we mainstream SEND provision more effectively, get more rapid education, health and care plans and autism diagnoses, and on a whole range of issues that require strong cross-party work.
I would be happy to brief my hon.
Friend on that separately.
What steps his Department is taking to help reach the national dementia diagnosis rate target.
The dementia diagnosis rate target was not met for the last five years of the Conservative Government, and it declined over the course of the last Parliament.
This Government are committed to ensuring that at least two thirds of people living with dementia receive a diagnosis.
The Government are investing in dementia research across all areas, from causes, diagnosis and prevention to treatment, care and support, to help people live with this condition.
Nearly 1 million people are living with dementia—it is the biggest cause of death in the country today—and by the end of the 2030s that figure is set to rise to 1.4 million.
Early diagnosis is one of the best things we can do to support people living with dementia, so will the Secretary of State explain why the dementia diagnosis target no longer features in NHS England’s priorities, as published two weeks ago?
Will he commit to reinstating both dementia and the commitment to a diagnosis target in NHS England’s priority guidelines?
I just restated the Government’s commitment to ensuring that at least two thirds of people living with dementia receive a diagnosis.
Our investment and reform agenda will speed up diagnostics across the board.
Under the last Government, NHS planning guidance was a wish list of fantasy targets, most of which were never met.
As the NHS got worse and worse, they piled on more targets to make themselves look busy.
This Government are ending the micromanagement, turning our NHS around and clearing up their mess.
My dad was a GP in Hartlepool for over 30 years—the Secretary of State was kind enough to meet him the last time he was in Hartlepool—and he has Alzheimer’s.
Every day, I think about why we did not spot the signs early enough to get the treatment that he needed at an earlier stage.
The Alzheimer’s Society estimates that only 29% of social care workers have any form of dementia training.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is critical that we up that number and ensure that all social care workers have dementia training, to ensure early diagnosis?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question—I know how personal this issue is for him.
I was delighted to meet his father on my visit to Hartlepool, and wish him very well.
I take very seriously what my hon.
Friend has said about the importance of workforce training.
He mentioned training for health and social care staff, which is important, but I would argue that the point applies more broadly across our society.
On  6 September , the Department launched the adult social  care learning and development support scheme, which allows eligible employers to claim for funding for certain training courses and qualifications, including relevant dementia training, for eligible care staff.
We will continue to keep this under observation and review.
What steps he is taking to help tackle career progression inequalities in nursing.
I know that this issue is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart, after his years of service as a nurse in the health service.
We have to ensure that the NHS is an attractive place for nurses to work, and that they can progress.
We hear directly from staff through our 10-year plan, and work closely with the Royal College of Nursing, Unison and other trade unions through our social partnership forum.
I must disclose that I worked as a mental health nurse in the NHS for the past 22 years, and that in my career, I progressed from nurse to head of nursing.
Recruitment and retention of nursing staff across the health and social care sector is key to delivering an NHS that is fit for the future, but the most recent NHS staff workforce survey showed that just 56% of staff felt that the health service acted fairly when it came to career progression.
What steps will this Government take to address this issue, and to ensure that our nursing workforce feel valued and feel a sense of purpose in their wider work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the issue is key, and that the results are worrying.
I know how proud my friends and family members were to become nurses, and what a great career nursing offered them.
We have to deliver on the promise of a good career, and build on that pride in being a nurse.
We absolutely recognise that we cannot rebuild the NHS without their skills and their high-quality critical and compassionate care.
Does the Minister believe that the NHS should expect biologically female nursing staff to get changed in front of biologically male colleagues who identify as female?
No.
What steps he is taking to help devolved Administrations reduce waiting lists.
I was delighted to work closely with the hon.
Gentleman when he was Minister for Health for Northern Ireland, and I am delighted to work with his successor.
I have met regularly with my counterparts in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales since I took up office.
The Chancellor’s recent Budget meant a massive £26 billion-a-year boost for the health and social care services; thanks to the Barnett consequentials, the devolved Administrations will benefit from a major increase in their budgets—the biggest since devolution began.