The Labour Government’s elective reform plan says that there are plans for 10 straight-to-test pathways.
Can the Secretary of State name them, or give one example?
It is absolutely ridiculous, Mr Speaker.
Conservative Members turn up, criticising and carping about this Government’s elective reform plan, but I remind the hon.
Gentleman that when his party was in office, it delivered the longest waiting lists in the history of the NHS.
If he wants to do a pop quiz, he can use Google.
This is the Secretary of State’s own plan.
There was one example in the plan, but as an article in The BMJ on  17 January  helpfully pointed out, that one example—which featured Sarah, who had sinus pain and hearing issues—was quietly removed from all online and future drafts after “a flurry of GPs pointed out that her treatment” was “wholly inappropriate.”
That article went on to say that “Sarah can pick up her dose of unnecessary radiation along with her weekly shop.”
On this part of the Government’s plan, The BMJ concluded: “Sarah’s story is one of over-investigation, fragmented and inappropriate care, spurious choice, and a lack of senior decision making at first presentation.
Activity for activity’s sake has little to do with high quality care.”
Does the Secretary of State agree with The BMJ, and if not, why not?
I always believe in holding our hands up when mistakes are made.
I am happy to say that the reason that case study was removed from the published elective reform plan is because it was a genuine mistake, for which I accept responsibility as the Secretary of State.
Now, maybe the Conservative party might like to accept responsibility for the highest waiting lists and lowest patient satisfaction in history, and finally have the decency to apologise to the country for the mess it left us in.
What steps his Department is taking to support hospices.
What steps his Department is taking to support hospices.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of long-term funding for hospices.
Hospices provide vital care and support for patients and their families at the most difficult time.
I am very proud that this Government have provided a £100 million capital funding boost for adult and children’s hospices over this year and next.
We are currently finalising the delivery mechanism for this funding, and we are pleased that Hospice UK is standing ready to distribute the money to local hospices across England.
We are also providing £26 million of revenue funding for children’s hospices in England in 2025-26.
While I wholeheartedly welcome the £100 million capital funding boost for hospices announced before Christmas, 17 members of staff at Nottinghamshire hospice, which is a large community-based hospice serving my constituency that provides care for family members in their own homes, have recently been told they are at risk of redundancy.
Can the Minister please expand on how the Government will support organisations such as this to continue to deliver excellent care in the community?