Leicestershire is home to some superb hospices, such as Rainbows and LOROS, both of which are set to be massively impacted by the hike in national insurance contributions.
Given the important work that these hospices do, particularly for people at the end of their lives, will the Minister urge the Chancellor to reverse this pernicious tax rise?
I am once again struck by the fact that Conservative Members seem to welcome the additional investment that the Chancellor has put into our health  and care service, but do not seem to have any plan or proposals at all about how the revenue should be generated for that funding.
Until we get an answer to that question, we will struggle to get much further in this House, although I note that Toby Porter, the chief executive of Hospice UK, has said that the “funding will allow hospices to continue to reach hundreds of thousands of people every year with high-quality, compassionate care.
We look forward to working with the government to make sure everyone approaching the end of life gets the care and support they need”.
First, may I pay tribute to those who work in hospices?
I think we can all agree that they do an astonishing job.
The Minister will agree that the national insurance hike has had an impact on those who work in hospices.
Can he assure me that when it comes to the Scottish Government’s funding—I acknowledge the 14 years of Tory misrule and the funding settlements that were handed down—any Barnett consequentials will be passed on in full to the devolved Administrations?
We have seen the biggest settlement in many years for our health and care system across the country.
It is now up to the SNP Government in Edinburgh to absorb and deliver that funding in a way that will actually improve services in Scotland—something that we have not seen for a very long time under the misrule of the Scottish National party.
The magnificent work done by those who work in hospices, including the four in Northern Ireland, needs to be reflected in the funding formula.
Will the Minister undertake to discuss with ministerial colleagues the need for the Treasury to review that funding formula, particularly in relation to devolved settlements?
From the roundtable discussions, and from subsequent discussions we have been having with the sector, it is clear that we need to look at the long-term funding issue.
We faced a cliff edge towards the end of last year.
That is not the right way to do things.
We must start getting the funding discussions moving so that, well in advance of the end of this financial year, the funding situation for the palliative and hospice sector is much clearer.
What steps he is taking to reduce inequalities in healthcare.
Lord Darzi’s report laid bare the shocking health inequalities in our country.
It is completely unacceptable that in Britain in 2025, maternal mortality rates for black women are more than double those of white women and life expectancy at birth for females in Blackpool is eight years less than in Kensington and Chelsea.
Reducing inequalities in elective care was identified as a key priority in the planning guidance and mandate that the NHS published last month, and further measures to address these inequalities in our country will be at the heart of our 10-year health plan, which will be published in the spring.
In 2013, the then coalition Government reduced the health inequalities weighting in the NHS formula, with the result that less money went to deprived areas.
That was despite evidence that between 2001 and 2011, every £10 million invested in such areas resulted in four fewer men and two fewer women dying early.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure Government Members that that health inequalities weighting will be reinstated so that we can ensure that deprived areas get the funding they need and that lives are saved?
The Government mandate to NHS England was published on  30 January  and makes the importance of tackling health inequalities clear.
NHS England has an existing programme that targets the most deprived 20% of the population, with the aim of reducing health inequalities.
I can reassure my hon.
Friend, who has been a determined campaigner on inequalities, that the health inequalities weighting has not been withdrawn.
The funding in question, which amounted to £200 million, has been incorporated into the main integrated care board allocation.
The weighting of that health inequalities adjustment has been increased from 10% to 10.2%, so that the ICBs still benefit from that extra investment, with funding redistributed to areas with the poorest health outcomes, based on measures of avoidable mortality provided by the Office for National Statistics.