There were almost 67,000 cases of serious antimicrobial-resistant infections in the United Kingdom in 2023.
War is increasing such infections globally; 80% of patients in one Kyiv hospital in Ukraine are said to have such infections.
The Conservative Government had a plan to tackle that.
Do the Labour Government plan to follow that plan, are they on track to meet those targets, and if not, what will the Secretary of State do about it?
I am delighted that Dame Sally Davies continues her work on antimicrobial resistance.
That is an absolutely critical issue, and I pay tribute to the previous Government, particularly Minister Quince, for their work on it.
It is in the national interest that we maintain not just the national focus but the international focus on antimicrobial resistance, which is why UK leadership in those global fora is so important.
Another time when it is important to work together is during a pandemic, such as by sharing research.
Unfortunately, recent history tells us that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses out.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that, whatever emerges from discussions with the World Health Organisation, he will not reduce the UK’s capacity to take decisions in the interests of the British people.
May I just say how regrettable it is that a sensible shadow Minister is sent along to parrot the absurd lines of her leader?
If he will take steps to repair Hinchingbrooke hospital before buildings containing reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete reach the end of their lifespan in 2030.
As I am sure the hon.
Member knows, Hinchingbrooke hospital is in wave 1 of the new hospital programme, and his constituents can now look forward to a new hospital under this Labour Government.
The hospital has received over £44 million to deliver RAAC mitigation safety works, and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has commissioned a site-by-site survey of RAAC hospitals, which will ensure that individual development plans address the highest-risk elements as soon as possible.
Last July, Deborah Lee, the senior responsible officer for the Hinchingbrooke hospital redevelopment programme, stated that the deadline for the new hospital was 2030.
In a written answer to me last year, the Minister confirmed that, even after the mitigation measures of failsafe steelwork, the lifespan of the remaining RAAC buildings would run only until approximately 2030.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that the rebuild, and all waves of the new hospital programme, will not be delayed by the review of building safety regulations guidance announced by the Deputy Prime Minister in December?
Will he assure my constituents that the RAAC buildings at Hinchingbrooke will be safe to use beyond 2030, and if so, will he publish the risk assessment that he has conducted to confirm that?
The hon.
Gentleman has outlined the shocking state of some hospitals.
I confirm again that we want a site-by-site report of those hospitals for exactly that purpose: to ensure that they are safe and to understand any critical issues before the schemes go forward.
We expect that report in the summer.
Given that the Tory predecessor of  the hon.
Member for Huntingdon (Ben Obese-Jecty)  failed to mention RAAC once, and mentioned Hinchingbrooke hospital only five times in 23 years, does the Minister agree that people in Huntingdon and across the country need a Labour Government committed to rebuilding the NHS, not a Tory Government who pay lip service but fail to back it up?
I commend my hon.
Friend on his research into the previous Government, and for the hard work that he is doing on behalf of his constituents.
We are committed to the rebuild of Hinchingbrooke and have put the new hospital programme on a sustainable footing, which is something that his constituents can look forward to.
What progress his Department is making in reducing waiting times for elective care.
This Government inherited a waiting list with a staggering 7.6 million people on it.
Since July, that waiting list has already been reduced by almost 145,000, and ensuring that the NHS once again meets the 18-week standard for elective treatment is at the heart of the Government’s plan for change.
Our elective reform plan sets out how we will meet that standard by the end of this Parliament, through a combination of investment and reform that Labour knows from past experience delivers results.
I get regular messages from constituents facing terrible waits for care with potentially serious consequences, including a one-year delay for an early dementia referral and an 18-month delay for a cardiology review.
Although I understand the case for the short-term, one-off use of spare private capacity to tackle the backlog while the NHS is rebuilt, can the Secretary of State please outline his longer-term thinking regarding privatisation of the national health service?
In particular, why is he encouraging the development of long-term relationships with the private sector?
The NHS has always worked constructively with the independent sector, and I do not believe that ideological hobby horses should come before patients getting faster access to care.
This Government are investing in our NHS, and before the hon.
Lady complains about that, I would just point out that the Green party’s manifesto on the NHS said that it would require an “additional annual expenditure of £8bn in the first full year” of this Parliament, rising to £28 billion later.
The Chancellor has just delivered a Budget that delivers £26 billion of additional investment, and the Greens complain about it.