Military people in general, and in some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, says Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Boston University who works at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues.
He says life in the military can mean exposure to a witch's brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of getting breast cancer.
So, my friends, I am asking that we do the right thing.
We are on the right track, we are on the right rail, we are on the right road.
But with the expansion of women in the military, I can assure you, for long life, a vital service that these men and women give, it is extremely important to move forward with this amendment.
Researchers have pointed to a higher use of oral contraception in the military than in the general population, and oral contraception has long been linked to breast cancer among women--an alarming factor that would ensure that this particular amendment would be a positive step forward.
Despite significant advancements in prevention, diagnoses and treatment, more progress can and must be made, not only to reduce the fatality rate of breast cancer, but also to research methods of prevention and ways to drastically reduce risk factors.
To this end, I have over the years been successful in winning passage of several Jackson Lee Amendments to the National Defense Appropriations Act in prior years to improve breast cancer research across the United States.
I am here today seeking support for the same amendment to provide increased funding for the Defense Health Program's research and development by $10 million.
These funds would specifically address the issue of breast cancer in the United States military.
Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided active- duty servicemen and women along with veterans, such as enforcing accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces, addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing authorization for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder as well as Triple Negative Breast Cancer research funding.
Additionally, I have introduced H.R. Bo, the Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Research and Education Act of 2013, which focuses on expanding, intensifying, and coordinating programs for the conduct and support of research on triplenegative breast cancer, a type of breast cancer that is difficult to detect but disproportionately impacts African American and Hispanic women.
I am very proud of the work that I and Congress have done to address the health concerns of active duty and veteran servicemen and women, but there are still improvements to be made.
As a breast cancer survivor myself, I understand the toll which this destructive disease takes on patients and their family members.
Support and encouragement are invaluable resources to those battling cancer, and spreading awareness of one of the most pressing health concerns can help minimize the burden on those currently fighting.
The men and women who are on the front lines or have already completed their valiant service to this country have many pressing issues and challenges they already must face; breast cancer should not be one of them.
Our service members fight and sacrifice for our freedoms.
Now, as lawmakers, we should be working to ensure to protect their lives and freedoms--not trying to take their rights away.
While the negatives of this defense appropriations bill disappointedly outweigh my positive amendment, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Jackson Lee Amendment No.
90--notwithstanding my strong opposition and encouragement to vote down the underlying bill. ____________________
HASC HEARING ON EXAMINING IRREGULARITY IN THE STRATEGIC BASING PROCESS FOR U.S. SPACE COMMAND; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.