Wokingham borough council often struggles to find schools, including specialist schools, that can meet the needs of SEND pupils.
As a result, many children are receiving education other than at school, or are reliant on alternative provision.
Even so, there are often instances in which some needs identified in the EHCP are not met.
Will the Minister— Order.
I am sorry; it is meant to be a topical question.
Somebody have a quick go at answering.
The Department for Education’s regional team engage with Wokingham regularly to discuss its SEND provision, provide support and constructive challenge, and share best practice.
That has included providing a DFE SEND adviser to work with Wokingham and support the local authority in improving its services.
I recently visited Beaconsfield primary school in Ealing Southall, where teachers told me they have to fill in up to six forms to get disabled children the help they need.
The time that takes is time they do not have, and they often need to choose which child to prioritise for support.
How will the Minister reduce unnecessary paperwork and make it easier and more efficient for schools to ensure that every disabled child gets the educational support that they need?
Yet again we hear about the urgent need to reform our SEND system.
We are determined to turn it around.
We will work with everyone across the House and anyone with an interest in this area, including parents, teachers and staff, because we need to get this right.
For safeguarding purposes, a number of primary schools in my constituency now allow pupils to wear their PE kit all day on PE days, rather than getting them changed in school.
What assurance and support will Ministers give those schools that are concerned about the changes to uniform policy that Labour is pushing through, particularly with respect to participation in PE?
There is no reason that schools should need to make any kind of change.
Of course, headteachers make practical decisions about how they feel they should run their schools.
We are cutting the cost to parents and putting more money back in their pockets, unlike the Conservative party, which seems to oppose practical, straightforward measures to cut the cost of school uniform.
Ensuring sensory and motor integration is crucial for a child’s development and learning, yet many services that do so are available only in the private sector.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure that parents can access those crucial services?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for children with special educational needs and disabilities in her constituency, and I am happy to meet her to discuss the issue.
The Children’s Commissioner says that the Government are “legislating against the things we know work in schools”.
Katharine Birbalsingh says the schools Bill is “catastrophic”.
Sir Dan Moynihan asks: “Why are we doing this?”.
Why does the Education Secretary think that she knows more about education than the Children’s Commissioner, the head of the best school in the country, and the head of the best multi-academy trust?
This Labour Government are determined to deliver high and rising standards for all our children.
The Conservatives left 1,000 failing schools, continuing to let down more than 400,000 children.
They left one in three children leaving primary school without a firm foundation in English and maths, and one in five children regularly out of school.
If they want to debate their record, I will do it any day of the week.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the SEND crisis in Suffolk Coastal?
I have had over 100 families reach out to me since the general election to talk about their urgent needs and the crisis that they face because of Suffolk county council.
Yes.
In Devon, only 4.9% of EHCPs are received within 20 weeks.
Conservative-run Devon county council has been utterly failing our children for the past 10 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what more we can do to support the council and turn things around for families, like that of my constituent James, who has had to wait two and a half years for the test that he needs to get an EHCP?
Local authorities have been significantly impacted by the increased demand for EHCPs, and by workforce capacity issues.
We know that they need a more effective and efficient service delivery for schools and families, and we are working as hard as we can to support local authorities in meeting their requirements in a timely way.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the impact of Government fiscal policy on defence.
The Government’s plan for change says that we will “set out the path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence in the spring”.
I am genuinely grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for asking this urgent question.
It gives me the opportunity to reiterate what the Prime Minister has said, what the Defence Secretary told the House on Wednesday last week, and what the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry repeated in the House on Friday, which is that this Government have a cast-iron commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, and that we are already delivering for defence by increasing defence spending.
At our first Budget, we announced an extra £3 billion on spending on defence in the next financial year.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Before I turn to the specifics, I hope you will indulge me and allow me to say on behalf of His Majesty’s Opposition that we join all colleagues today in marking Holocaust Memorial Day.
May we never forget or be complacent about the lessons.
Last Wednesday, the Defence Secretary stood at the Dispatch Box and laid bare the extent of the Russian grey zone threat.
This is not a distant threat, but one that has been lurking in our own waters, threatening the United Kingdom and our critical infrastructure.
I heard what the Secretary of State said, and responded by confirming that he had our full support in standing up to the Russians.
I said that this showed why we urgently needed to increase defence spending.
But there is one big problem.
The rest of us were listening, but the Chancellor of the Exchequer was not.
Despite all the evidence before our eyes of the growing threat, we learned this weekend from multiple sources that spending 2.5% will be delayed beyond 2030.
Can the Minister disown such talk, and specifically confirm that we will hit 2.5% during this Parliament?
The Treasury is not just failing to back more defence spending; it is hitting our armed forces with higher taxes on death in service benefits and education.
The Secretary of State confirmed on Friday that the application of inheritance tax to death in service benefits for the armed forces would go ahead.
We understand that to be causing deep alarm throughout the forces community.
As for the education tax, we knew that the continuity of education allowance would not be uprated to 100% of the VAT impact, leaving many service personnel thousands of pounds out of pocket, so since the summer I have called for a full exemption for children of armed forces families.
However, in a written answer to me in November on the continuity of education allowance and schools VAT, the Minister for Veterans and People said that “the new VAT policy does not offer any exemptions”.
Yet on Friday we learned that children of US armed forces families serving in this country and attending British independent schools are exempt from VAT on  their UK school fees.
I do not begrudge them that—US forces are based in our country to defend us—but we want the same treatment for our people.
Finally, can the Minister confirm that the Secretary of State will bang on the door of No. 11 to demand, first, that the tax on death in service benefits be dropped and, secondly, that British forces families be treated the same as their American colleagues and granted a full exemption from education VAT?
Is it not time that Labour backed our armed forces with action, rather than just words?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s words about Holocaust Memorial Day.
His Majesty the King has been in Auschwitz for the 80th anniversary, and he spoke for the nation when he said that we will remember this evil long after the survivors of the Holocaust have passed.
I have set out clearly that, in the spring, we will lay out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We will also publish a strategic defence review, setting out what we will spend the money on and how we will respond to emerging threats.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know from the Defence Secretary’s statement last week, we will make it absolutely clear to those who threaten us that we will use the formidable capabilities available to us to defend the UK and our allies.
We inherited a situation in which, during their entire time in power, not a single Conservative Government spent 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The last time that 2.5% of GDP was spent on defence was under the last Labour Government.
We have inherited falling morale; a retention and recruitment crisis; service personnel living in mouldy, broken homes; and a hollowed-out and underfunded military.
That is what the SDR will seek to fix, and I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be able to give us his full support.
Having listened to last week’s debate, the hon.
Gentleman will know that those who die on active service are exempt from the inheritance tax provisions.
He will also know that the Defence Secretary has uplifted CEA support to 90% for those who privately educate their children while serving in the military.
We will continue to support our armed forces, renewing the contract between the nation and those who serve.
We will publish the defence review in the spring, when we will also set out our path to spending 2.5%.