The decision not to compensate nurseries for the national insurance increase has already pushed providers “to the brink”, according to the Early Years Alliance, and many in schools, including schools with nurseries, are worried that they will be next.
Local councils received a bill of £1.8 billion as a result of the national insurance increase, but received compensation for less than a third of that because the indirect costs were not covered.
Can the Minister reassure the House that compensation for the increase will cover all the costs to schools, not just the direct costs?
The Government have announced that public sector employers will receive compensation for the increase in their national insurance contributions, including school-based nurseries and maintained nursery schools, but in line with the arrangements for other areas, there will be no additional NICs funding beyond that.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of children achieving the early learning goals.
Children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life—nothing less.
Through our plan for change, Labour will get a record share of children school-ready.
We will make that a reality through opening new school-based nurseries, rolling out childcare, earlier intervention, speech and language support, help for parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities, and wider SEND reform.
That is rightly ambitious, and we are determined to deliver it.
As a Jewish person, Mr Speaker, may I take this opportunity to thank you for everything you have done to help the House to remember my ancestors and those of other Jewish people whom we remember today?
Welcome funding was announced for Abram Bryn Gates school in Bamfurlong, in my constituency, in the last free school funding round, but the school has just been told that that funding has been paused, possibly until 2028.
It is a really important school, because it provides support for kids to stay in mainstream education even when they have left.
When can my constituents expect a decision to be made on the funding for this school?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that issue on behalf of his constituents.
I would be more than happy to meet him to discuss it further.
We are working rapidly through the whole free schools pipeline to ensure that we are creating places where they are required—that includes specialist provision—and that there is a strong case and good value for the taxpayer.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Today marks the 80th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau.
As the years slip away, our duty to remember only strengthens.
I have had the privilege in recent months of listening to the powerful and deeply moving testimony of Holocaust survivors in person, including Renee Salt and Mala Tribich.
It is vital that the world hears their voices—hears what happened to them and their families, and what happened to 6 million Jewish men, women and children during the Holocaust.
That is especially important giving the shocking rise in antisemitic abuse that we have seen since  7 October .
The Government could not feel more strongly about this, which is why we have confirmed that the Holocaust will be a compulsory topic in all schools following the completion of our curriculum and assessment review.
I recently launched an exciting new reading initiative across Dover and Deal called Tapp into Reading.
We tour the schools and the children read theatrically from a VE Day text.
This will end in May, at a theatre.
Will the Education Secretary join the judging panel then?
That brilliant initiative shows what a champion my hon.
Friend is for his constituents, and I will consider his request seriously.
I would certainly be happy to visit his constituency soon and to work with him—perhaps also on how his local schools might be able to join the UK-Ukraine school partnerships programme, which is based on the power of reading.