The Government have said in answer to written questions that they have a forecast for the number of apprenticeships but that they will not publish it for Members to see, which is a shame.
At the last oral questions, the Secretary  of State said it was still the Government’s policy to allow employers to spend 50% of their apprenticeship levy money on other things.
Is not the reason the Government will not publish their forecast for the number of apprenticeships that their policy will lead to a sharp reduction in the number of people starting apprenticeships?
We are very confident about what the Government are doing with apprenticeships.
Our levy-funded growth and skills offer, with apprenticeships at the heart, will deliver greater flexibility for learners and employers in England, aligned with our industrial strategy, creating routes into good skilled jobs in growing industries.
As a first step, that will include shorter duration and foundation apprenticeships in targeted sectors.
What steps she is taking to ensure that disabled children have access to specialist teachers.
High quality teaching is the most important in-school factor for improving outcomes for all children, including those with disabilities.
That is why we are committed to delivering our first step of recruiting 6,500 new teachers to drive high and rising standards in our schools in both mainstream and specialist settings.
We are doing that by bolstering pay and conditions, and restoring teaching as a respected, expert profession.
Research in June 2023 found that only 56% of teachers in mainstream schools felt confident about supporting children with a special educational need or disability.
Today, that means many children, including in my constituency, are still missing out on learning and leaving school without the skills they need.
Does the Minister agree that we need more specialist teachers, including those for multisensory purposes and for children with visual impairments, to ensure every child has the opportunity to fulfil their potential?
All teachers are teachers of special educational needs and disabilities.
High quality teaching is central to ensuring that pupils with SEND are given the best possible opportunities to achieve in their education.
To support all teachers, we are implementing high quality teacher training reforms, which begin with initial teacher training and continue through early career training to middle and senior leadership.
These changes and reforms will ensure that teachers have the skills to support all pupils to succeed, including those with SEND.
On Friday, I had the opportunity to visit Manor Mead special school, where 60 members of staff look after the 92 pupils, many of whom have the most severe learning disabilities and autism.
I was absolutely blown away by the care of the staff, and I was particularly grateful to be shown around by the adorable Luchia, one of the pupils.
Will the Minister join me in thanking all our special school teachers for the amazing commitment they show, and on Manor Mead’s behalf, may I invite her to visit and see that work at first hand?