The hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  has asked a very important question.
The Government funded the pay award for schools and academised sixth-form colleges but, unlike last year, not for stand-alone sixth-form colleges.
That decision has already led to seven days of industrial action.
After threats of judicial review, the Department for Education offered some additional funding, but only £7 million of the £19 million that is needed.
That funding gap has led to a pay gap, and as a result the National Education Union has more strikes planned and the NASUWT is also balloting.
What is the Government’s plan to end the dispute and end the damage that is being done to those students?
The hon.
Member will know that industrial relations are a matter for sixth-form colleges themselves, in co-ordination with the sector-led national bargaining arrangement through the national joint council.
We encourage open and constructive dialogue by all parties in the best interests of staff and students during this critical transition period.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage reading in schools.
Getting more children reading for pleasure is a key part of our plan for change, and of our work to drive high and rising standards across education by giving all our children the best start in life.
Earlier this month, I was pleased to join the Prime Minister as he unveiled a landmark partnership between schools here in the UK and in Ukraine, based on the power of reading and backed by legendary children’s authors including Michael Morpurgo.
According to the Libraries for Primaries campaign, one in seven state primary schools in the UK lacks a dedicated library or reading space, and that figure rises to one in four in the most disadvantaged communities.
As we know, reading for pleasure is essential to a child’s academic success and mental wellbeing.
Thousands of primary schools still need libraries.
Does the Minister agree that libraries are vital for child development, and what further steps can the Government take to ensure that every primary school has a library?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the power of reading.
We all know that reading broadens horizons and nurtures creativity, and I want more children to experience that joy, although sadly,  we also know that more and more children in our country are not enjoying reading for pleasure.
Under the Tories, one in four children were leaving primary school without meeting the expected standard in reading; it is little wonder that they are unable to enjoy reading in the way they should.
Through our plan for change, we will drive high and rising standards to make that a reality.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the use of phonics as the basis of teaching reading has been thoroughly vindicated?
I do accept the absolutely essential role of phonics—it was a Labour Government who first started the roll-out of phonics in 2006.
We need all our children to reach a brilliant standard in reading, but as I have just said, one in four currently do not meet the required standard.
There is so much more that we need to do to ensure that all our children get a firm foundation in those subjects and, yes, enjoy reading as well.