Both in government and in opposition, the Liberal Democrats have a proud record of championing free school meals for all those who need them.
However, even today, too many children from some of the poorest eligible families are missing out.
Lib Dem-led Durham county council has automatically enrolled children for free school meals this academic year, resulting in over 2,500 additional children getting a meal at lunch time, and an extra £3 million in pupil premium funding for the county.
Will Ministers finally commit to automatically enrolling all eligible children in England?
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is the perfect opportunity to do so.
As I mentioned, we will keep our approach in all Government programmes, including eligibility for free school meals, under continued review.
We are aware of local measures on auto-enrolment being trialled and are supportive of the overall aims of such schemes.
If her Department will provide sixth-form colleges with the funding required to support a 5.5% pay award for teaching staff.
The Government do not set or recommend pay in further education.
However, in the midst of tough decisions taken at the Budget to fix the foundations, after having been left with a £22 billion black hole by the Conservatives, we have reprioritised an additional £300 million for further education.
I declare an interest, because my husband works at Luton sixth-form college, although this question does not affect him.
I am proud to have Luton sixth-form college and Barnfield college in my constituency—places where young people develop not only their education but their ambitions.
Excellent sixth forms stay that way only by attracting and retaining the best staff.
However, with the funding shortfall left by the last Tory Government, I am concerned that it is our younger generations who will feel the loss.
Will the Minister outline how sixth-form colleges can use their funds to deliver the deserved 5.5% pay rise for teaching staff?
I recognise the vital role that sixth-form colleges play, including Luton sixth-form college, and I agree that high-quality staff are what helps to make them great, as well as our amazing students.
That is why we announced an additional £300 million for further education in the Budget, and it is why we are releasing £50 million of that funding in this academic year, so that colleges can respond to priorities, including workforce recruitment and retention, and use those funds as they see fit.
Balcarras school in my constituency has calculated that if its funding for its sixth form had increased by just 2% over the past 15 years, it would now have more than £650,000 extra to keep its school running.
The head warns me that the  sector is now at breaking point.
Do Ministers recognise what is going on in the sector after the years of underfunding we have had?
I reiterate that the one-off £50 million grant will enable colleges to respond to current priorities and challenges as they see fit, including workforce recruitment and retention.
It is up to those colleges and sixth forms to choose how to use that funding to best meet learners’ needs.
I invite the hon.
Member to write in if he would like some further information.