The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment she has made of the potential merits of introducing free school meals for all primary school pupils.
Our Government are driving an agenda to break down barriers to opportunity and reduce child poverty.
Around £1.5 billion is spent annually on free lunches for over 3 million pupils.
This includes all children from reception through to year 2, and we have committed to introducing free breakfast clubs in state-funded primary schools.
As with all programmes, we will keep our approach under continued review.
Knowsley, an area in my constituency, has the highest proportion of obese and overweight children in England, according to NHS data.
Knowsley council’s director of public health recently described to me how this was an issue of poverty and deprivation.
We know from research into universal free school meals in London that such a policy can reduce obesity rates by up to 10%.
Earlier this month, I got unanimous support from the council when I suggested that Knowsley could be a perfect test bed for the roll-out of universal free school meals.
Will the Minister meet me and the leader of Knowsley council to discuss that possibility?
Over 13,000 pupils in Knowsley are supported with a healthy and nutritious free meal at lunch time through the Department’s free school meals and universal infant free school meals programmes.
Unlike the Conservative party, we are on the side of parents in making a child-centred Government a reality.
My hon.
Friend is a real champion on these matters, and I am happy to meet him to discuss them further.
Because the previous Government widened eligibility, one in three children could get a free school meal in 2024, compared with one in six in 2010.
That was despite the fact that 600,000 fewer children were growing up in workless households and that the proportion of people on low pay had halved.
Will the Minister commit that this Government will maintain those levels of eligibility?
The Department recognises the valuable role that free school meals play and encourages all parents eligible for the entitlement offer.
We will continue to review our approaches and take a consistent approach going forward.