Last week’s National Audit Office report found £13.8 billion-worth of maintenance backlogs in our schools.
With thousands of students who are taking A-levels and GCSEs studying in schools with crumbling reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete and the Joint Union Asbestos Committee warning that pupils and teachers face a tsunami of deaths after being exposed to asbestos on the school estate, what urgent steps are Ministers taking to ensure that our children and school staff can focus on teaching and learning and not have to worry about whether they are safe?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
Far too often our staff have had to focus on maintenance and buildings rather than driving up standards in our schools.
The Conservatives talk about their record, but their record was children cowering under steel props because of the RAAC crisis that they left behind.
This morning I visited Cledford primary school in Middlewich to speak in their school assembly.
During my visit, the headteacher proudly showed me the school-based nursery that staff went above and beyond to get ready for the start of this term.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Cledford on getting the nursery up and running, and can he outline the role that school-based nurseries will play in helping children achieve their early learning goals?
High-quality childcare and early education is a crucial opportunity to transform life chances, but too often it is unavailable or unaffordable.
That is why this Labour Government are committed to delivering additional places in new and expanded school-based nurseries.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend’s school on the work it is doing.
Our plans will benefit children and parents with high-quality and accessible provision.
The Government’s decision to make schools foot the bill for the teachers’ pay award is pushing many schools closer to the brink.
As the head of Richard Challoner school in my constituency told me, his and many other schools  are being forced to consider severe cuts to balance their budgets.
What support will the Secretary of State give schools in those difficult circumstances?
I recognise the challenging context that many schools experience after 14 years under the Conservatives.
At the Budget, notwithstanding the severe challenges that we face, the Chancellor prioritised key education areas, including making sure that we could deliver on that 5.5% pay award for teachers that the last Government refused to back.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
As a school governor, I recognise the importance of strong safeguarding measures to protect our children.
Will the Minister reassure me that rather than play politics on this issue or pander to extremes, the Government will remain laser-focused on improving safeguarding in our schools?
Protecting children is a cross-Government priority.
Although the devolved nations have their own safeguarding systems, we will continue to work closely with them to ensure that safeguarding remains a priority and that we all engage with our schools to see where we need to strengthen our safeguarding support.
A severe shortage of specialist provision and a council in dire financial straits is leaving children with severe levels of need in my constituency making four-hour round trips to school and back every day, which is too much for many of them to cope with.
What steps is the Minister taking, working with local Government to reduce such journey times for children who simply cannot cope with them?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
No child should struggle to get to school because of a lack of transport, and no child should have to travel great distances if there could be an inclusive and appropriate place for them at their local mainstream school.
That is what we are determined to deliver for all children, both to ensure that they get the best opportunities and for their families.
Springfield Training provides excellent opportunities in Leeds South West and Morley for young people not in work, training or education to do fulfilling apprenticeships.
I have seen that in action myself.
What is the Department doing to support such organisations to get young people into work?
Independent training providers are an important part of the post-16 education landscape.
They are funded to deliver the training that employers and learners need.
That supports our plan for a youth guarantee to ensure that every young person can earn and learn.
Springfield Training contributes to that effort, governed by our contractual relationship with commercial providers.
We know that early diagnosis is critical to effective SEND provision, but there is a national crisis in the number and availability of educational psychologists.
Given that Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission are jointly investigating Cambridgeshire SEND services, will the Minister meet me and the council to discuss the outcome and actions from that?