The Government’s commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence has been shrouded in delay and uncertainty.
At a time when Europe faces its gravest security crisis in decades, this is unacceptable.
Promises without a clear path are hollow, and the Government should commit to setting out by Easter a detailed and credible plan for reaching 2.5%.
We must also make the right spending decisions, and the House of Lords International Relations and Defence Committee has raised concerns about the capability of the British Army.
What plans does the Minister have to reverse the previous Conservative Government’s cuts to the Army?
He mentioned retention, which is another critical issue.
Improving the living conditions of our armed forces must be a priority if we are to attract and keep the talent we need.
Finally, the ongoing problems of inefficient defence procurement undermine our readiness, so what is the Minister doing to tackle those long-standing problems?
The Government must stop dragging their heels, set out the pathway to 2.5% and end the uncertainty.
I have a lot of time for the hon.
Lady, but we have been very clear and consistent that we will set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence in the spring.
I remind her that when her party was in government, instead of increasing defence spending by £3 billion, as Labour did, the Liberal Democrats’ and the Conservatives’ first Budget cut defence spending by £2 billion, and cut it by 20% across the Parliament in which her party was in power.
I support the hon.
Lady in wanting a better deal for our forces, but I remind her to look in the rear-view mirror occasionally.
Order.
While we are talking about mirrors, can the hon.
Gentleman look at me occasionally, so he is not just staring one way?
It is interesting that Members on the Opposition Front Bench seem to have forgotten that when they left office, they left us with the smallest Army since Napoleonic times, a lack of ships and aeroplanes, some of the poorest equipment and many problems with procurement.
It is important that we keep to the timetable on the SDR, but given the rumours we are hearing and the stories in the press, will the Minister provide an assurance that he will keep this House fully informed on progress on the SDR, not provide that information through the press?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that our armed forces were hollowed out and underfunded over the past 14 years of Conservative Government, but the Defence Secretary will come to the House to report the strategic defence review and announcements will be made by Government about the path to 2.5% of GDP.
I understand the enthusiasm, especially that of Conservative Members, to listen to anonymous briefings, but we have been clear that this Government will treat the House with respect.
We will be in the House to make announcements on the SDR and on the path to 2.5% of GDP to be spent on defence.
I have a simple question: would it be compatible with the military covenant to make compensation payments to former members of the IRA?
That is not a matter for the Ministry of Defence and it is not within my portfolio, but if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will ensure Northern Ireland Office officials respond to him.
However, I do not think there will be strong support for such action from much of the House.
On our journey to increasing defence spending, it is crucial that we keep the public on side, especially given our dire financial inheritance from the Conservative party and the hollowed-out state of our armed forces, as Conservative Members have acknowledged.
That is why I welcome the Government’s break from tradition in informing this House and the British people about their steps to deploy a nuclear submarine to respond to Yantar, the Russian spy boat, along with the Plymouth-based RFA Proteus.
What steps will the Government take in the future, over the coming weeks and months, to keep the British public informed, so that they stay on side as we increase defence spending to respond to the threat from Russia?