I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
One of the biggest pressures on SEND funding in Stoke-on-Trent are the independent alternative providers that charge tens of thousands of pounds for single places, often with huge profit margins for themselves.
We are subject to a safety valve arrangement.
Could I therefore ask the Minister to meet a delegation of providers and teachers in Stoke-on-Trent, who are hungry for a new way of delivering SEND provision to ensure that our young children get the education they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the challenges and pressures on the budget.
I have identified the need to improve the situation with school transport by educating children locally and to provide more inclusive mainstream places.
Where special school places are required, we need to ensure they are in the right place and available for the children who need them.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to hear the ideas of his friends.
What steps she is taking to support free speech in educational settings.
It was a Labour Government who first enshrined freedom of expression in law, and Labour is to this day committed to freedom of speech and academic freedom.
That is why we are pressing ahead with a robust, rigorous and workable Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, and taking common-sense decisions in the national interest.
Unfortunately, a minority of teachers subscribe to the sort of dog-whistle, divisive politics sometimes heard from those on the Government Benches —and from those down here on the Liberal Democrat Benches, by the way.
This has put some children in Ashfield off expressing their own opinions during sensible debate in schooltime.
Does the Secretary of State agree that while in the classroom, teachers should remain politically neutral?
I have had the privilege of visiting hundreds of schools across our country, and I can tell Members that children in the schools I visit are usually never backward in coming forward with their opinions; I would hope that is the case in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, too.
Of course, schools have a duty to promote fundamental British values and are subject to long-standing legal duties that prohibit them from promoting partisan political views.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of apprenticeships.
What plans she has for the future of apprenticeships.
The Government have a mission to break down barriers to opportunity, and we want to rebalance opportunities in favour of young people who have the most to gain from apprenticeships.
Where starts have fallen by almost 40%, we are introducing foundation apprenticeships to give more young people a foot in the door at the start of their working life.
We are fortunate to have some great apprenticeship providers in Aylesbury, such as the Buckinghamshire College Group and Buckinghamshire New University.
When I joined pupils from the Grange school at their careers fair, I saw at first hand their excitement about the apprenticeship options on offer.
We know that apprenticeships are a win-win for young people and for sectors facing recruitment challenges, such as health and social care and construction.
What steps is the Minister taking to expand and strengthen apprenticeships, and to ensure that all young people who choose to go down that route are able to do so?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for students at Buckinghamshire colleges, and indeed for young people across Aylesbury.
I know the area she represents very well.
After the Conservatives left us with a collapsing apprenticeship system and other skills shortages, Labour is listening to employers and redrawing the system through Skills England, a new growth and skills levy and new foundation apprenticeships.
That is how we will unlock opportunity and drive growth.
Back in the autumn, the new Government announced plans to reduce the financial support available for level 7 apprenticeships.
Does the Secretary of State understand that curtailing higher-level apprenticeships will make it harder to access graduate-level skills and qualifications in rural areas such as North Devon, where there are no universities nearby?
The Government have an extremely challenging fiscal inheritance and tough choices need to be taken on how funding should be prioritised to generate opportunities for all.
Employers will still be able to offer and invest in level 7 apprenticeships where they feel they provide a good return on investment.
We have taken advice from Skills England, which engages with employers on funding for level 7 apprenticeships, over the autumn.
The Department expects to make a final decision on affected apprenticeships shortly.