There are children with special educational needs and disabilities in every school across the country.
Often, they face unacceptable barriers to participation, including school buildings that are not inclusive or fully accessible.
What is the Minister doing, as part of the Government’s welcome commitment to inclusive mainstream schools, to ensure that all expenditure by the Department for Education on new school buildings and building refurbishments helps to make schools more inclusive?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We want every teacher to be a SEND teacher and every school to be an inclusive school.
We are making progress by investing £1 billion into SEND, and £740 million into creating more inclusive specialist places in mainstream schools and undertaking the adaptations that may be required in mainstream schools to make them more accessible.
What steps she is taking to strengthen safeguarding for children.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is the single biggest piece of child protection legislation in a generation.
It will stop more children falling through the cracks through landmarks reforms—no more empty words but real action to keep children safe.
It is a shame that the Conservative Opposition have played silly games on this subject.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition dismissed safeguarding measures in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill as a distraction.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Timothy, you have been a bit loud recently, and I am sure you do not want an early cup of tea today.
After the tragic cases of Star Hobson, Arthur Labinjo-Hughes and Sara Sharif, will the Secretary of State remind Opposition Members why those measures are vital if we are to protect children?
Opposition Members might not like it, but that is what the Leader of the Opposition said.
The Conservatives had 14 years to stop vulnerable children falling through the cracks.
Now is the time for action—no more empty words or lessons learned.
Labour has brought forward the single biggest piece of child  protection legislation in a generation, but the Conservatives refuse to back it.
To label the measures a distraction is a new low.
I encourage the shadow Secretary of State to distance herself from those shocking remarks.