The Minister says the strategic defence review will be announced in the spring, but is that the astronomical spring, which he will note ends on  21 June , or the meteorological spring, which ends, from memory, on  31 May ?
He talks about a “pathway to 2.5%”.
That is a carefully crafted phrase from the Dispatch Box.
Is the pathway short or long?
Can he not give an answer to a straight question: when will we hear about 2.5%?
When will it be announced?
What is the date and the year?
The strategic defence review will be published in spring this year, and the path to 2.5% will also be announced in spring this year.
I am grateful to the Minister and his Department for setting out the need for increased defence spending because, like so many here, I believe we are living through a change  of era where the assumptions of globalisation and multilateralism are being refuted by reality, and it demands the renewal of our modern productive power in defence and the civil economy.
The simple reality is to that build strong alliances, we must maintain and build our autonomy.
Is it not the case that the one key fact about all this is that to maintain a good relationship with the United States, we will have to spend more on defence?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we have to spend more on defence.
I think everyone in this House agrees with that, and that is why this Labour Government are spending more on defence: an extra £2.9 billion as announced in the Budget and a pathway to spending 2.5% of our GDP, which will be announced later in the spring.
It was the Minister’s assessment of costs that drove the decision to decommission Bulwark and Albion.
But if the Brazilians are going to buy them, they cannot have been that bad, can they?
Let me say very clearly to the right hon.
Gentleman that we inherited a position where it was not planned that Albion and Bulwark would go to sea for a single day before they were decommissioned—that was the plan we inherited from the Conservative Government.
We are looking at new capabilities as part of the strategic defence review, and the Defence Secretary has also committed from this Dispatch Box to the multi-role supply ship project, to provide littoral and landing capabilities for our brilliant Royal Marines, who have a bright future in the strategic defence review.
I think both sides of the House can agree that our peace and security are founded on strong armed forces.
Will the Minister therefore welcome the fact that we are spending £3 billion more on defence this year, as well as our firm commitment to get to 2.5% of GDP?
I agree that it is important that we spend more on defence.
That is why the Chancellor laid out from this Dispatch Box that we will spend an additional £2.9 billion on defence in the next financial year.
It is also why the Government have laid out our plan to renew the contract between the nation and those who serve.
This is about not just kit and equipment but people.
Addressing falling morale and poor-quality defence housing matter to our armed forces, and that is why this Labour Government are addressing those issues.
A trained and skilled workforce is central to a successful defence policy, and I saw that at first hand during my visit to RAF Valley, where I met Babcock apprentices who attend Grŵp Llandrillo Menai.
The Babcock programme supports young people to develop skills, so can I ask the Secretary of State to ensure that any increase in defence spending includes significant investment in training and apprenticeships?
As someone who has a large Babcock premises in his own constituency in Devonport, I understand the importance of making sure that there is investment in skills.
It is absolutely right that, just as we invest in the skills of our armed forces personnel, we also  invest in the skills of the civilians who support them.
That needs to happen not just in the primes but across the entire supply chain, and that is what is being set out in the defence review and the defence industrial strategy, which will be published in due course.
I am a strong supporter of making sure that we reach 2.5% of GDP on defence.
However, may I remind Conservative Members that one of the first things this Government did was to scrap a £40 million contract with a helicopter company that transported Conservative Ministers around the country?
Does the Minister agree that that will help to ensure that our defence spending goes on defending the nation, not on assuaging the egos of Conservative Members?
The shadow Defence Secretary was certainly a regular user of the helicopters, so he will be able to advise colleagues whether they were good value.
It is true that the Government need to demonstrate our support for our armed forces.
We are doing that by making sure that we invest more in defence, and we have also given our armed forces the largest pay rise in 20 years.
Recruits’ pay is up 34% under this Labour Government, and we are creating a new direct entry to cyber to make sure that we can get the people we need in the future.
It is not just the kit and capability but the people that this Government are investing in, and we will continue to do so.
I expect to see more of that in the defence review published in the spring.
I would like to see slightly more humility from all political parties on the subject of defence spending.
[Interruption.]
Thank you.
The Minister is right that defence spending was cut under the coalition, but we are in a different world now, with a great power attacking Europe.
I would also like to inform him that one of my best friends, Captain David Hicks MC, was killed in Afghanistan in 2007, in part because of the atrocious level of military kit provided to our armed forces there.
So I think all political parties need to reflect on their records.
I think that the whole House will want to pass on its condolences to the hon.
Gentleman and the family of Captain Hicks.
It is right that one of the Government’s objectives is to have a strategic defence review that is also the nation’s defence review—one that is not just Labour’s defence policy, but that can be supported cross-party.
For that reason, I have laid out clearly the path and the timetable for our publication of the SDR and the 2.5% pathway in the spring.
When that happens, I hope we can have a debate about how those capabilities match the threats and how we can support the SDR as a cross-party-backed defence review that gives our troops and our industry the direction and support they need to keep our nation safe.
On the Floor of the House today, the Minister has stated that he wishes to have more money for the armed forces, and he has been very critical of previous procurement exercises by the former Government.
Can I therefore ask him whether he agrees that giving away the Chagos  islands, and paying to do so, is a bad deal, and that that money would be better spent on investing in our armed forces?
The hon.
Gentleman might have missed the debate in which it was set out clearly that the deal we have secured to ensure the long-term future of the Chagos islands began under his Conservative Government—11 rounds of negotiations under the Conservative party, I think it was.
The UK-US base on Diego Garcia is strategically important, which is why it is absolutely vital to secure its long-term future free from any constitutional threat.
That is what the deal does, and I hope that when it comes before the House the hon.
Gentleman will be able to back it, just as I will.
Which comes first, the strategic and operational needs of our armed forces or fiscal parameters set by Treasury bureaucrats?
The strategic defence review will set out clearly what threats the nation is facing and what capabilities we need.
I would expect to see renewal of our capabilities, because we have seen from the war in Ukraine that warfare has changed.
Some of the assumptions about how we structure our armed forces and how we fight have been challenged by the experience of warfare in Ukraine, and that is one of the reasons why this SDR is so important.
It will set out the evolving capabilities that we need and how we will deliver them to keep our nation safe.
Given that the vast majority of the Ministry of Defence supply chain is in the private sector—for example, BAE Systems in Fylde at Warton and at Samlesbury, with jobs across Lancashire—and that those private companies have seen significant increases in costs following the Chancellor’s Budget squeezing their payroll costs, as well as increasing regulation through the employment Bill and in other areas, we will be able to buy considerably less kit for 2.5% at the end of the defence review than at the start of it.
As the Government go through the defence review process, are they cutting the shopping list or planning to go above 2.5%?