The Secretary of State’s own Back Benchers have said that ending the academy order would be a huge mistake and would weaken standards.
Instead of running all her policy past unions, which are more interested in their own power than in teachers’ pay, will the Education Secretary listen to the Children’s Commissioner, her own Back Benchers and headteachers up and down the country when— Order.
[Interruption.]
These are topical questions.
If the hon.
Member wants to ask long questions, she should do so under a substantive question.
It has got to be speedy—punchy questions and sharp answers.
Members have to help me.
It was a Labour Government who created the academies movement, and a Labour Government will ensure that they continue to flourish.
The Conservative Government left a thousand failing schools that continue to let down more than 400,000 children year after year.
We will intervene more rapidly and more effectively to turn that around.
The Opposition have nothing to say on school standards; they are more interested in their own record than the best outcomes for children.
The Education Secretary does not understand that her Bill will make things worse, not better.
The legislation is in total chaos.
At the Dispatch Box she said that pay will not be capped by the legislation, yet we now know that it will be.
The Government cannot even do a U-turn correctly.
Last week the Prime Minister told the Leader of the Opposition to read the pay amendment, but five days later the Government have still not tabled it.
Can the Secretary of State tell me when it is going to come?
There was an awful lot in that but very little about how we deliver higher standards for our children, and that is what the Bill is all about.
The only people in hock to vested interests are the Conservatives—more interested in defending school uniform racketeers and the private schools lobby than investing in our state schools.
Widely accessible violent pornography is fuelling a culture of extreme misogyny and the normalisation of sexual violence and is warping the perceptions and attitudes of both young boys and girls to sex and healthy relationships.
What steps is the Secretary of State’s Department taking to encourage schools to be proactive in combating the influence of online pornography and the harms experienced by young people as a result?
I strongly agree with my hon.
Friend’s concerns, and I am determined to tackle the scourge of misogyny.
She brings experience to this place— Order.
Sorry about this, Secretary of State.
Please, Members have to sit down.
They cannot just remain standing up when the questions are being answered.
Do we all understand?
Great.
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise to this matter from her experience in education.
We are reviewing the relationship, sex and health education guidance to ensure that schools are able to teach what children need to know in the modern world.
Our school staff have a crucial role to play in tackling this issue as well.