We know that smartphones in the classroom have a negative impact on reading and on the educational attainment of children in general.
When in government, we issued guidance to try to ban smartphones from the classroom, but the latest evidence is clear that they are still far too prevalent in schools.
To fix the problem, the guidance needs to be put on a statutory footing.
Does the Education Secretary agree that children’s educational outcomes are negatively affected by smartphones, and if she does, will she back our amendment to ban them from the classroom for good?
I agree that phones have no place in the classroom.
It is entirely right that schools take firm action to stop their use, and I know that is what the vast majority of schools already do.
As the right hon.
Lady said, last July the Conservatives said that they did not need to legislate in this area.
Nothing has changed in this time.
I back the approach that they took in July in this area.
This is yet another headline-grabbing gimmick, with no plans to drive up standards in our schools.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for artificial intelligence research and development in the higher education sector.
The Labour Government are at the forefront of change and, as I said to the Bett conference last week, we are determined to ensure that “AI will be a positive, radical, modernising force for good in the lives of working people.”
The Department for Education is a member of the AI working group collaborating across Government to share thinking and expertise as we develop future policy.
Many of my constituents and local academics have expressed concern about the cancellation last year, by this Government, of what would have been the UK’s only exascale computer, at Edinburgh University.
That was not mentioned at all in the AI opportunities action plan.
It would have been a major beneficial development in this sector.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that this takes place, and can she reassure the public that the benefits of AI will be spread to universities across the UK?
I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s interest in this area.
She will know that the proposed exascale supercomputer is one programme that the Government are considering.
We are currently assessing the best way to take this forward.
The previous programme was announced under the last Government, for which full funding was not allocated.
We are committed to developing a strategy setting out a 10-year plan for our country’s needs.
That plan will be published in the coming months alongside the spending review, but I will ensure that officials in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology pick up her concern and that she receives a full response.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help retain clinical academics in universities.
As autonomous institutions, universities are responsible for their staffing decisions, including recruitment and retention.
Where the Tories left universities on the brink, we have acted decisively to secure the future of the higher education sector.
We remain committed to restoring universities as engines of growth, opportunity and aspiration.
The number of clinical academics is in worrying decline.
These are the people who teach our doctors in universities and are conducting groundbreaking research.
Consultant clinical academics’ contracts with universities give them pay parity with the NHS.
However, the universities do not have the funding to match the costs of the new NHS pay structure for consultants.
I have heard that, unable to retain them, 20 out of 26 medical schools in the country are offering voluntary redundancy to their staff, and sometimes not voluntary.
Does the Minister agree that we must do all we can to support medical education and research in this country?
I am aware that my hon.
Friend has extensive knowledge in this area, and I seek to reassure him that the Government recognise the vital role that clinical academics play in research and education in the NHS.
Although universities are independent and therefore responsible for decisions on pay, we are committed to working closely with education partners to ensure that clinical academia remains an attractive career choice for all, including students from disadvantaged backgrounds.
The new Pears medical school at the University of Cumbria and the Lancaster University medical school, among others, are struggling to recruit and retain medical academic staff, in no small part due to the last Government’s somewhat masochistic decision to undermine one of Britain’s best exports: namely, the income we receive from overseas students.
Will the Minister undo this  nonsense and allow Britain’s brilliant universities, especially the medical schools, to help boost the quest for economic growth?
Students are incredibly important to our universities, and we have some world-leading universities.
I will ask my hon.
Friend in the other place to respond to the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
What steps her Department has taken to help keep family hubs open in Kent.
Labour’s plan for change will get a record share of children ready for school, hitting key developmental targets by the age of five.
Family hubs will play a crucial part in that.
We are investing £69 million in family hubs, targeting support where the money will make the biggest difference to children’s life chances.
In Deal, Blossom children’s centre has been closed, and the new merged service does not offer the level of service required for one to four-year-olds and is not fit for purpose.
What can be done to reopen that much-loved and sorely missed community asset?
Local authorities must engage with families to co-design services and ensure that those services meet their needs.
We are investing £126 million in family hubs, Start for Life, and through our plan for change.
This Government aim to get a record proportion of children hitting key developmental targets by the age of five.
If my hon.
Friend would like to write to me on any particular issue, I would be happy to take it up.
Departmental officials are aware of the case he raises and are working with Kent county council to continue to deliver services.
rose— I had not realised that Strangford was in Kent.
The issue is in Kent and in Strangford, Mr Speaker.
The Minister is right to respond on the importance of disability and family hubs in Kent, and in Northern Ireland we have a commitment to the very same process.
Has she had an opportunity to discuss the ways forward here with those in Northern Ireland, so that we can share experiences and the best way?
Does the Minister wish to answer that question, because it is definitely not linked?
I assure the hon.
Member that the Secretary of State has had such conversations and will continue to do so.
What steps her Department is taking to support schools requiring specialist facilities for SEND students.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve special educational needs provision.
What progress she has made on improving support for children with SEND.
What steps she is taking to improve SEND services.
This topic is of interest to many colleagues across the House.
The previous Conservative Education Secretary labelled the special educational needs and disabilities system that she left behind as “lose, lose, lose”, and the shadow Minister said that the previous Government should “hang their heads” in shame over their record.
Just last week, a Schools Minister of 10 years said that they had “let down” thousands of children.
We agree wholeheartedly.
That is the system we inherited, but there is light at the end of the tunnel as this Labour Government work hard to reform and improve the system.
Some 52% of students at Dorset Studio school in my constituency have special educational needs, which is well above the national average, and 11% are in receipt of education, health and care plans.
A funding agreement between the Treasury and the Department for Education in February 2023 to upgrade the school’s facilities, including a new school hall, a canteen and specialist teaching facilities, aimed to bring the school up to purpose, yet there has been no progress since May 2024.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Department will take to get the ball rolling?
If she does not know, will she please meet me so that we can get things started as soon as possible?
I appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s question and his concern about making advancements.
Improving capital provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities is a priority for this Government, which is why we have allocated £740 million of additional investment to create those additional places in mainstream and special schools.
I am more than happy to look at the case he raises—indeed, it might also be for the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , to look at.
In Oxfordshire, the high needs of our accumulated deficit is expected to rise to £77.1 million by the end of 2025, and across England it is expected to rise to nearly £6 billion in the same period.
Does the Minister agree that, in the long term, a shift towards inclusive education, early intervention and enhanced support in mainstream schools is essential to create a sustainable and effective system that meets the needs of all children and young people, and will she commit to delivering it?
The hon.
Gentleman asks an important question, and we absolutely need to see a more inclusive mainstream system with an education, health and care plan process that gets children with special educational needs and disabilities the support they need.
By doing so, we will improve the mainstream inclusivity of our schools.
As I have outlined, we have allocated capital funding for that, but we are looking at reforms on a range of levels to ensure that children can be educated in their local community as far as is possible.
I draw attention to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Since I was elected, I have heard countless times from parents across Broxbourne that the special educational needs system is too difficult to navigate and all too often just does not work.
What action is the Minister taking to improve the confidence of parents in the SEN system?
I recognise the story that the hon.
Gentleman tells.
Indeed, it is told by many families up and down the country.
He should recognise that this legacy was left by the last Conservative Government for many families and many children, letting them down.
We are working incredibly hard to reform our system with a curriculum and assessment review, with capital investment and by working with local authorities to improve the education, health and care plan process and the timeliness of assessments.
We will continue to do that to clean up the mess.
I recognise what my hon.
Friend says: she has inherited an appalling situation from the last Government.
A recent Public Accounts Committee report bore that out.
Can she give a little more information on how she will reduce the number of families not getting timely assessments?
How will she address the doubling of demand for assessments?
My hon.
Friend is right to refer to the worrying findings of the Public Accounts Committee on the situation we are in.
As she rightly identifies, it is our ambition that all children receive the right support to succeed, where possible within mainstream schools.
That will need education, health and care plans to be processed more effectively, but also for mainstream schools in and of themselves to be supported to become inclusive, so that children and their families are not left waiting.
That will help to reduce the cost of transport, because far too many children are being transported to other local authorities over great distance and time, as they cannot be educated locally.
All these measures will not only drive down the challenges for families, but get much better outcomes for the money being spent.
At a recent surgery, a constituent told me that she had fought Tory-led Hertfordshire county council to carry out an EHCP assessment for her son for well over a year.
Since it concluded, she has been forced to go to tribunal six times in the past two years.
She informed me that she met resistance from the school and the council throughout.
After years of neglect by not only the previous Conservative Government, but Conservative local councils, I welcome the steps the Government are taking to reform the SEND system.
What assurances can the Minister give to my constituent and others in Hemel that EHCP assessments will be a priority?
I am sorry to hear what my hon.
Friend says about his constituent.
We need to see education, health and care plan assessments progressed more promptly, and we need to ensure that plans are issued as quickly as possible, so that children can begin to benefit from the support.
The Department is working closely with local authorities that have issues with timeliness.
There is, without doubt, a lot more to do, but we are determined to improve the situation for children and their families.