I am going to surprise the Minister and say that I think he is right that the armed forces were not big enough when we left Government, and that every Chancellor since the end of the cold war slashed spending because it was the easy thing to do.
Once the Ukraine war started, because of Russia’s illegal invasion, we put tens of billions of pounds into the response, so my question to the Minister is simple: if the strategic defence review suggests that we have to spend more money, are we going to spend that money or will it be directed to ensure that the amount does not rise above 2.5%?
The right hon.
Gentleman is certainly right that the forces were hollowed out and underfunded, which we are seeking to address by increasing defence spending.
We have provided £3 billion in the Budget  and the path to moving from 2.3% to 2.5% will be laid out in the spring.
The SDR will set out what capabilities we need to have to meet the threat environment, against that pathway to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The last Conservative Government did not spend 2.5 % of GDP on defence at any point during their 14 years of power.
Unfortunately, the increase that will come will have to address a lot of the damage that that Government did to our Army, our Navy and our Air Force.
Does the Minister agree that it takes a Labour Government to deliver those spending commitments?
It is certainly true that the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was under a Labour Government.
The Tories cut defence spending as a percentage of GDP over their time in power.
It is important that the strategic defence review wins cross-party support when published.
I hope that the shadow Defence Secretary will be able to offer the Government a common position, so that what is published will be not just Labour’s defence strategy but Britain’s defence strategy, and we can be strong at home as well as secure abroad.
If Labour colleagues are going to insist on reiterating that the last time 2.5% of GDP was spent on defence it was by a Labour Government, I suppose I have to point out that the last time 3% was spent by any Government it was by a Conservative Government, and the last time 4% was spent by any Government it was by a Conservative Government.
Both those figures were some time after the fall of the Berlin wall.
When the Berlin wall was still up, under the present accounting system we were spending up to 5.5% on defence, so please can everyone stop obsessing about 2.5% and when it will come in, because we need a lot more?
I have a lot of time for the right hon.
Gentleman.
He did not plug his “Shifting the goalposts?”
Defence Committee report, which clearly set out changes in GDP spend on defence.
I believe that he used the report to argue for more defence spending when his party was in power.
Now that we are in power, we are doing it: we increased defence spending by £3 billion in the Budget and will lay out a path to 2.5% in the spring.
Today is Holocaust Memorial Day.
Does the Minister agree that this solemn day is a reminder of what we are fighting to defend, and the need to always protect our values and freedoms?
Today is a day when we remember not just all those who were killed in the Holocaust, but those killed in genocides since.
It is a day when there is unity and cross-party support for tackling hate, in whatever form and wherever it comes from.
It underlines why we must stand with our friends in these difficult times, why we need strong defence, and why we need to root out hate wherever it rears its ugly head.
Let me reiterate what the Minister is not quite saying: we are looking forward to a defence review that will set out what we need.
It will not then be circumscribed as a percentage of GDP by some artificial ceiling; the  Government will spend whatever is necessary arising from the defence review, and his Department will send a defence review to the Treasury untrammelled by any spending constraint.
We need to address the desperate threat situation that the country is in.
Lord Robertson is conducting the externally led strategic defence review based on the terms of reference that were agreed with the Secretary of State for Defence and the Prime Minister.
Lord Robertson will publish it in the spring.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman is looking forward to it as much as I am.
Under the last Government, only two out of 49 major defence projects were being delivered on time and on budget.
Will the Minister set out what the Government are doing to get to grips with the financial mismanagement and failed procurement system that we inherited in defence?
It is certainly true that we inherited a broken defence procurement system; I think broken was the word that the shadow defence procurement Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , used when he was on the Defence Committee.
It must make for awkward team meetings, given that the man responsible for the broken procurement system,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , is sitting in those meetings as his boss.
We have set out clearly that, as part of our defence reform work, we will create a new national armaments director.
The new defence industrial strategy will be published in due course, which will set out how we will spend more with British companies, supporting not just the primes but small and medium-sized enterprises in all parts of the United Kingdom.
Let me try to help the Minister understand where the Opposition’s concern is coming from: it is because of the realisation, or suspicion, that the arbiter of when and how 2.5% is realised is not the Secretary of State for Defence but the Chancellor.
This is a Chancellor who scarcely understands the fundamentals of economics, much less the fundamentals of defence and the threat environment that these islands face.
What will the path to 2.5% look like?
Is there a date, or is it when certain criteria are met?
Also, the Minister be clear on who the final arbiter will be?
Is the Treasury saying, “2.5% when you need it,” or “2.5% when we decide it”?
The hon.
Gentleman invites me to make the announcement that I am saying will come in the spring.
To answer his concerns, I point him to the fact that the path to 2.5% will be set out in the spring.
During my recent visit to Britannia Royal Naval College with the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I saw the vital role that investment in defence plays in supporting our armed forces and creating skilled jobs.
Does the Minister agree that unlike the Conservatives’ inconsistent defence strategy, this Labour Government’s £9 billion investment in Rolls-Royce shows a clear commitment to strengthening our national security and growing our economy?
The armed forces parliamentary scheme is a brilliant scheme that introduces Members across this House to the important work done by our armed forces.
As a Navy brat myself and the proud MP for Devonport in Plymouth, I know the importance of a strong Royal Navy, Royal Marines and Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
The £9 billion announcement last week is an important part of securing our nuclear future, backing jobs across the country and supporting jobs across the entire supply chain—it makes Britain stronger.
The armed forces covenant is a promise—a promise that together we acknowledge and understand that those who serve or have served in the armed forces and their families, including the bereaved, should be treated with fairness and respect.
How is the imposition of inheritance tax on death in service payments of some families of deceased soldiers fair and consistent with that?
It is certainly true that we have a manifesto commitment to put the armed forces covenant fully into law.
That will come forward in the armed forces Bill in due course.
We set out from the Dispatch Box last week that the inheritance tax does not apply to those members of our armed forces who die on active service.
The other areas are subject to a Treasury consultation, and the Treasury will make an announcement in due course.
Is it not the reality of the past 14 years that we have fewer soldiers and fewer Navy and Air Force personnel and that, in an uncertain world, we need to reverse that trend and grow our military forces to deal with those threats?
It is certainly true that this Government inherited an armed forces that, as world-class as they are, were struggling with falling morale, poor housing and capability gaps thanks to 14 years of underfunding and hollowing out.
The strategic defence review will set out what capabilities we need to meet the threats, and the path to 2.5% will set out what will be spent on those capabilities.
We also need to improve how we spend because the defence procurement system is broken— something that was well highlighted by  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  and  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  when they were in government.
That will be fixed, and we will ensure that we have a strong set of armed forces able to deter aggression and defeat it if necessary.