After some

time in defense contracting, he became an FBI Intelligence Analyst.
In

this role, he investigates white-collar crime, researches terrorist

explosive devices, and fills intelligence gaps where they are needed.
I

commend PO1 Russo's lifelong efforts to safeguard our national security

and protect those who cannot defend themselves.
His selfless service

has been nothing short of outstanding.
I am honored to represent PO1 Russo in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR SERGEANT BLAINE KLEIN

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Blaine

Klein of Josephine, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
Sergeant Klein honorably served in the United States Army

during the Iraq War.
At the age of 18, Sergeant Klein followed his father's footsteps and

enlisted in the Army in defense of our nation.
His duties took him

across the continental U.S., and later to Iraq and Korea.
In Iraq,

Sergeant Klein served as a Human Intelligence Collector and managed

teams of intelligence sources to strengthen the Army's informational

capabilities throughout the region.
In one instance, he saved the lives

of their lives at risk.
Sergeant Klein prioritized others around him

and helped bring them to safety at great personal risk.
For his

distinguished service, he was bestowed the Army Commendation Medal, the

Meritorious Unit Commendation, and many more awards.
After returning to civilian life, Sergeant Klein has continued to

positively influence his community while overcoming his service-related

disabilities.
He is no stranger to helping others.
On a number of

occasions, Sergeant Klein has stopped to assist those involved in

vehicle accidents or medical emergencies.
I commend him for continuing

to be an upstanding role model for his community and family.
I am honored to represent Sergeant Klein in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MICHAEL D. COLE UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE STATE DEPARTMENT

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michael D. Cole upon

his retirement from the United States Department of State after 22

years of service.
Mike embarked on his foreign service journey in 2001.
Since then, his

service has extended from Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. to U.S.

Embassies and Consulates in Abuja, Bangkok, Budapest, Mumbai, San

Salvador, and Vienna.
Mike assumed the role of Director of the Los Angeles Passport Agency

in September 2020, facing head-on the arduous challenges and travel

restrictions necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic.
As international

travel has resumed in the years since, Mike's leadership in Los Angeles

was critical in the agency's return to pre-pandemic productivity,

processing passports for nearly three-quarters of a million U.S.

citizens during his time as Director.
In this position, Mike was a

reliable, affable, and professional partner to my District Office as

caseworkers processed passport casework brought to them by my

constituents.
Mike and his team provided prompt and satisfactory

guidance in navigating these often tricky and changing requests.
Mike's dedication to public service is further exemplified by his

service in the Consular Corps, where he has utilized his experience and

expertise to mentor the next generation of Consular Officers.
His work

to assist U.S. citizens during crises, offer support in disaster

relief, aid bereaved families, and protect vulnerable children stand as

a testament to his commitment to the American people domestically and

abroad.
I extend my heartfelt thanks to Mike for his service to our

constituents of the 39th Congressional District and our country, and I

wish him a well-deserved retirement.