Title: CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR LIEUTENANT AMY BURTON; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
188

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR LIEUTENANT AMY BURTON

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Amy

Burton of Paris, Texas, and award her a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
Lieutenant Burton honorably served in the United States

Navy during the Afghanistan War.
Lieutenant Burton heeded the call of duty to serve her nation after

narrowly avoiding a terrorist attack in Spain that claimed the lives of

several American servicemembers.
Shortly after this tragedy, she

enlisted in the Navy.
From 1988 to 2012, Lieutenant Burton provided

dental services and training to troops.
Her duties took her around the

world, including Sheppard Air Force Base, Camp Stone, Afghanistan, and

Yokosuka, Japan.
In 2007, Lieutenant Burton served onboard the USS

Bonhomme Richard assault ship as the Medical Administration Officer.
Her efforts helped ensure the troops under her supervision received

adequate dental and medical care.
For her outstanding service,

Lieutenant Burton was bestowed several Navy and Marine Corps

Commendation Medals, multiple Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals,

and many more awards.
Following her retirement in 2012, Lieutenant Burton has continued to

make a tremendous impact in her community in numerous ways.
She worked

with her local Department of Veteran Affairs to aid homeless veterans,

assist in benefits claims, and provide important workforce training.
Lieutenant Burton also volunteers with Disabled American Veterans,

American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Red River Valley

Veterans Memorial to uplift and support those who made sacrifices in

defense of our Nation.
Through her remarkable leadership and compassion for those in need, I

am confident that Lieutenant Burton has improved the lives of many

veterans.
I commend her for going the extra mile so that our men and

women in uniform will never be overlooked.
I am honored to represent Lieutenant Burton in Texas' 4th

Congressional District.
It is a pleasure to award her the Congressional

Veteran Commendation for her service to our Nation and to the people of

North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR PETTY OFFICER CHARLES RUSSO

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer

First Class Charles Russo of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
PO1 Russo honorably served in the

United States Navy during the Gulf War and Global War on Terrorism.
PO1 Russo has always been drawn to a career in public service.
He

began his Navy career in 1990 onboard the USS Wisconsin battleship and

the USS Papago ocean tug before advancing to the Naval Criminal

Investigative Service (NCIS).
Here, PO1 Russo worked as an Intelligence

Specialist and Special Security Officer with a focus in

counterterrorism.
Eventually, he was selected to serve as an Anti-

Terrorism Force Protection Officer.
PO1 Russo's work helped to

strengthen and expand our intelligence community's efforts to

investigate terrorism.
For his exceptional service, PO1 Russo was

awarded multiple Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, the Armed

Forces Service Medal with ``M'' device, and many others.
After his discharge in 2000, PO1 Russo was compelled to return to

public service after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on our

Nation.
As a Navy Reservist, he was mobilized to assist in constructing

secure rooms capable of handling sensitive information.
He also had the

opportunity to brief the Joint Chiefs of Staff on matters related to

the Afghanistan War.
For many years after being discharged, PO1 Russo

has continued to serve our nation in various capacities.
After some

time in defense contracting, he became an FBI Intelligence Analyst.
In

this role, he investigates white-collar crime, researches terrorist

explosive devices, and fills intelligence gaps where they are needed.
I

commend PO1 Russo's lifelong efforts to safeguard our national security

and protect those who cannot defend themselves.