Mike's dedication to public service is further exemplified by his

service in the Consular Corps, where he has utilized his experience and

expertise to mentor the next generation of Consular Officers.
His work

to assist U.S. citizens during crises, offer support in disaster

relief, aid bereaved families, and protect vulnerable children stand as

a testament to his commitment to the American people domestically and

abroad.
I extend my heartfelt thanks to Mike for his service to our

constituents of the 39th Congressional District and our country, and I

wish him a well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSING AMENDMENT 109 TO H.R. 5894

HON.
JERROLD NADLER

Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to Amendment 109

which imposes a cap of 30 percent of the total grant on all facilities

and administrative, or F&A, costs for research awards made by the

National Institutes of Health.
F&A costs help keep the lights on at research facilities across the

country.
These costs are essential reimbursements for operational

expenses incurred by universities and other research institutions for

conducting research on behalf of the government.
This amendment would

greatly affect the ability of research institutions to operate cutting-

edge laboratories and maintain utilities such as heating or hazardous

waste disposal.
This amendment would reduce critical scientific research that

directly contributes to our ability to save lives and reducing

suffering for the communities we serve.
Most medical breakthroughs were

federally supported and took place at medical schools, teaching

hospitals, and other research institutions across the country.
Without

the federal government's reimbursement of F&A costs, institutions would

be forced to scale back research that may help develop the next vaccine

or cure for cancer, Alzheimer's, and other health threats, or the next

technological innovation that will create new businesses or medical

devices.
As a result of these cuts, Americans will have to wait longer for

cures and our country will cede scientific breakthroughs to foreign

competitors such as China, which is heavily investing in this space.
This would undermine our nation's economic competitiveness and erode

the United States' longstanding commitment to medical research that has

yielded countless benefits to society and our well-being.
In summary, cutting essential F&A costs for scientific research would

result in slower scientific progress, longer waits for cures, fewer

jobs, and a threat to our nation's economic competitiveness.
I urge my

colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, on November 6, I missed two recorded votes.
Had I been present, on Roll Call No.
599, the motion to suspend the

rules and pass H.R. 1607, I would have voted Yea.
On Roll Call No.
600,

the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 359, I would have voted

Yea.
On November 9, I missed two recorded votes.
Had I been present, on

Roll Call No.
641, agreeing to Tenney Amendment No.
100, I would have

voted No.
On Roll Call No.
642, agreeing to Tenney Amendment No.
101, I

would have voted No.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RON SAPP'S 24 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE CITY OF FERNANDINA

BEACH

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Ron

Sapp for his decades of dedication and service to Fernandina Beach.
Mayor Sapp's 24 years of civic service as Mayor, Vice Mayor, and

Commissioner spanned four decades and displayed an unwavering

commitment to bettering our hometown of Fernandina Beach.
I was proud

to serve alongside him on the Commission, as did my father.
Fernandina is proud of Ron Sapp not only because of his dedication to

his community, but also for his military service as an Air Force

veteran.
But no true biography of Ron would be complete without a

chapter on Mr. Sapp--the teacher.