In his opening remarks, the Secretary of State left out one crucial detail: the truth is that the last Government did legislate with cross-party support to prevent people like Gerry Adams from receiving taxpayer-funded compensation.
The High Court in Northern Ireland ruled that that was incompatible with the European convention on human rights, and the Conservative Government then appealed that judgment.
When the Labour party came to power last summer, it dropped that appeal.
Will the Secretary of State please set out why the Government decided to drop that appeal?
As I told the House a moment ago, the courts found that clauses 46 and 47 were unlawful.
Although the Northern Ireland Court of Appeal was not obviously asked to rule on that, because we had withdrawn the appeal, it did comment unfavourably on those provisions.
We supported clauses 46 and 47 at the time, but they have not worked, and that is why we have to find an alternative way forward.
I just say to the House that the main issue here is the Carltona principle, which the last Government argued meant it was lawful for junior Ministers to sign ICOs.
The amendment to try to deal with that failed, and we need to find another way of reaffirming that principle.
That is at the heart of this case.
The whole House will have heard the Secretary of State not give a reason why the Government did not continue the appeal.
Government lawyers told the last Government that there were grounds for appeal.
Policy Exchange, in a report in January written by Professor Richard Ekins and Sir Stephen Laws, said that the High Court had almost certainly been “mistaken” in its judgment and that there were strong grounds for an appeal.
Why did the Government drop it, and why have the Government not yet brought forward their own legislation to clear this mess up once and for all?
The Supreme Court judgment was in 2020, and the last Government could not find a legal solution in almost three years.
I am committed to finding one, and I promise that I will update the House when we have found it.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on funding for an addiction treatment centre in Derry, in the context of the New Decade, New Approach agreement, published on 9 January 2020.
With New Decade, New Approach, the UK Government committed to make funding available for a range of projects aimed at supporting community and reconciliation initiatives.
My officials regularly discuss these commitments with their devolved counterparts.
On addiction services, it is now for the Northern Ireland Department of Health to consider how best to use this funding and bring forward a business case to the Government on that basis.
The people of Derry were made a promise during the NDNA negotiations.
I remember, because I negotiated that particular part of it.
They were promised that the Northlands addiction treatment centre would be given £1 million for the development of a brand-new addiction centre.
The Northlands organisation has saved countless lives in Derry, but it has now been told by the Department of Health in Stormont that its core funding has been cut, and that the promised money is not guaranteed.
Does the Minister agree that the Department of Health is in no position to undermine an international agreement?
The hon.
Member is a powerful advocate for his constituents, for the Northlands centre, and for the need for services to tackle the scourge of addictions.
I join him in recognising the need for support for people with addictions, but given that this matter is devolved, it is now up to the Department for Health to present a business plan, based on its review of addiction services, for the services that will provide the best support for the most people.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of economic growth in Northern Ireland.
Economic growth is this Government’s priority, and our industrial strategy is central to that.
It will be published in June, and will support the Executive’s plans for growth.
The latest figures from the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency show that Northern Ireland experienced stronger growth than the United Kingdom as a whole last year.
Northern Ireland has a long and proud history of advanced engineering industries.
What discussions has my right hon.
Friend had with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that companies such as Spirit AeroSystems have access to the Government’s increased investment in defence?
I am sure that my hon.
Friend, and the whole House, welcomes the recently announced increase in defence expenditure.
Northern Ireland has a strong and significant defence sector, and Spirit is part of that.
The Secretary of State for Defence has made it very clear that he wants the increased expenditure to result in more jobs and more orders for British companies.
Economic growth will be supported by physical connectivity.
One example is the new Grand Central station in Belfast, where there is some controversy over Irish language signage.
The Secretary of State has commented that there are “so many more important things” in which to be involved, but, setting that view to one side, can he confirm that if there were no Executive at Stormont, he, as Secretary of State, would be in a position to make decisions on that and other equally important issues?
The new Grand Central station is a magnificent piece of infrastructure, and I recommend any Members who have not yet had a chance to visit it to do so.
I am not contemplating for one second that there will not be an Executive in place.
Perhaps the single most important contribution that the Executive can make to continued economic growth in Northern Ireland is to stay in place and give confidence to those whom we are all working hard to encourage to come and invest in Northern Ireland’s economic future.
I regularly receive representations from businesses, some of our biggest employers, who are frustrated by the apprenticeship levy.
They pay in like businesses in Britain, but cannot access the fund to reinvest in skills and fix our broken skills pipeline.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is merit in devolving this to the Assembly as part of a package of measures to encourage the Executive to take responsibility and control, to be ambitious for the local economy, and to drive growth?
There is a great deal that the Executive can do to help promote economic growth.
I have just given one example, and investing in and supporting the development of skills is another.
Northern Ireland has the lowest unemployment in the United Kingdom, but it also has a higher rate of worklessness, and getting more people back into work and giving them the skills that will enable them to take part in the economy will help to boost growth.
Economic growth has been severely damaged as a result of the Northern Ireland protocol and the Windsor framework.
The new EU arrangement will enable animals and food to travel unfettered between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.
Why was manufacturing not included in that arrangement, and when will the customs process be removed?
The agreement on the application of sanitary and phytosanitary measures that was reached with the European Union on Monday is extremely significant.
As the hon.
Member will know, it has been widely welcomed by businesses throughout Northern Ireland, including supermarkets, retailers and farmers, because of the assistance it will give in getting rid of many of the elements associated with the SPS arrangement.
It is the fruition of this Government’s determination, when we came into office, to negotiate a closer relationship with the EU, which is exactly what we have done.