It is sad to say that sometimes there is a lack of voice for business.
Although one does not want every single sector to be represented in this place, the compensatory mechanism for that involves consultation and diligent impact assessments.
In introducing legislation, this Government have been serially criticised for the way that they have casually discarded such measures, and the Treasury maths simply do not add up.
I think it goes wider than that across the top of Government, because Members on both sides of this House are grappling with what to do about people who are long-term unemployed.
If we make it more likely that companies will not take a risk on getting someone back into work while increasing unemployment  at the same time, we will create a toxic concoction at a time that we are trying to get people back into jobs because we know that that is better for the economy and better for them, their health and their family.
Does my hon.
Friend agree?
I do indeed agree.
We ought to confront how we have got here—I acknowledge that it has happened over a period of time—with so many young people unable to work, get an education or be in productive training.
That is a headwind on the economy, and a moral failure of us all.
The question that we should confront ourselves with is this: what are we doing each and every day in this place to give opportunities to 1 million young people and the 9 million others of working age who remain stubbornly on welfare, while improving our public finances and making the maximum use of the wonderful resources, education and skills of the British people, so that we can grow our economy and be the prosperous nation that we once again deserve to be?
My hon.
Friend talks about the message of this Government, and just last week I spoke to a first-generation immigrant, who talked about the message for entrepreneurs in this country.
She said, “If you can’t hand on more to the next generation through your own hard work, what’s the point?”
She is right, isn’t she?
She is right, and that is one of the chilling headwinds that anyone who wants to grow the economy, and anyone who serves in the wonderful Department for Business and Trade or our Treasury, should confront.
We should be going back to officials and challenging exactly that.
How can we achieve a culture vibe shift on growth and entrepreneurship?
That is the best contribution that we could all make.
May I just take my hon.
Friend back to what he was saying a moment ago about opportunities for young people?
I recently met hair and beauty salons in my constituency.
As he knows, they have historically been the most amazing employers of apprentices and have given such wonderful chances to young people.
I was worried to hear that the rate at which they are taking on apprentices is dropping off.
By 2027, there will be no apprentices left in the sector.
It is not just hair and beauty saying that; other sectors in my constituency, such as adult social care and early years education, are saying the same.
Is he as worried as I am about the lack of opportunities for our younger generation?
Yes, I am enormously worried.
We have to understand and make the connection that it is only the private sector that truly creates sustainable jobs.
We need people to work in our wonderful public services, but ultimately growth and opportunities come from the expansion of the private sector, which is most encapsulated by female-led businesses, such as those in the hair and beauty sector.
They often survive on small margins, deal with lots of different pieces of regulation, and try to keep our high streets and communities alive—as well as performing, I suspect, rather a better service for my hon.
Friend than for me and some other colleagues.
It is a valuable and vital industry.
We ought to ram this point home so that the Minister understands.
Before he stands up, he has plenty of time to think this through and provide us with a sensible answer, rather than something that is off the cuff, so here is a note of warning.
This morning, I attended an event run by one of the national clearing banks, which is putting a huge amount of effort into trying to create, and helping its customers to create, opportunities for young people.
The bank has come up with a raft of good ideas, but every single one of them—this point was made very clearly—will hit the roadblock of the Government’s employment legislation.
Where is the sense in that?
If my hon.
Friend does not have the answer, the Minister no doubt will have.
Let us hope that the Minister does indeed have an answer.
I am somebody who always travels optimistically, and though we have sparred on the important subject of the 300-page, 120,000-word Employment Rights Bill, it is never too late.
That Bill is undergoing scrutiny in the other House as we speak, and the Opposition would welcome and support the Government’s shelving it until we have dealt with the cacophony of headwinds that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  talked about earlier, including the changes to the tax system and other changes; the damage that has already been inflicted on the economy; the headwinds on costs that we saw this morning, with inflation 75% higher than the Bank of England’s target rate, which will mean that interest rates are higher for longer; and the failure to reform business rates.
There is an opportunity to revisit bringing forward specific proposals on employment to enduringly reduce business rates, if the Government feel a burning desire to do so.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  is quite right: would it not be good if the Minister could use the ample time that we have this afternoon to consult, and to bring forward some sensible answers that will give us all confidence that we are going to see a Government who are properly on the side of business?
Does the shadow Secretary of State agree that the cumulative effect of all the Government’s measures over the past 12 months—a £25 billion jobs tax, the £5 billion burden of the Employment Rights Bill, the removal of business property relief, which is reducing the incentive to be an entrepreneur—will be to drive unemployment higher?
Of course, I agree with my hon.
Friend, but it does not actually matter what I or others think, because the reality is that the data does not lie.
As of now, we have 100,000 fewer people on payroll than we did 12 months ago, so the data is already telling us about the cumulative chilling effect of those measures.
That is perhaps unintended.
We learn today that the Chancellor and the Deputy Prime Minister are at odds, and perhaps the Business Secretary is the third leg on that stool, with each of them bringing forward measures that are enormously damaging to business.
They are perhaps not adding up the sums and seeing eye to eye to understand the lived experience of what it is like to be a business on the receiving end of all of those changes, cumulatively and all at the same time.
Many businesses will, from the start of April this year, not only face a payroll increase of around 10%—in an economy without such a level of topline growth, so that hits margins directly—but, because of the failure of the Government to maintain business rates relief at anything like the same level for our retail, hospitality and leisure, have seen their business rates double.
Imagine that all hitting a business on  1 April  this year.
I was a little startled to be described as sitting on the “other Government Bench”, but perhaps that is the shape of things to come—who knows?
I do not have my crystal ball with me.
There has been a predictably negative barrage from the Opposition, which does not surprise me because that is how we work in this place, but thinking of businesses, there are businesses that from this year will get better in my constituency and, indeed, in that of  the hon.
Member for Angus and Perthshire Glens (Dave Doogan) .
I am talking about the seed potato industry.
We have been crying out to get the best Scottish seed potatoes into European markets, and I therefore do thank the Government.
It means a lot to farmers, and I have had very positive comments about it.
I am being absolutely fair-minded about that.
I am enormously glad, and we should be balanced, that we have found something that goes the other way.
I am not sure if one can subsist entirely on a seed potato—it may have been tried historically, and not with enormous success—but I congratulate the hon.
Member on the success of his seed potato industry.