As we have just heard, since last we met in this place for Northern Ireland questions, we have had the announcement of the UK-EU SPS agreement.
That comes as a great reassurance to many Northern Irish agrifood retailers, but the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce and Industry has cautioned that key trade barriers remain, particularly around broader regulatory divergence across supply chains and ongoing customs issues under the Windsor framework.
In the Secretary of State’s opinion, how will the latest arrangements ease east-west trade in practice?
What specific customs reform does he intend  to pursue to further cut red tape and unlock the full potential of dual-market access and latent economic growth in Northern Ireland?
On customs, in addition to the SPS deal, the significantly reduced Windsor framework customs arrangements, introduced on  1 May , will of course remain in place, because the UK is not in the EU customs union and we have no intention of joining it.
It is clear from the text of the agreement what will be removed and that customs information will remain for SPS goods, but we are working hard to make life easier and introduced changes on  1 May .
Reducing the number of lines of information that need to be provided from 75 to 21 is a very good example of how we are working with the EU to make it easier for goods to flow.
What steps he is taking to ensure adequate legal protections for veterans who served in Northern Ireland during the troubles.
The veterans who served in Operation Banner did so with distinction in very difficult circumstances, and ultimately helped to bring about the peace that Northern Ireland now enjoys.
We owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
Together with the Defence Secretary and Minister for Veterans, I am currently considering measures for our legacy legislation to ensure better protections for elderly veterans.
Seven hundred and twenty-two of our soldiers were killed by paramilitary murderers during the troubles.
Not one of those deaths will be revisited.
Because of the current circumstances, however, hundreds of brave men—who, as the Secretary of State says, served their country with honour, patriotism and integrity—face a sword of Damocles of politically motivated trials hanging over them.
I can think of no better example of two-tier justice.
Whatever the Government do, they have to take that away, and do so in a way that cannot be circumvented by clever, politically motivated lawyers.
Will he give the House an undertaking that he will do that?
I agree with what the former Defence Secretary said in 2019.
He said: “The British Army uphold British values, which is the rule of law, and that’s what we stand for.”
I advise the right hon.
Gentleman to be a little bit careful about using the phrase “politically motivated” prosecutions—I hope I have correctly quoted him.
Let us be clear: decisions about any prosecutions, in any cases, are taken by the independent Public Prosecution Service, which is entirely separate from the Executive.