What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the US-UK economic prosperity deal on Northern Ireland.
The trade deal with the USA, together with the agreements with the EU and India, are very significant.
Northern Ireland exporters, including those exporting services, technology and farming goods, will benefit in the same way as those in other parts of the UK.
In particular, the US deal is a major opportunity for Northern Ireland farmers to sell their high-quality beef to a US market of over 300 million people.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his answer, but there seem to be wildly different interpretations of what the deal means for Northern Ireland.
Will he clarify what it means for imports and exports in the light of the impact of EU tariffs?
Was that explicitly discussed at the EU-UK summit?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point out that EU retaliatory tariffs directed at the USA would have an impact in Northern Ireland, because of its dual-market access.
I can write to him with further details of how precisely that would work.
It depends partly on whether there is less or more than a 3% difference between the tariff in the EU and the tariff that applies in the UK.
What steps he has taken to strengthen the Union between Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The Union between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, which we will discuss next month at the East-West Council, remains strong.
The deal with the EU will enable the smooth flow of agrifood and plants within the UK’s internal market.
That is why it has been overwhelmingly welcomed by businesses.
In referring to the deal with the EU, what the Secretary of State ignores, of course, is that Northern Ireland continues to be under a foreign customs code, which means that there are still customs checks on all goods, including agriculture goods, moving within the United Kingdom.
Ideologically and personally, is he committed to the Union?
I am not asking if he is committed to the consent principle; any separatist can accept that.
Is he personally and ideologically a Unionist?
The Government and I support the Union, and I also support the Good Friday agreement.
I point out to the hon.
and learned Gentleman that when it comes to customs arrangements, there are no mandatory checks.
There are checks that apply generally on the basis of risk and intelligence.
What steps he is taking to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
The Government have begun the process of repealing and replacing the previous Government’s legacy Act.
The draft remedial order in Parliament represents the first step.
The Government will address the other issues arising from several court findings of incompatibility in primary legislation.
I listened carefully to the answers the Secretary of State gave just now to the shadow Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , and to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis) .
The Secretary of State must understand the severe anxiety, particularly for our veterans, caused by not having a timescale on this matter.
Will he at least commit to putting in place a deadline?
Will he also take seriously the findings of the Policy Exchange report?
I listen carefully to all the representations that are made to me, including in that report, which I have read.
I am committed to introducing legislation as soon as possible, although that is subject to the availability of parliamentary time.
This Government came into office absolutely committed to remedying the absolute failure of the Legacy Act passed by the previous Government.