I beg to move, That this House regrets that unemployment is rising and causing misery for young people in particular, that this Government has displayed a negligible understanding of business and that investors and entrepreneurs are being driven overseas; further regrets that over 200,000 businesses have closed since Labour took office, as a result of the Government’s policies to raise employers’ National Insurance contributions, in breach of the Labour Party manifesto commitment, to scrap Business Property Relief, to impose £4.5 billion of additional costs on businesses through the Employment Rights Bill and increases to business rates; and calls on the Government to urgently change course to support jobseekers, small and medium-sized enterprises, family businesses and entrepreneurs who take risks to create wealth and jobs that benefit people across the country.
Allow me to paint a picture.
A small business owner navigates the early morning darkness to their high street shop.
They twist the keys and lift the shutters.
They turn on the lights, the card machine, the heater and the shop music.
They open the door in time for their first customer of the day, putting to the back of their mind the question of how to meet the rising costs placed on them by this Government—the taxes they have to pay before they open that door and the unreformed business rates, with many more than doubling.
How will they pay the jobs tax on their staff?
How will they ever keep their business intact when they seek to pass it to their children after they have gone?
Not one single person around the Cabinet table truly understands those pressures, yet this Labour Government have crossed the road to start a fight with Britain’s businesses.
When it comes to business, the Government have broken every one of their promises.
Members on the Government Benches looked business owners in the eye at the election and told them that they would be on their side, but it took barely 100 days for this Labour Government to revert to type.
At the autumn Budget, the Chancellor slapped a £25 billion jobs tax on business, meaning that employers will have to pay an additional £900 a year for an employee on the median wage, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
Only a few weeks later, the Business Secretary tabled the now 300-page, trade union-dictated Employment Rights Bill, drowning employers in red tape.
Helen Dickinson, the CEO of the British Retail Consortium, said that businesses are “left with little choice but to increase prices”— as we have seen today—“or to reduce investment.”
The CEO of UKHospitality, Kate Nicholls, said that these measures “will simply force businesses to cut jobs, freeze recruitment, cancel planned investment, reduce trading hours and, in the worst-case scenario, close their doors for good.”
rose— I will give way.
My hon.
Friend is so popular.
I am interested by how he is starting this debate, because it chimes with what I am hearing in my constituency, where venues such as pubs, restaurants and cafes, which are such a vital part of the effort to regenerate our high streets and local community spaces, are seeing their margins slashed because of the cost of labour and the increase in business rates.
Does he agree that Labour’s jobs tax and the ending of business rates relief is putting the regeneration of our town centres and community spaces at risk?
How tragic is it that from Gosport to Gloucester and everywhere between, businesses on our high streets are closing?
This Government do not understand that.
If they do understand, they do not care, and if they care, they have not acted.
The message from this Government to anyone willing to put their capital, time and energy on the line by taking risk to create wealth as a business owner is abundantly clear.
Exactly to that point, is it not a shame that for the first time ever since records began in 2012, the number of new businesses registered at Companies House has fallen?
The exact risk-taking behaviour that we need to grow the economy is not taking place; is that not a damning indictment of what this Government are doing?
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
I believe that all of us come to this House to try to do our best and to grow the economy, but any Government faced with that terrible metric about the failure rate and formation rate of businesses would be acting immediately, with haste, and reversing so many of the measures.
The choices this Government have made have delivered precisely the outcome my hon.
Friend describes.
Pubs are the lifeblood of communities, particularly in rural constituencies such as mine in Broadland and Fakenham.
People could perhaps make an argument for individual tax rises, but it is the combination of three in particular that are hitting pubs so badly.
It is the increase in the minimum wage—the Government are very good at increasing prices for everyone else, but not themselves—as well as the removal of business rates relief for hospitality and leisure, and the rise in national insurance contributions for employers.
The latter point is not so much about the overall percentage rise, but the reduction in the threshold from £9,200 to £5,000, which particularly impacts those who employ part-time staff and those on low wages.
It is a triple whammy on pubs.
Is that why so many are closing across the country?
My hon.
Friend makes exactly the right point about that triple whammy, and about the cumulative effect of changes and the consequences—potentially unintended—that manifest themselves most acutely in industries such as UK hospitality and retail, which have the great virtue, among many others, of contributing to the character of the places in which we live and giving so many young people their first step on the ladder of opportunity and their first experience of  work.
Without those businesses, it will be inexorably harder for young people.
That is one reason that it is of such great concern that the number of people employed on payrolls under this Government has already fallen by 100,000, with a faster rate of decline in the first quarter of this year.
This Government are perfectly positioned to achieve the unbroken track record of every Labour Government in modern history of leaving office with unemployment higher than when they started.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that another factor that will undermine job creation and employment under this Government is their approach to international wealth coming into this country?
When other countries, such as the US, are granting golden visas, we are closing the door with these ideologically-driven non-dom reforms, which will not even raise any money.
If the Government want to increase job opportunities, they should take the chance at the next Budget to reverse that foolhardy policy.
My right hon.
Friend is exactly right.
He will correct me if I am wrong, but as I understand it, one millionaire is leaving our wonderful country every 45 minutes.
That is to say nothing of a generation of young people who are yet to have their opportunity.
How tragic it would be to think that young people see greater opportunity—notwithstanding their birthright of being born in this wonderful country—in other parts of the world than is present on their doorstep, in their communities and in the heart of their families.
It has to be said that this Government’s combination of actions are sending a clear and regrettable message to those who seek to create wealth: “Don’t bother.
Don’t even try.”
This socialist Government do not want people to succeed.
There could be no better example of that than the vindictive family business and family farm death tax, which will carve up successful businesses as and when they are handed down to the next generation.
Why do we think this vindictive policy exists?
One of the more benign interpretations, to be charitable, is simply the dearth of business experience in the Labour Cabinet.
It has to be said, though, that the Cabinet members are world-class in their understanding of, and potential avarice in relation to, trade unions.
Perhaps that is why the Secretary of State, who has not deigned to be here with us today, is currently undertaking the most expensive work experience placement in history at taxpayers’ expense at British Steel in Scunthorpe.
It is not just that this Government do not understand the mechanics of business; they do not understand and value the principle of business.
Running or investing in a business at its core is a profound act of human courage—the triumph of optimism over inertia, and a mindset of someone solving problems themselves rather than waiting for permission from others.
It is about embracing risk knowing that there are no guarantees, no bail-outs and that no one is coming to the rescue.
When enterprise succeeds, such people create the wealth that funds our public services.
Every time a Minister dispenses money and largesse in Whitehall, as this Government are doing at record velocity, they can do so only because a founder, an  entrepreneur, or a businessman or businesswoman, took that leap.
It should be the Government’s job to get out of their way and to help the business builders, not the blockers, but this Labour Government understand none of that.
Instead of leaving business to get on and flourish, they have erected a blockade of bureaucracy and taxes that they promised would never come.
They have declared war on employers across this land from the ramparts of Westminster.
My hon.
Friend will know that business confidence has plummeted since Labour came to power.
Does he agree that one of the reasons it has plummeted is the loss of faith in this Government?
Businesses were promised that their plans were fully costed and fully funded in advance and there would be no increased business taxes, but within 90 days the Government went back on that.
How can business ever trust this Government again?
My hon.
Friend, who is himself a very distinguished and successful businessman, knows exactly the importance of that intangible quality of confidence that the Government have your back and you will not wake up in the morning and be hit with a £25 billion jobs tax—on which subject there was not one word, not one syllable, in the Labour party manifesto.
We toured the studios jousting with Labour Members and issuing warnings, but we were met with a repeated barrage of denials in respect of their £25 billion jobs tax.
[Interruption.]
The Ministers are chuntering, and there is probably a fair amount of chuntering to do if they have to explain an inability to balance the public finances along with an attempt to do so by means of a set of vindictive and arithmetically incorrect taxes on business.
We can move on from tax.
That is just one of the many barrages faced by businesses that are sapping confidence and producing some of the very worrying statistics that we are seeing.
We could, for instance, move on to the “Unemployment Rights Bill”, which is an egregious example of red tape and state intervention and overreach.
At this point Labour Members are normally uncharacteristically quiet, because they are aided and abetted to the tune of £31 million by the trade unions.
The Bill shackles the hands of employers in pubs, bars, garden centres, grocery stores, butchers, hairdressers —businesses rooted deep in our communities—with little clarity and no lead-in time.
Seasonal work could be made impossible by the Bill.
It is certain that compliance costs will rocket.
There will be long delays for employment tribunal hearings; in some parts of the country, the wait for a hearing is already approaching 18 months.
Even according to the Government’s own estimate, on top of every other measure, there will be a headwind cost for business of an unwanted £5 billion a year.
You have talked about the risk of seasonal jobs being lost as a consequence of the Employment Rights Bill.
In my constituency it is a serious risk, as a number of businesses have told me.
Would you say that the Minister should withdraw the Bill, or, at the very least, conduct a proper assessment of its impact?
Order.
May I point out, to prevent any further errors, that the term “you” is not used in the Chamber, because it refers to me, in the Chair?
Hopefully no one else will make the same mistake.
No one would believe, Madam Deputy Speaker, that you would implement such terrible measures without a proper impact assessment.
More significant, however, is the fact that we have heard not just the voice of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton (Alison Griffiths) , representing those important seasonal industries, but the voice of employers across the country, who have pointed out that it will no longer be possible for seasonable and flexible work to deliver the economy that we need.
The problem with the Employment Rights Bill is not only its implied cost and the red tape it will introduce, but the fact that it is a poor piece of legislation in the first place.
The Government’s own regulatory independent commission has said that eight of the 23 criteria are not fit for purpose.
Does my hon.
Friend not agree that if the Bill is to proceed, it should be reworked?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
If Labour Members were honest enough to do so, they would admit that the Bill is a rushed piece of legislation.
It was introduced because of an arbitrary promise to do so within 100 days, and it was introduced at half its current length, which means that 50% of the words that it now contains—the red tape that our businesses will have to implement and wrestle with for years to come—did not even benefit from scrutiny in this place.
Many of the powers in the Bill are not fleshed out or clarified.
We will wreak great havoc and uncertainty on business if the Government are determined to proceed.
It would be far better for them to shelve the Bill, to listen, to learn and then to come back so that we could use the proper mechanisms of this House to do our jobs for all our constituents to avoid the unintended consequences and the damage that I do not believe anyone would want.
In that spirit of listening and learning, I have been speaking to businesses in my constituency this week, and the chambers of commerce have signalled that the trade deal is a new start for British business because it is reducing red tape, giving certainty to businesses and allowing them to trade and do well, in my constituency and elsewhere.
Do you think they are wrong?
Order.
“Do you think they are wrong?”
We have a long afternoon ahead of us—even longer for me in the Chair.
One has to celebrate small mercies, and I am delighted by the hon.
Gentleman’s conversion to the cause of free trade.
Free trade is what has lifted billions of people in the world out of poverty.
It has made us the great country that we are today.
The business in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency that has formed such a clear view has obviously benefited from considerably more detail than the House, so perhaps he will share its name.
We would be very happy to hear about the details of the trade agreement that has been reached.
Perhaps, in having that conversation with his local business, the hon.
Gentleman would like to engage in a discussion about its views on the Employment Rights Bill.
Despite legion opportunities that I, and others, have given Ministers to name a single business that is in favour of all the measures in the Bill, answer still comes there none.
May I tell my hon.
Friend why I think  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes)  is wrong?
Since the very inception of our negotiations to join what was then the common market—now the European Union—it has attached huge importance to fishing.
We have just handed over the enormous leverage of an annual negotiation, and for what?
Absolutely nothing.
Andrew Griffith, match that passion!
I hesitate to stray into the matter of fishing, which I suspect we will debate many times in the future, but I note that those on the other Government Benches next to us tabled an amendment, which has not been selected for debate but which seeks to shackle our small businesses further by having us reverse across a much broader range of topics than the pass that the Government already sold earlier this week, so that we become a taker of rules from Brussels, and our small businesses, entrepreneurs and founders are crushed by the red tape that would originate there.
Fishing is one sector, but there is a clause in the Employment Rights Bill that affects all businesses.
At this point I should draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as a former entrepreneur who has employed well over 1,000 people in my time.
The problem is that if day one employment rights are imposed for any hire, it will be a massive disincentive for businesses to take a chance and take on people who are more vulnerable: the young and the less well qualified.
Why would a business take that chance if it risked being hauled up over day one employment rights?
Once again, my hon.
Friend has demonstrated his deep and real knowledge of business, having himself, in a past life, employed more than 1,000 people.
One rather suspects that taking that risk, having that responsibility and shouldering that burden, moral and financial, is greater than the entire aggregate responsibility of Labour Members for hiring anyone.
My hon.
Friend has made the right point about who will end up on the receiving end of the higher unemployment.
It will be the young, looking for their first opportunities, and it will be excluded and vulnerable groups on whom a benign employer would today take a chance—but not if that chance is likely to lead immediately to being at the back of an 18-month-long queue for an employment tribunal hearing.
The point made by  the hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  was about day one rights, but that right is to stop unfair dismissal from day one.
Is it now the policy of the Conservative party to allow for unfair dismissal between the first and second days?
If  the shadow Minister is unhappy with that being a right from day one, presumably he is unhappy for people to have that right at all.
I am afraid that to make those points is to misconstrue wilfully what is actually in the Bill.
We have a very settled and balanced position of employment rights that dates back to before previous Labour Governments as well as the Government in office before the election.
It strikes what will always be a difficult balance between offering employees the chance to enter the workforce and the ability of businesses, and of the public sector and others, to hire and to operate in a way that is profitable.
It does nobody any favours to think that we can, merely by passing words of statute, change the outcomes in a way that advantages the most vulnerable, who are the youngest employees.
The failure to learn from that point will once again lead to exactly the same outcome, which is why every Labour Government have left office with unemployment higher than where it started.
In his response, the Minister may wish to confirm that this time will be different and perhaps lay out exactly why it will be different, but he has a job of work to convince us and, more importantly, every employer in the land that that is the case.
The shadow Minister takes a casual swipe at the business acumen of Ministers, and I wonder whether I can encourage him to develop that point.
When I speak to businesses in Angus and Perthshire Glens about the changes that have been instituted since July last year, they are incredulous that anybody with even a passing knowledge of business, enterprise or entrepreneurialism of any nature would put such roadblocks in the way of business and wealth creation.
Would he like to expand on that?