The Prime Minister will know that thriving high streets are essential to local growth, but in cities such as mine, people are increasingly concerned by the uncontrolled growth of betting shops and vape stores.
Research shows that that concern is not isolated.
Nearly half of betting shops and gambling stores are in the 20% of places that are struggling the most, such as Peterborough.
Will the Prime Minister ask his Departments to meet me and campaigners so that we can discuss ways that local communities such as mine can take back control of our high streets?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for his constituents.
We are committed to supporting our nation’s high streets to adapt and thrive.
Planning applications are required for any new betting office to ensure that locals have a say on individual cases and that communities can use the planning system to allow for a change of use of their properties.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that he has asked for.
On Friday, the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee published its report on the Government’s vision for agriculture.
The Committee agrees with the  Government that land purchase being used to shelter wealth from inheritance tax is a problem that needs to be tackled.
As a cross-party Committee with a Government majority, however, we took the unanimous view that the Government’s current proposals for inheritance tax reform will catch too many family farms that will simply not be able to pay the bill.
We ask for the changes to be paused and reworked.
Will the Prime Minister listen to the Select Committee and those on his own Benches who want to tackle tax evasion and support the farmers who keep producing food for the nation’s table?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows the very limited impact of the inheritance tax, only on farmers at a very high level.
He will also know the record amount of money in the Budget that we put into farming and the measures taken yesterday with the EU deal, which will massively help farmers who sell their product into the EU market.
The  Wrexham, Shropshire and Midlands Railway is on track to link north Wales and my Shrewsbury constituency directly to London, with five trains daily, strengthening cross-border travel and fuelling this Government’s mission to drive economic growth.
With 15 Members from constituencies along the route already on board, will the Prime Minister support our journey and urge the Office of Rail and Road to give WSMR’s open access application the green signal?
Our plan for change will see the railways reformed to deliver more reliable and better value services for passengers right across the country.
My hon.
Friend has been a champion for better railways and easier journeys for her constituents.
Open access operators have huge potential to offer passengers more choice.
I will be delighted to ensure that she and other interested MPs meet the Rail Minister to put their case forward.
I think I am right in saying that the Prime Minister might be a lawyer, trained to review evidence and reach judgment.
When he looks at the effects of his decisions—cutting the winter fuel payment and making pensioners poorer, damaging businesses with the jobs tax, decimating rural communities with the family farm tax and risking our food security by selling off our fishing waters—surely he can review the evidence and see the verdict.
Will the Prime Minister throw those damaging policies out of his court once and for all, before they do any more harm?
The evidence is certainly coming in: the highest growth in the G7; four interest rate cuts in a row; and trade deals with countries across the world that want to do deals with this country because they can see the stability that this Government have brought about.
Instability with the Conservatives; stability and growth with this Labour Government.
It is National Epilepsy Week and we are joined in the Public Gallery by England rugby player Tommy Freeman, who was diagnosed with epilepsy at 19 but who, through effective treatment, has gone on to be  selected for the British and Irish Lions.
I hope the Prime Minister will join me in congratulating him on that great achievement.
For a third of epilepsy sufferers, however, seizures cannot be controlled by medication, as in the case of my constituent Ben Lacey, who suffers multiple seizures every single day.
Ben will never be able to work, yet he has been subject to the stress and uncertainty of multiple PIP reassessments.
Will the Prime Minister reaffirm his commitment to ensuring that people such as Ben, who have lifelong conditions and who cannot work, will be protected from those damaging reassessments and given the support they need to live with dignity?
May I begin by congratulating Tommy and everyone selected to represent the British and Irish Lions?
It is an incredible achievement and we will be cheering them on.
It is important that we protect those with severe disabilities or lifelong health conditions who cannot work, paying them a premium and stopping those reassessments, which is part of the reform that we are bringing about.
Ultimately, we also need to get back to face-to-face assessments by trained assessors and health professionals, which fell to only one in 10 assessments under the previous Government.
This Prime Minister keeps telling his gullible Back Benchers that he has deported 24,000 people from this country since he came into power, but he will not say who these people are.
It is my guess that they are people who came on work visas or students and that they were simply overstayers, but I am willing to be proved wrong if he can answer one simple question: how many of these people that he has deported are failed asylum seekers that have come on small boats or on the back of lorries?
Answer the question!
I am very proud that we have removed over 24,000 people: the highest record for nearly 10 years.
We are taking other measures to get back control of our borders, including the Borders Bill, which gives our law enforcement enhanced powers, including terrorism-like powers.
What did the hon.
Member’s party do?
What did he do?
He voted against them, and I will tell you why: they do not want to fix this problem, because it benefits them not to fix it.
Party before country.
It is very good that the hon.
Member is standing in for  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  today.
There was no sign of him yesterday at the EU summit.
He was the first through the e-gates to somewhere in the south of France:
Nice work if you can get it!