It was extraordinary listening to that last answer from the Prime Minister.
Inflation was 2% when the Conservatives left office; it is now nearly double that.
When will he recognise that it is Labour’s Budget that is driving up inflation?
What the right hon.
Lady forgot to say was that inflation rose to more than 11% on the Conservatives’ watch, and she did not say a word.
I am confident that those numbers will come down; the Bank of England is confident that they will come down, too, which is why we have seen four interest rate cuts in a row.
I notice that the right hon.
Lady cannot resist grabbing any opportunity to talk the country down.
She does not mention the growth figures, the interest rate figures, the record investment, wages being up more than prices, the 200,000 jobs created or the three trade deals.
The reason is that the Conservatives have not learned and they have not changed.
As George Osborne said, the Leader of the Opposition does not have a credible economic plan.
That is laughable from the Prime Minister.
He knows that inflation was brought down by us to 2%—bang on target.
We were reacting to a war in Ukraine that brought inflation up all over Europe.
While he is doing trade deals with countries such as the US and India, their inflation is going down, but it is going up here.
Why?
The Office for National Statistics says that the inflation figures are driven by significant increases in household bills.
We warned him repeatedly that this is exactly what would happen—what his policies would do.
We called it “awful April”.
The Prime Minister came into office saying that he would tackle the cost of living crisis.
He has failed.
He has not got a clue, has he?
The right hon.
Lady talks of the Conservatives’ record.
There was the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget; inflation was through the roof; there was a £22 billion black hole; living standards were at an all-time low; energy prices went through the roof; and mortgages went through the roof.
We are taking measures to bring prices down.
The EU deal will bring prices down; that is why supermarkets have welcomed it.
What does she do?
She opposes measures to bring prices down.