The Secretary of State will know that, as part of a Northern Ireland Affairs Committee inquiry, we have been engaging with victims across Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom to assist them in their quest for some personal closure, truth and justice on legacy.
Veterans, like many other victims, have indicated to us that while they are listened to, they have not been heard.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that he intends to announce his proposals on legacy in parallel with the Irish Government before the summer recess?
I will inform the House of proposals in due course.
I am in discussions with the Irish Government, and that is well known publicly.
The reason the legacy Act resulted in so much trouble and difficulty, and produced so much incompatibility with our international obligations, is that the last Government, having negotiated the Stormont House agreement with the parties and the Irish Government, decided to perform a 180° turn and put in legislation that did not command support in Northern Ireland.
I want to make progress on this as quickly as possible, and I am continuing to talk to all the parties about doing so.
I caution the Secretary of State that he should be adhering to the three-stranded approach, and where it is appropriate to talk to the Irish Government, it should be within that context.
He should not be subjugating our responsibilities on legacy, but he should not be letting the Irish Government get away with their obfuscation on this issue either.
One of the most startling things the Committee experienced last week was a victim who asked us collectively whether we were aware of Government plans to secure a ceasefire from dissident republicans that, in return, would lead to the release of dissident republican prisoners.
Can I ask the Secretary of State, in all good conscience, to recognise that dissident republicans are a cancer in Northern Ireland, and more of them should be in jail?
Will he rule out the suggestion that was brought to us as a Committee?
I can say directly to the right hon.
Gentleman: there are no such plans.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on lessons learned from the Good Friday agreement.
The Good Friday agreement has brought peace, security and a better life to the people of Northern Ireland.
It remains an unparalleled achievement almost 30 years on from its signing, and I pay tribute to all those involved in its creation for their political courage, bravery and willingness to compromise.
I recently visited the west bank and the Occupied Palestinian Territories with  the hon.
Member for St Ives (Andrew George) .
There we saw a systematic process of one community being taken over by another, with the Israeli Government building walls and fences to protect the settler community.
The Secretary of State is of course aware of the great results Mo Mowlam achieved in securing peace in Northern Ireland following a process of engagement with both sides—a process that resulted in walls and fences being broken down, and a mutual respect and a common peace being achieved.
Will the Government commit to using the lessons of Mo Mowlam and the Northern Ireland peace process to help secure a lasting peace in the middle east?
I share with the hon.
Member and the whole House a wish to see lasting peace in the middle east, and what is happening at the moment is appalling and intolerable.
However, I think the most important lesson from the Good Friday agreement was the courageous political leadership shown by the parties to the conflict—people such as John Hume and David Trimble—and I have to say that, tragically, that same courageous political leadership is absent in the middle east.
What steps he is taking to support the Northern Ireland Executive in tackling violence against women and girls.
Rates of violence against women and girls are higher in Northern Ireland than anywhere else in the UK.
This Government are committed to working with the Executive to tackle this emergency, and I have met and supported many politicians and organisations across Northern Ireland that are doing just that.
The Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , and I recently met the Northern Ireland TEO—The Executive Office—and Justice Ministers in Belfast to discuss working closely together, including on online safety and support for frontline organisations.
The strategy for tackling violence against women and girls must challenge the attitudes that enable it.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with stakeholders across Northern Ireland to support these campaign efforts?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend about tackling attitudes.
I have met and I am supporting many groups, and I will highlight two that I have visited.
The excellent Foyle Family Justice Centre in Derry/Londonderry supports victims, and the St Joseph’s Boys’ school in Creggan is doing fantastic work, with the support of White Ribbon NI, through the shaping mindsets programme, which tackles toxic masculinity head-on in the school.