What I said before was that the economy is beginning to improve, but people are still feeling the pressure.
That is why we are taking the measures we are taking and striking the trade deals we are striking.
As it improves, I want people to feel the benefit of the measures we are taking.
That is why I want to ensure that more pensioners are eligible for the winter fuel allowance.
It is important, as Members would expect, that we are clear that we can afford the decision we are making.
That is why this will now be looked at in a fiscal event.
I think that I welcome what the Prime Minister has said, but we will look at the details.
I hope that he will use some of these new proceeds to help others, like carers.
The Government’s changes to the personal independence payment will have big consequences for family carers like Ginny, who cares for her husband Tim, who has myotonic dystrophy.
Ginny holds her husband’s hand to keep him steady as he walks.
He falls frequently and chokes on his food.
Ginny is the sole earner in the family—she works part time on top of caring for Tim—but she has calculated that under the Government’s cuts her family will lose £12,000 a year.
Will the Prime Minister tell Ginny and many family carers like her what he expects them to do?
We have approached this on the basis of the principle that we must support those who need support.
On the question of getting people into work, we should support people into work where they can work—and of course, where they can work, they should—but it is undeniable that the current arrangements do not work and need to be reformed.
That is why we are bringing forward necessary reform to ensure that the system works better.
Yesterday in this place, I read the victim impact statement that Cheryl Korbel never got to say to her daughter’s killer Thomas Cashman, because he refused to face her in court.
I am made up that Olivia’s law passed Second Reading, but until it gets Royal Assent criminals can still not show up, denying victims justice.
Will the Prime Minister commit to making sure that Olivia’s law becomes law as fast as possible?