The Prime Minister needs to stop whining about what the last Government did and look at what he is doing.
He is the Prime Minister.
Look at the numbers this morning.
As if inflation figures were not bad enough, we have also learned that the Deputy Prime Minister is on manoeuvres.
The Prime Minister has lost control of the economy and he has lost control of his Cabinet.
The Deputy Prime Minister is sitting there staring at me.
She knew exactly what she was doing when she briefed the papers.
She is demanding eight new tax rises—as if we have not suffered enough.
People out there are struggling.
Businesses are struggling.
People are losing their jobs.
We cannot have more tax rises.
Will the Prime Minister rule out new tax rises this year?
The right hon.
Lady has not learned or changed.
The Conservatives lost the election because of their appalling record on the NHS, on health, on prisons—you name it.
Now she accuses everyone of whining about the impact that had on the country.
It had a huge impact on working people across the country and they are absolutely right to complain about it.
She wants to talk about the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Deputy Prime Minister, working with the Chancellor, is building 1.5 million new homes, reforming our planning system, putting £7 billion into our economy, and bringing forward an Employment Rights Bill, which will be the single biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
That is desperate stuff.
The whole House will have heard the Prime Minister refuse to rule out new tax rises.
The whole House heard it: he did not rule them out.
There is open warfare in his Cabinet.
The Deputy Prime Minister is clearly calling the shots.
What have we learned?
We are heading for new tax rises.
We know that inflation is up.
It is just more and more bad news from a Prime Minister who has lost control.
We heard the Prime Minister’s earlier answer on winter fuel.
Let us try to get some more information.
I shall ask him a simple question.
It requires only one word: yes or no.
Is he planning to U-turn on winter fuel cuts?
I made it clear in my earlier answer that as the economy improves, we want to take measures that will impact people’s lives, so we will look at the threshold, but that will have to be part of a fiscal event.
The Conservatives lost control of every element of the economy, of prisons, of borders, of the NHS—you name it—and now she has lost control of her party.
The Conservatives are sliding into oblivion.
They will have to trade on their past, because that is all they have.
I made it really easy for the Prime Minister.
It was a simple question—yes or no—and he could not answer it.
I wonder how the public feel about a man who cannot give a straight answer to a simple question.
Look at the MPs behind him—they are all cheering.
When this inevitable U-turn on winter fuel comes, and it will, from a desperate Prime Minister, what will he say to the 348 MPs who went over the top and voted for the winter fuel cut last September?
Just like the British public, how can any of them ever trust him again?
It is only because of the measures that we have taken that the economy is improving, with growth at the highest rate in the G7, four interest rate cuts, and three trade deals, because countries want to trade with us.
Those things are because of the decisions that we have made, and all those decisions were opposed by Conservative Members.
They have learned absolutely nothing and they are going absolutely nowhere.
This is a Prime Minister who says he is taking measures, but the jobs tax is killing jobs, inflation is up, and business confidence is down.
Everyone is worried.
He promised to cut bills, but today we see that they are rising because of his policies.
He promised  not to raise taxes on working people, but his jobs tax means that people are losing their jobs.
Every week, we come here with a new company that says it is shedding jobs, and that is on his watch.
He promised to protect pensioners, but his winter fuel cut has driven thousands into hardship.
His MPs hate this—he cannot see them, but they all look sick just hearing what it he is going to do.
[Interruption.]
They are laughing—[Interruption.]
Order.
I expect better from Whips, and to Boyzone at the back, I have my eye on you.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
Which one of you wants to leave first?
[Interruption.]
There we are, we have the first volunteer.
Are you going to behave?
I call the Leader of the Opposition to respond.
His MPs are laughing, just as they laughed at the Budget.
Hands up who here wanted winter fuel cuts?
Not a single one of them.
The fact is, this Prime Minister is destroying them.
They need to look at what they are doing to the country.
The truth is, and we all know it, that it is this Prime Minister, this Labour Government and their policies that are shafting the country, is it not?
They look in pretty good form to me, and there are lots of them.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about business confidence.
I did not have time yesterday to read out all the businesses that have come out in support of our EU deal, and I do not have time today—it is a long list.
I went immediately to Lidl and spoke to the staff there.
They are delighted with the deal we put forward yesterday.
Business like the work we are doing, and it is giving them confidence in the EU deal, but the right hon.
Lady is opposed to each and every measure.
I recently visited Barrow Hill primary school in my constituency—a school in receipt of a new free breakfast club.
The team there are doing a fantastic job, but challenges remain.
What more can we do as a Government to support both them and local parents to give the children of Barrow Hill the start in life that they deserve?