Rapes at knifepoint are at a record high this year.
The number of cases has more than doubled since 2015.
I am currently supporting a case of a woman violently raped using weapons, and the detective on the case told me that he is the only detective in his team working on serious sexual violence.
The Police Foundation describes the current number of detectives as a “chronic shortage”, highlighting a staggering 7,000 vacancies.
Is it any wonder that there has been a 60% drop in the overall proportion of crimes being charged since 2015, including almost 1 million violent crimes and 36,000 rapes?
The Labour party has proposed requiring all police forces to have a scheme that directly recruits detectives with relevant professional backgrounds, so what are the Government doing about this chronic shortage of detectives and the abysmal charge rate that they preside over?
The rape charge rate is a serious matter, and Operation Soteria Bluestone, which the hon.
Lady will be familiar with, has been rolled out around the country under the supervision of the safeguarding Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derbyshire Dales (Miss Dines) .
In the forces that adopted that measure early, rape charge rates dramatically increased by two to three times.
As that rolls out around the country, those charge rates will increase, but we would like to go further.
On the question of specialist trained officers, now that we have record numbers of officers across England and Wales as a whole, we will be targeting individual forces with training and recruiting a specified number of specialist officers to make sure that those people are in place to properly investigate these issues, because we want to do a lot more in this area.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the adequacy of compensation for police officers injured in the course of their duties.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the adequacy of compensation for police officers injured in the course of their duties.
The police injury benefit scheme provides ongoing and one-off payments to former police officers who have been injured or disabled in the line of duty.
I was recently shocked to discover that police officers are entitled to official compensation only if they are injured while taking an exceptional risk, and a risk is considered exceptional only if it would not  normally be expected.
That sounds strange, does it not?
With more than 40,000 assaults against police in the past year, and many officers ineligible for injury compensation because of that rule, does the Home Secretary agree that these guidelines effectively normalise violence against police and must be changed?
We certainly do not want to see violence against police normalised.
That is why we legislated to double the maximum sentence for assaults against emergency workers just a year or two ago.
My understanding is that the payments under the police injury benefit scheme can go up to 85% of salary, but since the hon.
Lady has raised the point, I will take a look at it.
Over recent years, a number of police officers have tragically died in the line of duty, and I acknowledge the service of PC Nicola Hughes, PC Fiona Bone and Sergeant Graham Saville.
Labour has supported calls for a posthumous medal for fallen officers.
Why will the Minister not do the right thing and acknowledge those who gave their lives to keep us safe?
We do acknowledge that, and it may well be that posthumous awards are made.
We obviously do not comment on individual cases and potential awards prior to their being made, but if I say that I strongly sympathise with what the hon.
Lady just said, I think she will understand what I mean.
What steps she is taking to reduce crime.
What steps she is taking to reduce crime.
Our communities are safer than in 2010, with overall crime on a like-for-like basis down by 54%.
We have put 20,000 more police officers on our streets—a record number—which is enabling us to take action across the board to bring more offenders to justice, to better protect victims and to equip our police with the powers they need to prevent crimes.
The fall in crime is welcome, but does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that the police would deter and solve even more crimes, such as burglaries, the use of quad bikes and general antisocial behaviour in places such as Hatfield, Doncaster, Rossington and Thorne in my constituency, if they started putting more bobbies on the beat and stopped promoting unscientific ideologies?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
We pay the police to fight crime.
Whether that is to focus on the antisocial behaviour, the nuisance bikers or the burglaries he mentioned, they are there to keep people safe.
We do not pay them to wave flags at parades, to dance with drag queens or to campaign.
That is why I finally ended all association with Stonewall at the Home Office and why I expect all police and crime commissioners and chief constables to focus on cutting crime and rebuilding confidence, not playing politics.