I used to live in Wigan in the north-west of England, and I am very disappointed for my family and friends who are still there that this project is not going ahead—disappointed, like the people in Swansea are disappointed that the electrification never got to Swansea.
HS2 is an England-only project, so will the Minister stop talking down the Welsh Labour Government and give us what we  are due?
I do not need to talk down the Welsh Labour Government; they do it themselves.
They talk down Wales constantly.
They have introduced 20 mph speed limits costing tens of millions of pounds a year to the local economy.
They are doing no road building—no M4, no Llanymynech bypass, nothing invested in the road network.
The Welsh Labour Government have been in office for 25 years.
They are not even delivering a “get around for £2” bus fare like we are doing in England.
HS2 is already being built in Buckinghamshire, unfortunately, and it is no exaggeration to say that it is a blight on the lives of my constituents in Aylesbury.
Just last Saturday, residents in Walton Court told me that HS2’s contractors are now working well outside their contracted hours.
Normally, we would think that was a good thing, but it is causing massive disruption, especially from noise.
Will the Minister make it abundantly clear to HS2 Ltd and its contractors that they must comply with the agreements they have made and minimise the harm and distress they are causing?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for his constituents.
I will certainly take the message back to HS2 Ltd and, if necessary, arrange a further  meeting between him and the rail Minister to discuss the matter.
For over a decade, I have been highlighting in this House how the Welsh taxpayer is being fleeced as a result of HS2.
The spurious response I receive from Ministers is that north Wales will be linked via Crewe.
Considering that it is highly unlikely that the line will  make it north of Birmingham, is it not time for the British Government to ensure that Wales receives its fair funding for phase 1 of HS2?
I just point out to the hon.
Member that I think Welsh taxpayers will feel fleeced by the Welsh Labour Government, with the longest waiting lists in the country, no new road schemes and falling school standards right across the board.
When it comes to it, the UK Government deliver better value for the Welsh taxpayer than the Plaid/Labour Welsh Government.
Of course it is right that we discuss investment in our rail network in the north and the midlands, but we also have to have a discussion about East Anglia.
Time and again, Ely North junction and Haughley junction have been deprioritised.
Both those projects would cost a fraction of the cost of HS2 but deliver transformative benefits to the east of England.
Will the Minister have discussions with his colleagues and the Treasury to see how we can get those two key projects back at the top of the agenda?
I certainly will.
I was delighted to be in East Anglia just last week at the opening of the new A11 road, where there has been £65 million of investment, and I have been delighted to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency on multiple occasions, including to see the investment that is going into his local bus network.
I will certainly pass on his representations on behalf of his constituents regarding Ely junction.
We had great news a while ago when the Government said they would scrap the 2b arm of HS2, which would have devastated hundreds of homes across Rother Valley in Bramley, Wales and Aston, but many of those homes are still under safeguarding measures, meaning their owners are stuck in limbo.
I know that the Government still want high-speed trains through the area, but the only financially viable way of HS2 getting to Leeds is by using existing track.
Why is it taking so long to release the land when everyone knows and accepts that we will not be building a new track through Rother Valley to Leeds?
Will the Minister release the safeguarding and release people’s homes?
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue multiple times with the rail Minister.
I will certainly take it back to the Department and discuss what can be done.
My hon.
Friend has received a number of challenging questions from Opposition Members about Barnett consequentials for HS2.
Is he aware that the Leader of the Opposition does not support Barnett consequentials for HS2?