The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure an adequate standard of accommodation for refugees and asylum seekers.
The asylum accommodation support contracts ensure the provision of safe, habitable, fit-for-purpose and correctly equipped accommodation for destitute asylum seekers.
The contracts also require compliance with the law, local authority licensing and best practice guidance.
We have been working with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to minimise the potential impact on homelessness, and have agreed an asylum placement funding for local authorities.
We hear the Government talking about £6 million per day being wasted on hotels, but we do not hear about the billions being forked out on private companies such as Serco and Clearsprings Ready Homes, both of which have seen scores of complaints, including about unsanitary conditions, a lack of safeguarding, and sexual abuse.
Does the Home Secretary think that it is appropriate to entrust those companies with taxpayers’ money to run asylum accommodation in hotels and former Ministry of Defence sites?
The safety and wellbeing of asylum seekers in our care is of paramount importance at the Home Office.
We expect high standards from all our providers, and we have robust governance frameworks in place to manage the service delivery of asylum accommodation.
What we definitely do not do, and do not propose to do, is willingly accept thousands more illegal migrants into the UK from the EU, housed presumably in more hotels across the country, as Labour is proposing.
I campaigned for Brexit to take back control of our borders, not for Labour to surrender our sovereignty to the EU.
One of the justifications for using service accommodation such as RAF Scampton was that it was supposed to be cheaper, but we now know the figures: it is more expensive over two years, and over three years the savings are absolutely derisory.
The figures are, frankly, being fiddled by overcapitalising the value of the base, and are not based on surveys.
The Home Secretary’s officials are now ripping out services.
The council has issued a stop order on it.
I give notice that I will report the Home Office to the Comptroller and Auditor General for misapplying and wasting public money, because using the base will cost more than hotels.
The base is Crown land, so the local authority cannot enter it.
Does she accept that she would be acting illegally and is liable to be sued if her officials disobey the stop order?
I have had several discussions with my right hon.
Friend about the proposed asylum accommodation at Scampton.
I thank him for his very energetic campaigning on behalf of his constituents.
I very much appreciate the challenges that this nationwide mission poses for us all.
I do not agree with his assessment; we have assessed the proposal at Scampton to be value for money.
Ultimately, it is not right that we continue to house tens of thousands of migrants in hotels, in towns and cities across the country, costing the taxpayer £6 million a day.
That is why our work to roll out large sites is moving swiftly, and we propose to move asylum seekers on to them as soon as possible.