My hon.
Friend is quite right that we are looking to tighten the law.
The Offensive Weapons Act 2019 contains a loophole, essentially, which means zombie knives without threatening writing on the blade are not illegal.
We are going to close that loophole.
I agree with him that stop and search is a vital tactic to keep our streets safe when used, of course, respectfully.
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner tells me that about 400 knives are taken off the streets every month using stop and search in London alone, so it is an important power.
I also agree with my hon.
Friend’s second point.
The use of scanning technology has the huge potential to enable officers to scan people for knives at a distance  without having to physically stop them and search them manually.
The technology is not ready to deploy just yet, but I hope it will be in the relatively near future.
In 2021, two police officers were attacked with machetes in West Bromwich town centre.
In the same year, a 19-year-old boy was stabbed and killed in Great Barr.
In 2022, a teenager from my constituency was stabbed on his way to college in Birmingham.
While the Minister said we have already banned the sale of zombie knives, that has not stopped people purchasing these dangerous weapons, so I thank the Government for taking the next steps to close the loophole.
Will this change be brought forward as soon as possible?
The change certainly will happen as soon as possible.
Some of it requires primary legislation, but other elements require secondary legislation, and we are definitely going to do that as soon as we can.
As for the sale of these knives, once the Online Safety Bill passes Parliament—I hope very soon—the sale of these knives via online marketplaces such as Facebook Marketplace and Amazon will also be prohibited, addressing my hon.
Friend’s point about sales.
We absolutely do need to get a grip on knife crime, which is up by 70% since 2015 alone.
Is the Minister content with the fact that only 5% of crimes of violence against the person actually make it to court?
If he is not, what is he doing about it?
On the crime statistics, the Crime Survey of England and Wales is the only long-term data series endorsed by the Office for National Statistics.
Since the hon.
Gentleman asked about data, since 2010—just to pick a date arbitrarily—violence is down by 46%.
That is to say, violent crimes were double under the last Labour Government compared with now.
Knife-enabled crime was 7% lower in the latest year compared with the year ending December 2019, according to police recorded crime.
But we would like to do more, hence the “Grip” hotspot patrols, hence criminalising these remaining zombie knives.
To actually answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question, I want that figure for prosecutions be higher, and that is why the Home Secretary and I, together with policing leads, the College of Policing and the National Police Chiefs’ Council, announced two or three weeks ago that the police are now committing to always follow all reasonable lines of inquiry where they exist.
Order.
I love the full answers, but I am really struggling to get even part-way down the Order Paper.
I draw the Minister’s attention to the sad fact that most MPs have had the tragedy of knife crime in our constituencies.
We had a dreadful incident in Huddersfield.
Is it not time that we understand more the culture that produces it?
This is about the way in which young people communicate on the internet and the fact that we no longer have many youth clubs or youth services.
We used to have wonderful police going into schools to talk about these issues.
Can we have that back?
I will try to be brief.
We have violence reduction units designed to provide those activities.
We are also funding research.
We have a social media hub in the Met police that monitors social media—it is based in Lambeth, and I have been to it.
The things that the hon.
Gentleman asks for are being done, because it is essential that we tackle knife crime.