I was very pleased to join my hon.
Friend in Southend, and to meet her chief constable and the office of the PCC.
She is right that the success of Operation Union has helped to drive down ASB, but there is more to do to tackle the ASB that blights communities.
That is why I am pleased that her force, Essex, has the most police officers ever and is doing very well with its progress on the hotspot policing pilot.
My hon.
Friend talks about drugs.
Part of our plan on ASB is to expand drug testing on arrest, so that police can now test for more substances, class B and C, when they arrest someone on suspicion of drug possession.
Unfortunately, there are instances of antisocial behaviour in the centre of Keighley—mostly around the bus station, but of course there are other hotspot areas.
The police and the local community are having to deal with this issue on an ongoing basis.
I am very pleased that the Government made extra resources available to our West Yorkshire police via the antisocial  behaviour action plan, but will the Home Secretary join me in urging our Labour West Yorkshire Mayor, who is responsible for setting local police strategy and our crime reduction action plan in Keighley, to be more laser-focused on antisocial behaviour, so that we can all ensure that the issue is tackled once and for all?
I urge the PCC to take heed of my hon.
Friend’s warning and advice.
The Government, through our safer streets fund, have awarded the South Yorkshire police area over £4 million in recent years—funding that has gone towards tackling ASB and reducing crime.
It is up to the PCCs to apply in the next round for funding to put forward projects that can have a focus on reducing crime, protecting victims and securing safety for communities.
On occasion, people using Wrexham bus station have been subject to antisocial behaviour perpetrated by a small band of disaffected youths.
I would like to compliment Inspector Luke Hughes and the Wrexham city police team for their appropriate use of dispersal orders.
Will the Home Secretary join me in praising North Wales police, despite being slowed down to 20 mph by the Welsh Labour Government, for their pragmatic and no-nonsense approach to upholding public safety?
I am afraid the litany of ridiculous policy announcements by Labour is reaching record levels.
I mean, we only have to look at the last two days.
A period of silence from the Labour party would be welcome.
The 20 mph zone is ridiculous.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Dispersal orders are a regrettable but necessary power that the police have at their disposal.
We are going even further with our antisocial behaviour action plan by expanding police powers such as public space protection orders and community protection notices, enabling the police to take rapid and effective action to disperse people and to stop nuisance and criminal antisocial behaviour.
Over the summer, I have spoken to many people in Leyland who, although we have managed to get the police station reopened, are still reporting problems involving antisocial behaviour in Broadfield, Worden and Seven Stars.
I have been out with the local bobbies, who are benefiting from the Government’s police uplift, to see what is being done to tackle those problems.
Operation Centurion—our police and crime commissioner’s attempt to use money seized from criminals to boost local policing temporarily in order to address antisocial behaviour—is about to hit Leyland, but does the Home Secretary agree that we need a whole-agency approach, and that councils should use the powers at their disposal to issue community protection notices and work with the police to end this blight on the people of Leyland?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend has been able to work closely with her excellent police and crime commissioner, Andrew Snowden, who is another example of effective leadership at the police force in Lancashire and whom I have had the pleasure of meeting.
It is also good that Lancashire is one of the pilot areas for hotspot policing: it is currently delivering 2,000 hours a month of additional patrolling in antisocial  behaviour hotpot areas, and that is set to increase.
However, I urge the Labour council to listen to my hon.
Friend’s sensible words and ask the police and local authorities to use all the powers at their disposal to tackle antisocial behaviour through, for instance, public space protection orders and community protection notices.
Constituents, including pupils at Lliswerry High School, constantly raise with me the antisocial and dangerous use of e-scooters and e-bikes.
I held a debate on this last December, but little has happened since, and legislation needs to catch up with the growth in their sales.
Will the Home Secretary talk to Ministers at the Department for Transport to see what can be done to address the problem?
The behaviour of nuisance riders, or boy racers—whatever we want to call them—is antisocial behaviour plain and simple.
It is criminal, it can be harassing, it can bring fear to communities, and it can cause criminal damage.
The police, working with local authorities, have the necessary powers to end these problems, and forces around the country have organised pilots that have led to success.
I encourage the hon.
Lady’s local police force to look at the good practice that is currently taking place around the country.
Let us get this exactly right: over the next four years, police numbers in Scotland are due to fall by 2,000.
The highlands and islands police chief has said that “something has to give.”
I had thought that Barnett consequentials would lead to an increase in Scotland’s police numbers rather than a decrease.
When it comes to antisocial behaviour, what a grim message this is for some of the most vulnerable in society.
Unfortunately—it is incredibly tragic—the Scottish National party’s obsession with separatism has led to the highest number of alcohol and drug-related deaths in Europe on their watch.
Falling police numbers in Scotland when numbers are rising in England and Wales—that is what the SNP brings us, and only good government from the Conservatives can stop crime and protect victims.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the number of small boats transporting irregular migrants across the English channel.
We remain determined to stop the boats and deter people from making these dangerous journeys to the UK, and we are making progress.
We have by no means reached the finishing line, but the number of arrivals is 20% down, the legacy backlog has nearly halved, and the number of Albanian arrivals has fallen by 90% this year.
While Labour proposes to take thousands of illegal migrants from the EU every single year, letting Brussels decide who comes here, we are determined to stop the boats with our Rwanda plan and our Illegal Migration Act 2023, which Labour opposed.
A hotel in my constituency is housing illegal migrants.
They receive local NHS dentistry services and hospital access, and, of course, their living costs are met.
Constituents write to me pointing out that they do not have access to all those services.
What can my right hon.
and learned Friend tell them about how soon the use of hotels for illegal migrants will end?
It is totally unacceptable that too many towns and cities around the country now house the 45,000 asylum seekers who are in hotels, costing the British taxpayer £6 million a day.
That is why we are standing up large sites and vessels around the country.
We are also maximising the use of hotels, so that we can open fewer hotels.
It is not right that the British taxpayer is forking out the cost.
What we are not doing is the ridiculous plan set out by Labour Members.
They are either grotesquely naive about the problem or they have a betrayal plan to rejoin the EU.
After all, most of them wanted a second referendum.
Either way, we can all see it for what it is: a plan for open borders, unlimited migration and rejoining the European Union.
It is the same old Labour on the wrong side of the argument.