The Home Secretary seeks to paint a rosy picture on crime.
In reality, retail crime is, as described by the Co-op, “out of control”, and with 10,000 fewer neighbourhood police and police community support officers, that is no surprise.
Across all retailers, there are more than 850 acts of violence or abuse every single day.
The Co-op also reports that even when it detains someone suspected to have committed a crime, 80% of the time it has to let them go again because the police are stretched too thinly to come and make the arrest.
When will the Home Secretary drop this pretence that things are going well and actually stand up for our shop workers?
We take these matters incredibly seriously.
That is why my right hon.
Friend the Policing Minister met the Co-op and other major retailers recently to discuss this issue in detail.
Shoplifting and retail theft have become a challenge for retailers and our community, which is not right.
That is why, a few weeks ago, we made a nationwide commitment whereby all police forces have agreed to follow every reasonable line of inquiry.
That will mean that CCTV footage, online evidence of resale and other actionable evidence will be followed up by the police, leading the investigations and justice process.
What recent guidance she has issued to the police on apprehending illegal motorcyclists.
The illegal use of motorcycles can cause distress and be dangerous to the public.
The police have all the powers they need to police that, and such use of motorcycles is illegal.
The College of Policing’s authorised professional practice provides advice to the operationally independent chief constables, whom I urge to use their powers to the full.
Dangerous motorcyclists are out of control in my area.
We have had one death and one life-threatening injury.
We now have six year olds riding pillion on motorbikes, and people doing wheelies down roads, pavements and amenity areas, with not a helmet in sight.
My police tell me that they need urgent guidance on safeguarding officers who try to apprehend them, and an urgent review of section 59 of the Police Reform Act 2022 on the requirement that officers be present in uniform at the time of offending.
Would the Minister get on to those specific issues, please?
I would be happy to look into those specific issues.
The police have powers to pursue, even where the motorcycle rider is not wearing a helmet.
We had similar issues with mopeds in London four or five years ago.
For a time, the police did not pursue them, and moped crime shot through the roof.
They now pursue them, and it has gone back down.
I urge Bedfordshire police to use those powers, but I will certainly look into the questions that my hon.
Friend has raised.
What recent guidance her Department has issued to the police on upholding the rights of children in custody.
Children should be detained only when necessary, and must be provided with an appropriate adult.
The College of Policing provides operational guidance for police, and the concordat on children in custody supports police and local authorities to meet their statutory responsibilities.
HM inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services also sets expectations for the treatment of children in custody.
When a child is arrested, they must choose if they wish receive legal advice, just like an adult.
But children are not adults, and no one should expect a child aged 10 or above to decide whether to exercise their right to a solicitor.
Will the Minister explain why the Government believe that children should be forced to make such a decision?
I remind the hon.
Lady that children are involved in crime.
Children detained in police custody must have an appropriate adult—statistics shows that that happens in 99% of cases—who can be of assistance.
I want that to be 100%.
Police custody remains a core part of the criminal justice system.
It is critical for maintaining police confidence, bringing offenders to justice and keeping the public safe.
We must ensure that adults do not abuse children and are not attracted to making children get involved in criminal activity because the police are too scared to put them into custody if necessary.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of introducing a substance misuse harm reduction model to tackle acquisitive crime.
We have not had any specific discussions on that, but we have a 10-year drug strategy, which includes spending an extra £582 million over three years on 55,000 extra treatment places.
We want to treat people who are addicted, particularly to opioids, to get them off drugs and fully recovered.
A large number of people are being exploited into criminal activity, whether through drug gangs or acquisitive crime.
They need help and support from the state.
Will the Minister look at how to put a harm reduction model in place for those individuals, rather than criminalising them, so that they can get the support they need to change the direction of their lives?
There is a twin-track approach.
There is a comprehensive effort to ensure more addicted people get treatment, being diverted to it from police custody, from the court system and when they leave prison.
As I say, there is an extra £582 million over three years.
We are in the second of those three years at the moment.
But enforcement, particularly against drug gangs and organised criminal gangs, is important at the border and in the case of county lines.
It is a twin-track approach: enforcement, together with treatment.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
On  27 March , the Government announced the antisocial behaviour action plan, backed by £160 million of new funding.
Police and crime commissioners are being supported to increase hotspot policing and to run immediate justice pilots.
In July, we announced round 5 of the safer streets funding to deliver a range of ASB and crime-prevention measures.