OpenDemocracy recently revealed the extent of self-harm and suicide in immigration removal centres—in particular, Harmondsworth and Colnbrook, where 24 self-harm incidents occurred in March, which is more than over the three previous months combined.
Emma Ginn, director of Medical Justice, has said: “We are not confident that the Home Office considers the value of the lives of those in its care in detention as fully human.”
What is the Home Secretary doing to ensure that those in Home Office immigration removal centres do not face such desperate circumstances that they seek to take their own lives?
As I said, the safety of all of those in our care is a priority for the Home Office, and the standard of habitation—whether that is in our asylum accommodation estate more broadly, or specifically in our immigration removal centres—is one that always, as far as the law requires, meets high standards.
Those standards are rigorously scrutinised and monitored, and those who have concerns have avenues to make complaints via the migrant helpline.
What steps she is taking to increase police resources.
What steps she is taking to increase police resources.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in sending our very sincere condolences to the family of Sergeant Graham Saville, who a week or two ago so tragically lost his life in the line of duty, saving another in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.
He made the ultimate sacrifice, and we are grateful to him.
To answer my hon.
Friends’ questions, total police funding this year stands at £17.2 billion, a record level.
Frontline policing received an extra £550 million this year compared with last year, and I am pleased to report once again that we have a record number of police officers across England and Wales: 149,566, which is 3,500 more than we ever had under the last Labour Government.
As always, the devil is in the detail.
In Durham, we see funding pressure on both police and fire services, which is not helped by our local tax base being so low: we have A to C in most regions.
The fire  service has a coherent—albeit very challenged—programme, but the Labour police and crime commissioner knew 10 years ago that Newton Aycliffe police station was going to be moved away from the fire station, and she is still scrambling around.
Does the Minister agree that good plans help cost-effective delivery, and will he meet me to discuss funding and programme delivery for the police and fire services in Durham that cover my Sedgefield constituency?
Does he also agree that electing Robert Potts, the Conservative candidate for the next PCC elections in May, would be a far better outcome for the police in Durham?
I will certainly meet with my hon.
Friend, and yes, I do agree.
I am very disappointed to hear what he has to say about his Labour PCC’s performance, which contrasts with what Conservative PCCs have done.
Only today, PCC Donna Jones in Hampshire announced that she would be opening 10 new police counters, an example of what happens when we have sound Conservative policies in operation.
My right hon.
Friend will recall his recent visit to Uxbridge.
Will he join me in calling for the Mayor of London to guarantee the future of Uxbridge police station as fully operational, including a full custody suite and a 24/7 front counter for my constituents?