The Minister said that the Government are hugely investing in the north.
For Hull, the decade of northern powerhouse saw a privately financed scheme to electrify our railways blocked by Ministers in 2016 and, in the  Government’s 2021 integrated rail plan, blocked for the next 30 years.
Funding apparently was needed for Northern Powerhouse Rail and HS2, which are now being cut.
Levelling up is not just about being nice to northerners; it is about boosting an essential part of the UK economy.
Am I right in thinking that in these ever-shrinking plans we are just seeing the economics of mismanaged decline and an inbuilt vicious circle of stagnation under this Government that is affecting the north?
I remember using Northern Rail under the last Labour Government, which had a zero investment strategy for the railway network in the entire north of England.
This Government have already delivered more than 1,200 miles of electrification, 20 times what the right hon.
Lady’s party did when they were in government.
She should also look at the huge amount of investment we have put into bus networks right across the country, including in Yorkshire, over the past few months.
May I remind the House, journalists and the Chairman of the Transport Committee that the area under discussion is beyond phase 1?
It does not end in Birmingham—it goes beyond Birmingham and then joins the west coast main line at a place called Handsacre, just by Lichfield.
If HS2 is abandoned at that point, high-speed trains can still run down from Manchester and join the high-speed line at Handsacre.
Does that not make good economic sense?
Will the Minister please pass that on to the Treasury?
My hon.
Friend is quite right; that is exactly what would happen in that scenario.
I will pass on the point he makes to the Treasury.
HS2 has just applied for planning permission for works to enable Old Oak Common station to serve as a temporary terminus.
“Temporary” previously meant the 2040s, but now it means forever.
The works proposed block the eastern access to the station—just one example of a total lack of coordination.
Will the Minister commission a report on the implications for HS2 of Old Oak Common’s being the London terminus?
Old Oak Common itself will deliver regeneration of 1,600 acres of London, delivering more than 40,000 homes and supporting 65,000 jobs in outer London.
The Government will continue to update the House if anything else changes with HS2.
In order to unlock economic growth and power up northern productivity, our region must have improved connectivity, both to our capital and through a Northern Powerhouse Rail connecting our cities across the North.
Our country will only be truly levelled up with our connected northern region reaching its full potential.
Uncertainty around phase 2 is unhelpful.
I urge my hon.
Friend to consider the importance of northern infrastructure commitments to businesses across the region.
As a northerner myself, I certainly take note of my hon.
Friend’s comments
and I am sure they will have been heard across Government as we reflect on the future.
Can the Minister tell my constituents when they will be able to board a high-speed train from Manchester to London?
As I have outlined, the Government will update the House, as we have done consistently, on HS2.
The hon.
Gentleman should reflect on what is already being delivered, with 350 construction sites already across the country and thousands of jobs.
There is a huge amount of transport investment going on, and it is not all about rail.
Greater Manchester has received more than £1 billion of city region sustainable transport settlement, which includes potential rail investment.
HS2 is behaving outrageously by not paying my Stafford constituents on time.
It is unacceptable that affected residents are paying outstanding bills on behalf of HS2—for their agents’ fees, for example—in order to have representation.
Will the Secretary of State for Transport please write to me to clarify that HS2 will treat all my residents fairly, and that we expect compensation claims to be paid in a timely manner?