National security is our overriding priority as a Government, particularly at the Home Office.
As Home Secretary, it is my job to oversee the protection of the UK from all types of threats to our national security.
As the Intelligence and Security Committee’s report has said: “The Chinese Intelligence Services target the UK and its overseas interests prolifically and aggressively.”
I will not shy away from calling out the threats from China for what they are or from making it clear that its agencies regularly engage in hostile activity towards the UK.
We are currently reviewing the countries that should go into the enhanced tier of FIRS.
There is a strong case to be made for China being put into it, but I do not want to prejudice the process by which those determinations will be made, and— Order.
We really do have a problem, don’t we?
Home Secretary, I am talking to you.
I am bothered, because these are topical questions and there are people here who want to catch my eye.
You cannot carry on making statements to every question.
Topical means topical.
We are going to be here for some while, so I hope you understand.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
On  7 March , the Home Secretary emailed Conservative supporters saying “today we’re changing our laws—and bringing the small boat crossings to an end.”
Since then, 20,000 more people have arrived.
She is not applying her own law, because it does not work.
The use of asylum hotels is up, with no date to end their use, and foreign criminal returns are down.
The independent chief inspector of borders and immigration has said: “This is no way to run a government department.”
He is right, isn’t he?
Is that why the Home Secretary is getting rid of him?
I am incredibly proud of the landmark legislation passed by this House, which was opposed by the Labour party every step of the way.
This will allow us to detain those who arrive here illegally and remove them to a safe country like Rwanda.
The point is that at least we have a policy.
I am not sure that anyone on the Labour Front Bench knows what Labour’s plan is for stopping the boats.
Shadow Ministers certainly seem to be making it up as they go along.
There were quotas and then no quotas.
The EU has made it clear that we would be expected to take thousands more migrants from the EU.
Will there be family reunion?
We already have a scheme for family reunion.
They are making it up because they do not have a plan.
I think the British people can see exactly what Labour’s plan is— Order.
I do not think the Home Secretary understands what “topical” means.
Could the Whips please explain to their Front Benchers that we have to get through the Order Paper?
You are not helping me, and I do not know why.
What the Home Secretary said is total waffle.
She has no answer on the inspector because she is afraid of scrutiny.
There was no answer on her failure, just invented garbage about Labour.
The Home Office’s immigration director, asylum director, borders director and accommodation director are all going or gone because the only people she removes are the people she needs to do the job.
There has been a 40% increase in the use of asylum hotels since she became Home Secretary.
When will she end the use of asylum hotels?
When will she deal with this shambles, stop the gimmicks and get a grip?
The right hon.
Lady talks about a shambles, but the last four days have been a great example of a shambles.
The EU has called her party “delusional” when it comes to its grand plan for stopping the boats.
Labour disagrees with the National Crime Agency on how to solve the problem.
The reality is that Labour is on another planet on how to stop the boats.
It is not based in reality, it is not grappling with this challenge and it is not being honest with the British people.
Constituents and businesses are being impacted by illegal car racing and meets.
The Labour council is dragging its heels on implementing a public spaces protection order and Kent police have been working hard to tackle it, but resources are precious.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend look at how Kent police are funded?
They are having to deal with increasing activity in this area and, being so close to London, we are seeing increasing burdens from criminality.