The Government’s excuse for denying Wales our fair share of HS2 funding is that the phase 2 connection at Crewe would cut journey times between north Wales and London.
We can now only conclude that the Government are planning to scrap the phase 2 connection altogether.
Welsh taxpayers are funding this fiasco and getting nothing back.
Will the Minister admit that HS2 is an England-only railway project and that his Government owe Wales money?
I do not think the right hon.
Lady is reflecting on what the Plaid-Labour Government are currently doing in Wales: costing taxpayers billions with their ridiculous across-the-board 20 mph scheme, and not delivering for the people of Wales.
They are even banning any form of new road programme across all Wales.
It is sometimes right to ask our constituents to take local pain for national gain, but does my hon.
Friend agree that the national gain of HS2 has always been argued to result from its being a network of high-speed rail lines, not a single line?
If it is a single line, are we not in danger of the national gain being extraordinarily limited, and the local pain, including to my constituents, being extraordinarily extensive and long lasting?
A huge amount of work is already going on with HS2 at the moment, creating tens of thousands of jobs and supporting more than 1,700 apprenticeships.
There is a huge amount of benefit, right across the country, to the investment going into HS2.
I will pass on my right hon.
and learned Friend’s broader comments to Ministers in both my Department and the Treasury.
Is this not an example of a very bad national planning process?
HS2 does not link up with HS1; all the pain and disruption around Euston will have been for naught; and if it is completed as far as Birmingham, all it will do is join an already overcrowded rail network.
Surely we have either a high-speed network or nothing at all.
The Minister seems unable to answer any questions at all.
I say to the right hon.
Member that a huge amount of investment is already going into HS1, which will deliver transformation, particularly at Old Oak Common, as I have mentioned, where there will be a huge boost to economic growth in quite a deprived area of London as well as that massive investment.
I do not know whether he has been down to Curzon Street and seen the transformation happening in central Birmingham.
I would have thought that jobs, housing and general prosperity were outcomes that he would welcome.
Let me start by correcting  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh) , who said that the Prime Minister only flies over the north.
He does not; he is a regular user of the Hitachi Azuma on the east coast main line.
For rail and for HS2, it is all about capacity: we need to get capacity into the rail industry.
Certainly, in my Sedgefield constituency there was no investment in rail by my predecessors.
Whether it is HS2 or regional rail—as with the Leamside line and Ferryhill station—delivery and certainty are necessary for supply-chain businesses.
This constant change is not helpful.
Will the Minister go back to his Department and encourage certainty and clarity, whether about HS2 or Northern Powerhouse Rail?
We need certainty for everybody.