In my constituency, we have experienced a real escalation in antisocial behaviour and quite violent disorder in recent years, particularly around bonfire night.
Last year, police had to deploy 100 officers to just one area of my constituency where local communities were being terrorised.
What consideration has the Minister made of additional powers or resources for areas up and down the country that are anticipating further unacceptable disorder ahead of this year’s bonfire night?
The hon.
Lady is quite right to raise this issue.
Antisocial behaviour concerns everyone.
There are a number of powers available to local police, such as community protection notices, and to local authorities—I am thinking in particular of public space protection orders—so I strongly urge her to work with her local authority and, if she is concerned about a particular area, to put in place a public space protection order ahead of bonfire night.
Our antisocial behaviour plan envisages strengthening various antisocial behaviour powers.
As of next April, we will also be funding every single police force in the country to have antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols.
I am not sure whether her force is one of the 10 pilot areas, but every force will  have that funding from next April, and the sort of situation that she describes sounds like the ideal use for those ASB hotspot patrols.
The same shops and newsagents on Kilburn High Road in my constituency are constantly targeted by criminals, who shoplift but also intimidate staff.
When I raised the issue with the police, they said they receive 1,000 calls a day from central north London alone, limiting their ability to deal with it.
What plans does the Minister have to increase the resources to deal with this sort of crime, especially retail theft?
I strongly sympathise with those affected by shoplifting on Kilburn High Road.
I was the prospective parliamentary candidate in that constituency in 2010, and I remember walking down Kilburn High Road with Dominic Grieve when a shoplifter ran out of Poundland and straight into our arms.
It is a serious issue.
The Metropolitan police has a record number of police officers—about 35,000—and I have recently been in discussions with Amanda Blakeman, the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead, to increase patrolling in shoplifting hotspot areas and to have a more comprehensive response from the police in terms of investigation, such as always following up CCTV footage where it is available.
This is an issue not just on Kilburn High Road but around the country.
As I say, we will shortly announce further action, in partnership with police.
Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on further devolution of drugs policy to Scotland.
I have not had discussions on the devolution of drugs policy, which is of course reserved to this Parliament, but I do have regular discussions about co-operating with colleagues in the Scottish Government.
I had a discussion with the new Minister just a few weeks ago, and I think we are going to be meeting in Cardiff in just a few weeks’ time with Ministers from the three devolved Administrations to discuss how we can work constructively and collaboratively together.