Lieutenant General Sullivan, most recently the 17th Deputy

Commander of the United States Transportation Command, will officially

retire from active duty in the United States Army on 1 September 2024.
A native son of Massachusetts, and a decorated combat veteran who

served and led our Nation's finest in combat during Operations Desert

Shield, Desert Storm, Joint Forge, Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom,

General Sullivan epitomizes the consummate soldier, servant leader, and

advocate for our servicemembers and their families.
Over the course of

his exceptional career, he has successfully led at the tactical,

operational, and strategic level to defend this Nation, decisively win

our battles, and advance our most critical national objectives.
Whether

at the head of the 548th Corps Support Battalion and the 595th

Transportation Brigade, as the 27th Chief of Transportation and

Commandant of the U.S. Army Transportation School, as the Commander of

the 19th Expeditionary Sustainment Command stationed in the Republic of

Korea, as the Commander of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command

stationed in the United States Central Command theater, or as the

Deputy Commander of U.S. Transportation Command, General Sullivan

unquestionably exemplified the best the Army has to offer in its

officer corps.
While at U.S. Transportation Command, General Sullivan personally

endeavored to inform this Congress of the readiness of strategic

mobility forces critical to deploying, maneuvering, sustaining, and

redeploying the most capable military in our Nation's history.
More

importantly, he ensured that the Joint Staff, Department of Defense,

and this Congress were aligned in understanding the criticality of

recapitalizing our aging strategic sealift fleets, aerial refueling

assets, and strategic airlift fleets to sustain our competitive

advantage over potential near-peer adversaries in global power

projection.
In close partnership with the National Defense

Transportation Association, General Sullivan worked diligently to

enhance our national emergency preparedness programs so that the

Defense Transportation System remained ready and responsive to emergent

national security needs.
We all witnessed the power of these essential

relationships and capabilities in 2021, when U.S. Transportation

Command helped execute the largest noncombatant evacuation operation in

history, Operation Allies Refuge, relocating over 124,000 refugees over

a 14-day period.
In his address to Congress in 1951, General Douglas MacArthur noted

that ``old soldiers never die--they just fade away.''
Mr. Speaker, I

could not in good conscience let Lieutenant General John P. Sullivan

simply fade away

without recognizing his sustained loyalty, duty, respect, selfless

service, honor, integrity, and personal courage over 37 years of

devoted service to this great Nation.
I wish him and his family well in

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAJOR GENERAL BRET DAUGHERTY

HON.
MARILYN STRICKLAND

Ms. STRICKLAND.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major General

Bret Daugherty, who will retire at the end of this month from the

Washington National Guard, after 44 years of service protecting the

great state of Washington and our nation.
Major General Daugherty began his military service in 1980, serving

nine years on Active Duty in the Army.
After transitioning to the Army

National Guard, he rose to the rank of Adjutant General and became the

longest-serving National Guard leader in the United States.
At the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, Major General Daugherty

navigated unprecedented emergencies across the state of Washington with

diligence.
Whether he was facilitating access to vaccinations and

masks, responding to some of our state's worst natural disasters, or

ensuring the security of our national elections, he completed these

duties with unfaltering resiliency.
Major General Daugherty's accomplishments also laid the groundwork

for an improved collaborative environment that Washingtonians benefit

from today.
When I had the honor of meeting with him in 2021, I was

particularly inspired by his dedication to public service and

commitment to supporting the members of Washington's National Guard.
His mindfulness of the future of our nation, and care for the personnel

who serve it, are clear in both his words and actions.