Whereas: Detective DiGiacomo's ascent within the NYPD ranks was

marked by his diligent work in the Brooklyn South Narcotics unit, where

he rose to prominence in the Major Case Unit while concurrently

advocating for his fellow officers as a delegate for the Patrolmen's

Benevolent Association (PBA).
Whereas: Recognized for his exceptional investigative skills,

Detective DiGiacomo earned his Detective's gold shield in 1993 and

continued to excel in assignments within the Organized Crime

Investigation Division (OCID), including roles in various gun units and

narcotics task forces.
Whereas: In 1999, Detective DiGiacomo assumed the role of Sergeant-

at-Arms for the DEA, a position he held with distinction until his

promotion to Detective, second grade, by the NYPD in December 2001, in

recognition of his exemplary service in an extensive undercover

operation related to the homicide of a Queens Police Officer.
Whereas: Detective DiGiacomo's leadership within the DEA continued to

evolve as he was elected to successive positions on the Executive

Board, culminating in his appointment as President in January 2020,

where he now leads the union in navigating challenges ranging from

collective bargaining to legislative advocacy amidst a complex socio-

political landscape.
DiGiacomo spearheads all union activity, including

collective bargaining, political activities, overseeing the health and

welfare funds, the Annuity Fund, and the union's not-for-profit

charity, the DEA Widows' and Children's Fund.
The union also engages in

a wide variety of internal and external public relations ventures and

fraternal functions.
Whereas: Under Detective DiGiacomo's stewardship, the DEA remains

steadfast in its mission to protect the rights and welfare of its

members, advocating against detrimental policies such as ``bail

reform'' and spearheading initiatives like the legislation named after

Detective Brian Simonsen aimed at combating cellphone theft.
Whereas: Despite facing unprecedented challenges, including the

COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, and civil unrest, Detective

DiGiacomo remains resolute in his commitment to advancing the interests

of NYPD Detectives with unwavering solidarity and dedication.
It is with great admiration and gratitude that we recognize Detective

Paul DiGiacomo for his exceptional leadership and tireless advocacy on

behalf of the dedicated men and women of the New York Police

Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
WILLIAM R. TIMMONS, IV

Mr. TIMMONS.
Mr. Speaker, I was on the floor but was distracted and

missed the vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
254.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT GENERAL JOHN P. SULLIVAN, 37 YEARS OF ACTIVE

DUTY IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY

HON.
ADAM SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and distinct

pleasure to offer a few words in recognition of the impending

retirement of Lieutenant General John P. Sullivan, a fellow graduate of

Fordham University, after 37 years of faithful and dedicated service to

our Nation.
Lieutenant General Sullivan, most recently the 17th Deputy

Commander of the United States Transportation Command, will officially

retire from active duty in the United States Army on 1 September 2024.
A native son of Massachusetts, and a decorated combat veteran who

served and led our Nation's finest in combat during Operations Desert

Shield, Desert Storm, Joint Forge, Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom,

General Sullivan epitomizes the consummate soldier, servant leader, and

advocate for our servicemembers and their families.
Over the course of

his exceptional career, he has successfully led at the tactical,

operational, and strategic level to defend this Nation, decisively win

our battles, and advance our most critical national objectives.