In 1971, he was stationed outside of Inchon, Korea where

he served for 13 months at the Nike Herc Missile Site Staff Sergeant

Marks returned to the United States as a part of the Mobile Calvary

Unit also recognized as the ``Armored Calvary''.
Prior to his

deployment to Kaiserslautern, Germany, he was stationed at Fort

Steward, Georgia.
In 1974, Staff Sergeant Harry Marks was deployed with

the 43rd maintenance battalion and while in Germany, he was promoted

and transferred to the 34th Signal Battalion B Company where he

remained until 1981.
Following his active-duty service, Staff Sergeant Harry Marks became

a life-member of the VFW Crescent Park Post 9563 in Bellmawr, New

Jersey and served as Commander from 2018 to 2021, Staff Sergeant Harry

Marks has served as the elected Junior and Senior Vice commander of VFW

District 7 and presently serves as Commander of both District 7 and

Cresent Park Post 9563.
Staff Sergeant Harry Marks is a two-time recipient of the Good

Conduct Medal and expert Badge for M16, a recipient of the National

Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Army Service

Ribbon, and Overseas Service Ribbon

Today, he continues to support the local Vineland Veteran Hospital,

local fundraisers, and is an active participant in VFW Memorial Day,

4th of July events, and the VFW State convention.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring and commending Staff

Sergeant Harry Marks, III of the Borough of Bellmawr New Jersey, a

dedicated resident who has honorably served both his community and

country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DR.
GEORGE EVERETT BARNES

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and service of a tenacious and self-motivated leader, the late Dr.

George Everett Barnes.
Dr. Barnes showed what could be done through

hard work, dedication, and a desire to achieve success.
Dr. George Everett Barnes was born in Collins, MS, on August 10,

1941.
He was the youngest of nine siblings born to Elmer and Lora

Barnes.
During the course of his life, his parents stressed the

importance of God, family, education, and hard work.
He would find his

calling as a devoted husband, father, educator, and servant.
These

values are evidenced by the fact that all nine siblings attended and

graduated from Jackson State University.
They went on to establish the

Barnes Family Endowed Scholarship Fund to aid students majoring in

education.
Dr. Barnes graduated from Carver Central High School in Collins and

went on to advance his education at Jackson State University (BS,

Mathematics), Louisiana State University (MA, Mathematics), Mississippi

State University (EdS, Community College Education), and the University

of Southern Mississippi (PhD, Educational Administration).
He furthered

his studies at the University of Illinois and Auburn University.
While attending Jackson State University, he met his wife, Doris.
They married in June 1963 and celebrated their 61st anniversary

this year.
To this union, three children were born: Cheryl Barnes,

Gregory Barnes, and Kimberly McCants.
Dr. Barnes began his career as a mathematics teacher at Hinds

Agricultural High School in 1962.
This would begin his 51-year

professional and family life in Utica.
During his tenure, Dr. Barnes

served as an assistant basketball coach, college math instructor, Hinds

AHS Principal, and Academic Dean and Acting President of Utica Junior

College.
When he retired, he was the Vice President for the Utica and

Vicksburg-Warren Campuses and Administrative and Student Services.
Dr. Barnes loved meeting people, talking to people, and helping them

as well.
He valued knowing that he made a difference in the lives of

others and served as a positive role model for his family, friends, and

colleagues.
His interests in building humanity, specifically, were time

consuming yet fulfilling.
He worked tirelessly to build the cultural

character in the surrounding communities.
He leaves a legacy of

dedicated and committed leadership, and his work never went unnoticed.