Major General Daugherty's accomplishments also laid the groundwork

for an improved collaborative environment that Washingtonians benefit

from today.
When I had the honor of meeting with him in 2021, I was

particularly inspired by his dedication to public service and

commitment to supporting the members of Washington's National Guard.
His mindfulness of the future of our nation, and care for the personnel

who serve it, are clear in both his words and actions.
I commend Major General Daugherty on his decades of service to

Washingtonians and the Guard.
Congratulations on his retirement and may

he enjoy this next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE, DAVID CHERNACK, FOR HIS EXCELLENT

WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Constituent

Advocate, David Chernack, for his work on behalf of every constituent

in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
At the end of April, David

departed my office for a new opportunity to serve as the Immigration

Constituent Advocate in the Office of Rep. Angie Craig, and I could not

be more proud or grateful for his service.
Hailing from California, David came to Minnesota for college at the

University of Minnesota.
While in college, David got hooked on

Minnesota politics and spent time interning for Senator Amy Klobuchar

and Governor Tim Walz before graduating and joining our office.
The constituents of Minnesota's Third District were fortunate to be

served by David who always went the extra mile to help a constituent in

need.
David's ability to treat each individual as if they were his top

priority has impressed our entire office.
In under a year, he held two

job titles- Staff Assistant and Hospitality Director and most recently,

Constituent Advocate- and brought intellectual rigor, tireless

dedication, and trademark quirkiness to each role.
Our fondest memories

include his drives to random parking lots to shepherd lost constituents

to our office, lunches consisting of three variations of simple carbs

with no protein or produce in sight, and expressions of undying

gratitude when given even the smallest treat.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have his dedication and leadership, and he will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that he will continue to do this

work and serve the Nation and the people of Minnesota's Second

Congressional District.
I wish David all the best in his future

endeavors and thank him for a year of faithful service to this Nation--

and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 45TH ANNIVERSARY OF EVAPCO, INC.
IN MADERA COUNTY

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the momentous

occasion of Evapco's 45th anniversary and the significant completion of

the Sierra building expansion in 2024.
Evapco is a global industry-leading manufacturing company with global

resources and solutions for worldwide heat transfer applications, it is

employee owned, and was founded in the United Slates.
Evapco launched

its second U.S. manufacturing company in Madera, California, in 1979,

and now employs more than 234 individuals.
Evapco's expansion in Madera County has not only created more jobs in

the congressional district that I represent but is also a testament to

my constituents' dedication and hard work.
It also has bolstered

Evapco's production capabilities and will help it meet growing demand

for advanced cooling solutions in our community, the Central Valley of

California, and beyond.
My constituents enjoy working for Evapco as it follows the vision of

``one global team, united to be universally recognized as the superior

provider of a full spectrum of heat transfer solutions.''
And its

commitment to teamwork has enabled its employees--my constituents--to

excel.
It is a team their employees and customers alike can count on

for a lifetime.