Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and

congratulate Rocky's Pasties on their 100-year anniversary.
I am

extremely grateful to be able to celebrate this incredible milestone

with the Rocky's Pasties family and our community.
A small takeout food

business specializing in hand made Cornish style pastries, Rocky's has

been family owned and operated for four generations.
For the past 100

years, they have shown their dedication to delivering meals the old-

fashioned way while carrying a piece of their ancestors with them.
They

have shown their commitment to this community by preparing daily meals

from scratch, using only the freshest ingredients.
The Rocky's Pasties

friendly environment is a testament to their 100-year history.
Rocky's

Pasties has been described as an ``unexpected gem'' but if you are a

part of this community you know it is no surprise.
As we reflect on the

past 100 years at Rocky's they have exceeded the expectations and I

know they will continue to do so for the next 100 years to come.
I am

honored to have such an amazing community in the 7th congressional

district, and I look forward to what is to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASO-WEST SUBURBAN ACTION PROJECT'S 15TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JESUS G. ``CHUY'' GARCIA

Mr. GARCIA of Illinois.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

15th Anniversary of P.A.S.O.--West Suburban Action Project (Proyecto de

Accion de los Suburbios del Oeste), a community-based social justice

organization in Melrose Park whose mission is to build stronger

communities where residents can live dignified lives regardless of

race, ethnicity, socioeconomic or immigration status.
Since its founding in 2009, P.A.S.O. has become one of the leading

immigrant rights organizations through grassroots organizing and

coalition building working in collaboration with partners to create

systemic, social change that leads to more equitable and just

communities for people of all backgrounds.
Over the past fifteen years, P.A.S.O. has been a pillar of our

community and a beacon of hope for so many.
From supporting immigrants

and refugees training them to defend their rights, to providing health

education to seniors and parents, to championing workers rights, and

providing free educational opportunities in Spanish, P.A.S.O. supports

communities in the quest for change.
I am honored to commemorate P.A.S.O. on their 15th Anniversary.
Congratulations (Felicidades!).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STAFF SERGEANT HARRY MARKS, III

HON.
DONALD NORCROSS

Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor and commend Staff

Sergeant Harry Marks, III, Hometown Hero.
Born in Greenfield, Indiana, Staff Sergeant Harry Marks, III has been

an invaluable and dedicated member of the Borough of Bellmawr since

November 1984 alongside his wife, Barbara.
Staff Sergeant Marks enlisted in the United States Army at the age of

17 years old where he began basic training at Ft.
Knox, Kentucky until

he reached 18 years old.
He was then relocated to Fort Dix, New Jersey

where he received AIT training as a Gas and Diesel Mechanic before

leaving for Indian Town Gap in Pennsylvania, where he awaited orders

for Vietnam.
In 1971, he was stationed outside of Inchon, Korea where

he served for 13 months at the Nike Herc Missile Site Staff Sergeant

Marks returned to the United States as a part of the Mobile Calvary

Unit also recognized as the ``Armored Calvary''.
Prior to his

deployment to Kaiserslautern, Germany, he was stationed at Fort

Steward, Georgia.
In 1974, Staff Sergeant Harry Marks was deployed with

the 43rd maintenance battalion and while in Germany, he was promoted

and transferred to the 34th Signal Battalion B Company where he

remained until 1981.