Title: APPRECIATING MAJOR WILLIAM HENRY LUTHER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
100

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING MAJOR WILLIAM HENRY LUTHER

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I am grateful to

honor the remarkable life of Major William Henry Luther, a highly

decorated hero of the Vietnam War, who will be laid to rest at the

Dallas-Fort Worth Veterans National Cemetery in Dallas, Texas on June

20th.
Major Luther, the brother of Second District resident and

Publisher of Linc, Inc. community newspapers, Kirk Luther, also leaves

behind wife Jackie Mae, daughter Tracey, son Robert, five

grandchildren, one great grandchild, and numerous extended family

members and friends.
I offer my sympathy to his family.
I include in the Record the following obituary for William Henry

Luther:

William Henry Luther, a veteran of the war in Vietnam and

longtime resident of Edgecliff Village, Texas, passed away on

December 10, 2023 in his home.
Bill, as he was known to most,

was born November 7, 1939 to Kirk Charles Luther and

Elizabeth (Betty) Jane Luther in Berwyn, Illinois.
He

enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1956.
Bill was first deployed to

Korea where he served with a medical unit and was there when

President John F. Kennedy was assassinated.
After Korea, Bill was deployed to Vietnam for three combat

tours during the 60s.
For

his heroic actions as a helicopter pilot fighting in some of

the bloodiest battles with the 1st Air Cavalry Division

including the TET Offensive and the City of Hue, Khe Sahn,

and the invasion of the A'Shau Valley, the U.S. Army

recognized Bill for his honorable service with a Silver Star

(one of the highest honors to be bestowed upon a combat

veteran) the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Bronze Star (1st

OLC), the Purple Heart, the Air Medal, National Defense

Service Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal w/DVC 60, Vietnam Cross

of Gallantry w/PALM, Senior Army Aviation Badge, Army Aviator

Badge, Armed Forces Reservice Medal, Good Conduct Medal,

Vietnam Civil Actions Medal (Unit Citation), Valorous Unit

Citation and the Meritorious Service Medal.
Bill was the true

definition of a warrior and retired from military service

with the rank of Major after 22 years, 5 months and 5 days

from Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
Bill married Jackie Mae Riddle on July 22, 1967 at Fort

Rucker, Alabama, and together they raised two children,

Robert and Tracey.
After his retirement from military service Bill joined

Defender Industries in Columbia, SC and was promoted to the

Senior Operations Officer of the southwestern territory which

included Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico.
During that time he

moved his family to Ft.
Worth and eventually Edgecliff

Village where he resided until his passing.
Bill was an avid

golfer and served two terms as an Alderman on the Edgecliff

Village City Council.
Bill is survived by his wife Jackie Mae Luther of Fort

Worth, TX.;
his daughter, Tracey Scancella and husband, Jimmy

Aguirre; his son, Robert S. Luther and wife, Debra M. Luther,

as well as five grandchildren, Jonathan Scancella, Joseph

Scancella, Bradley W. Luther, Kristina K. Luther, Kelli M.

Luther and one great grandchild, Theadore W. Luther; his

brother, Kirk F. Luther and wife Kathy A. Luther along with 2

nephews, Aaron K. Luther and Nicholas C. Luther and two great

nephews, Jonah Luther and Elijah Luther.
William will be laid to rest with full military honors at

Dallas Ft.
Worth Veterans National Cemetery on June 20, 2024

at 11:00 am.
Remembrances can be made by visiting Wounded

Warrior Project at support.woundedwarriorproject.org.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ROCKY'S PASTIES 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and

congratulate Rocky's Pasties on their 100-year anniversary.
I am

extremely grateful to be able to celebrate this incredible milestone

with the Rocky's Pasties family and our community.