His interests in building humanity, specifically, were time

consuming yet fulfilling.
He worked tirelessly to build the cultural

character in the surrounding communities.
He leaves a legacy of

dedicated and committed leadership, and his work never went unnoticed.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life,

legacy, and service of Dr. George Everett Barnes for his passion and

unwavering dedication in the field of education.
May his legacy

continue in our hearts and in our interactions with friends and family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF O. LOUIS SOTO

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, on May 8, 2024 we lost my father, Lou Soto.
He

was an amazing dad, loving husband, and joyful grandfather.
He was a

Navy veteran, computer programmer, as well as a football, baseball and

basketball fan.
He had a calm, loving, and amiable demeaner, one that

inspired peace in others.
He had many friends, loved to dance, grill,

host BBQs and listen to music.
His story embodied the American Dream.
Born in Manati, Puerto Rico,

he traveled to the mainland at nine years old.
He then served in the

Navy as a young man during the Vietnam era.
He and my mother, Jean,

bought their first home thanks to a VA Loan and attended college thanks

to the GI Bill, where he took night classes to finish his degree while

working in the day and raising his young family.
He worked in computers

and information technology for many years.
He now leaves behind his

wife Jean, son Lou, grandchildren LJ, Mateo, and Sabrina, and myself as

well as many other family members.
The imprint he has left on our

lives, we will carry with us forever.
He was a Catholic and man of faith.
Our family will miss him dearly,

knowing he now joins the angels, and is finally at peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF DETECTIVE PAUL DiGIACOMO--JUNE 26, 2024

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to include in the Record the

following Proclamation honoring the retirement of Detective Paul

DiGiacomo:

Whereas: Detective Paul DiGiacomo, President of the Detectives'

Endowment Association, Inc. (DEA), is to be recognized on June 26,

2024, on the occasion of his retirement from the New York Police

Department.
The people of New York City thank him for his four decades

approximately 18,000 active and retired New York Police Department

Detectives, the largest detectives' union globally.
Whereas: A Brooklyn native and the son of a transit police officer,

Detective DiGiacomo commenced his service in law enforcement with the

Housing Police in 1983 before transitioning to the New York Police

Department in 1985.
Whereas: Throughout his distinguished career spanning nearly four

decades, Detective DiGiacomo has served in various capacities, from

patrolling the 70th Precinct in Brooklyn to working in plainclothes

with the Borough's Anti-Crime Unit, demonstrating his dedication to

protecting and serving the community.
Whereas: Detective DiGiacomo's ascent within the NYPD ranks was

marked by his diligent work in the Brooklyn South Narcotics unit, where

he rose to prominence in the Major Case Unit while concurrently

advocating for his fellow officers as a delegate for the Patrolmen's

Benevolent Association (PBA).
Whereas: Recognized for his exceptional investigative skills,

Detective DiGiacomo earned his Detective's gold shield in 1993 and

continued to excel in assignments within the Organized Crime

Investigation Division (OCID), including roles in various gun units and

narcotics task forces.
Whereas: In 1999, Detective DiGiacomo assumed the role of Sergeant-

at-Arms for the DEA, a position he held with distinction until his

promotion to Detective, second grade, by the NYPD in December 2001, in

recognition of his exemplary service in an extensive undercover

operation related to the homicide of a Queens Police Officer.