My hon.
Friend is a proud champion of the towns and villages of Rossendale and Darwen.
We will make sure that we use our Green Book review to properly assess the benefit of all this Government’s investments.
On top of that capital investment, the people of Rossendale and Darwen are benefiting from the 3 million additional appointments that we have delivered, which have led to reductions in NHS waiting lists, and also the increase in the national living wage, which will make working people in his constituency and across the country better off.
The towns and villages of the lakes and the dales in Cumbria are proud to host 20 million visitors every single year—we are the UK’s biggest visitor destination outside of London—yet we get almost no support whatsoever for the costs incurred by those visitors on our highways and other infrastructure, health services and police.
Will the Chancellor look at funding allocations to make sure that those services that support the residents and the visitors are properly funded?
The Green Book reforms will ensure that we properly assess the benefits of investments in different parts of the UK, but the people of Cumbria and the lakes will benefit from the record investment in the NHS, the roll-out of nurseries and free breakfast clubs at primary schools, as well as the increase in the national living wage, from which many workers in sectors such as hospitality and retail in the hon.
Member’s constituency will directly benefit.
One way to get Treasury officials to start focusing more on northern towns would be to move the Treasury up north.
After experiencing our rail networks and our infrastructure, they may very quickly invest more money in the area.
Are there any plans to move any Treasury offices to the north?
No. 11 Market Street, Chorley?
[Laughter.]
This Government have committed to increasing the proportion of civil servants who work in the north of England.
But we already have a hub that we are expanding in Darlington, where eight Departments work, including officials from the Treasury.
The Treasury is very mindful of the importance of investing right across the north of England—in Darlington, Leeds, Cumbria, Rossendale and Darwen and many other constituencies beside.
The prosperity of northern towns is very much dependent on good transport connections.
Will the Chancellor ensure that National Highways is adequately funded, so that it can improve access to the port and town of Immingham through improvements to the A180, and  also that the Department for Transport has adequate funds to meet the modest amount that is needed to fund an extension of the King’s Cross to Lincoln train service through to Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I shall make sure that the Transport Secretary hears those requests, but the hon.
Gentleman knows that our investment in British Steel, which will save that company, is set to increase the number of jobs there.
That will make a massive difference to his constituents, as will the investment in renewable energy in the North sea, particularly around Immingham, creating good jobs and paying decent wages in his constituency and in many others, too.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
I know that my hon.
Friend is working closely with the local Labour council in Southport to regenerate the local town centre, and we will make sure that this Government back him every step of the way.
Whether it is the Marine Lake Events Centre, the Enterprise Arcade or the new Market Quarter in my Southport constituency, my town has benefited from state-led investment in neighbourhoods and the public realm.
Does the Chancellor agree that investment policies of this sort are essential to driving economic growth in our regions and nations and will help us to finally turn the page on the failed austerity policies of the Conservative party?
I absolutely agree, and that is why we have reversed the Conservatives’ decisions to cut capital spending.
Instead, we are preserving that capital investment, which means spending £113 billion more on road, rail, energy, homes and digital infrastructure than would have been spent in the plans we inherited.
We are also spending on day-to-day things, such as making sure that we have police on our streets, and working with our mayors, including Mayor Steve Rotheram, to ensure we get investment into the places that most need it.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy.
In Ilford South we have many small businesses, ranging from restaurants like Delhi O Delhi, Mr Bunns Bakery, tea shops like Mi Chaii to local shops like the Chopra convenience stores.
They make Ilford an amazing place to eat, shop and do business.
Will the Chancellor join me in commending the local businesses that make the high street the beating heart of Ilford South, and will she lay out what steps she is taking to support these entrepreneurs?
At the Budget, we more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500 to take many small businesses out of paying national insurance altogether.
On corporation tax, we have maintained the small profits rate to help smaller businesses, and to help entrepreneurs raise finance and grow, the Government have extended the enterprise investment scheme and the venture capital trust scheme.
I very much add my words of support to businesses across Ilford, and I commend the work my hon.
Friend does to champion them.
Clwyd North is a proud coastal constituency, home to a dedicated hospitality sector with many small businesses, including the recently opened Bobcats Coffee, where young entrepreneur Bobby is an example to us all.
Economic circumstances have been tough after a decade of neglect by the Tories.
Will the Chancellor outline the Treasury’s plans to support the small businesses that are such a vital part of our local economy?
From the next financial year, this Government will introduce permanently lower rates for high street, retail, hospitality and leisure properties with rateable values below £500,000, and we are doing that exactly to support the sort of businesses that my hon.
Friend champions.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Earlier this month, Harbour Energy announced that it would be cutting 25% of its onshore workforce, blaming the Government’s punitive fiscal position and challenging regulatory environment.
When the news was announced, the Chancellor said that this was just a commercial decision by one company, so how does she explain the other energy sector jobs that have been lost in north-east Scotland in just the last few weeks?
Belmar Engineering is entering liquidation, with 48 job losses.
Well-Safe Solutions faces 45 job losses.
Beam, a subsea technology company, has made all 200 staff redundant.
With Harbour Energy’s cut of 25% of its workforce—250 jobs—we are talking about 600 jobs in total.
How can the Chancellor explain that, and how will she support the industry in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury is working closely with businesses right across the energy sector.
The previous Government increased the rate of tax on energy companies to 75%, and we increased it by three percentage points to 78%, reflecting the fact that energy companies have enjoyed huge profits since Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
When people’s bills have gone up, it is right that we ask the energy companies making those profits to contribute a little more.
What changes will the Chancellor introduce in the spring statement to compensate for the growth-threatening sword of Damocles she has just placed over the Scottish fishing industry?
She should know, but probably does not, that 70% of revenue from fishing and aquaculture comes from Scotland, and she should know, but probably does not, that the fishing industry in Scotland is 50 times larger for Scotland’s economy than for the UK’s.
Can  she explain what discussions she had with the Scottish Fishermen’s Federation or the Scottish Government before making this damaging decision?
I was very pleased that the Scottish salmon association welcomed the trade deal that we secured with the EU yesterday.
Some 70% of the fish that is caught in UK waters is sold into European markets.
That will now benefit from the sanitary and phytosanitary deal that we have secured within that deal.
We have rolled over the deal that the previous Government secured, giving certainty to fishermen in Scotland and across the UK.
We have made it easier for them to export into European markets.
We have ensured that we can sell shellfish again into European markets, and we announced yesterday the £360 million package of measures to support coastal and fishing industries.
The Scottish National party is now in an absurd situation where it supports Reform and the Tories in opposing the deal with the EU.