Sacha Lord, Labour’s former night-time economy adviser, says that it is tougher for the hospitality industry today than it was even during the pandemic, but the Chancellor is ignoring his advice and pushing ahead with a cocktail of costs that the Night Time Industries Association has called a death sentence for our pubs, bars and clubs.
Can the Minister and the Chancellor not see that the future of the industry is fatally undermined by their anti-growth taxation?
What is anti-growth is the Conservative party, which sat over 15 long years of decline and completely unprecedented economic stagnation.
Our job is to support the hospitality and leisure sector more generally.
That is why we are reducing red tape through the cross-Government licensing taskforce; why we are permanently cutting business rates, moving away from the year-by-year chaotic system put in place by the Conservative party; and why we are engaging all the time with the Hospitality Sector Council.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of the double contributions convention in the UK-India free trade agreement on levels of tax revenue.
The trade deal that we have secured with India adds around £5 billion to the UK economy.
On social security contributions, if somebody who works for an Indian business is posted to the UK, or someone from a UK business is posted to India, they will not pay two lots of contributions: if you are paying into the Indian provident fund in India, you will not be paying national insurance contributions here; and if you are paying national insurance contributions here, you will not be paying into the Indian provident fund.
On top of that, to come to the UK to work from India you will need to pay just over £3,000 for the NHS surcharge to be able to access those services and £769 in visa fees, contributing to the UK Exchequer.
I note that the Chancellor did not actually address the point of the cost to the Exchequer of the double contributions convention, which the Government has agreed with India.
Indian workers sent here by their employers on intra-company transfers cost more in taxes than British workers, but that flips under this deal: Indian workers will be taxed less and cost less to employ than British rivals for doing the same jobs.
That will not only cost the Treasury lost revenue, which the Chancellor did not admit, but displace British workers, suppress wages and increase immigration.
Will the Chancellor commit now to monitoring the effects of the agreement and, if the data shows any of that happening, promise to scrap this charter for immigration with India?
This deal is worth £5 billion to the UK economy, and it also benefits British workers being posted by their company to work in India.
The Conservatives are now in the absurd situation of opposing the US deal, the India deal and the deal with the EU.
They are simply not serious.
The India deal reduces tariffs on Scotch whisky by more than half and brings into the UK more good jobs paying decent wages—the Conservatives seem to be against that.
Special steels business Paralloy in Billingham, in my constituency, has told me that uncertainty on international trade has recently left its customers running for the hills.
Does the Chancellor of the Exchequer agree that now we have trade deals coming along like buses—with India, the US and the EU—we can offer reliability and confidence to important local businesses such as Paralloy that want to export to the world?
Steel is one of the sectors that will benefit particularly from the trade deals this Government have secured, freeing ourselves of tariffs on steel going into the US.
Indeed, the deal we secured with the EU yesterday means that we avoid tariffs on steel being sold into European markets, as well as now being exempt from the European carbon border adjustment mechanism, which is good for steel and good for jobs right across Britain.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure cross-departmental planning in the development of the spending review.
The Treasury has reformed the spending review process to ensure that it facilitates genuine collaboration across Departments.
As part of this spending review, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I have met Secretaries of State multilaterally in mission clusters, which have brought together Departments to agree cross-departmental priorities, increase transparency, reduce duplication and align spending with mission delivery across Whitehall, while learning every possible lesson from the failure of the Conservatives to ensure that it is never repeated ever again.
Some 9,000 UK medical graduates compete with 15,000 overseas graduates for postgraduate training, meaning that many of our own graduates simply cannot progress into higher professional training, and either go abroad themselves or leave medicine.
Does the Minister agree that the Treasury has a crucial role to co-ordinate spending on medical university education by the Department for Education and on postgraduate training by the Department of Health and Social Care, so as to ensure that public money spent on medical student education is not wasted?
The Government are committed to training the staff the NHS needs as part of our 10-year plan.
International staff clearly play an important role in the mix of staff that we have, but we also want to create opportunities for people across the country to work in our national health service.
That is why, thanks to changes this Government have made, we have already been able to recruit more than 1,500 additional GPs since October who would otherwise not have been able to seek that type of employment.
While discussing the spending review, will the Treasury get the Agriculture Secretary and the Energy Secretary together in the same room, and make sure that agriculture receives the funding it needs and that energy is not allowed to charge agriculture, effectively, for its loss of income?
In other words, will the Chancellor ensure we are not robbing Peter to pay Paul?
A meeting of that nature has already taken place as part of our mission-led approach to Government.
We continue to engage with the Departments for Energy Security and Net Zero and for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on these issues, as the right hon.
Gentleman suggests—it is exactly what we mean when we talk about cross-departmental collaboration.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, further details will be set out in the spending review in due course.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of funding for northern towns.
I was pleased to go with my hon.
Friend to Darwen to visit the 100th banking hub, which was rolled out just a few months ago.
We also visited the thriving Darwen market in one of his local towns.
We will set out at the spending review how we will spend the £113 billion extra that we are putting in to capital spending, compared with the plans we inherited from the Conservatives.
Of course, we will ensure that towns and cities, including across the north of England, benefit from that investment.