Yesterday, there was a lot of coverage of the Chancellor’s comments about the ISA limit.
She pledged to keep it at £20,000 but did not specify how much within that would be cash and how much would be investments.
Can the Minister reassure me that she is seriously considering the impact on the mortgage-lending market of changing the cash ISA limit?
As we announced in the spring statement, we are looking for options for ISA reform to ensure that we get the balance right between cash and equities.
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we understand that cash savings are a vital tool for people and act as a financial buffer for a rainy day.
I am sure that the Chancellor subscribes to the basic principle that if the cost of something is put up, we will see less of it.
That is  why Governments have, over many years, put taxes on things like smoking.
Does she accept that the principle also applies to employing people—that the more expensive the Government make employing people, with their jobs tax increasing NICs for employers, the less we will see of that?
The Conservative party is a good example of that.
The cost of the Conservative party went up, and its number of MPs shrank.
The recent report by the independent commission on neighbourhoods shows that 98% of Blackpool’s population is living in high-need neighbourhoods.
With 34 mission-critical neighbourhoods in my constituency, Blackpool is desperate for investment and economic growth.
Will the Chancellor outline what the Government are doing to improve growth in our forgotten coastal towns?
Yesterday we announced £360 million of investment in coastal and fishing communities.
That will be vital to ensure that those communities continue to thrive.
Dorset and Wiltshire fire and rescue service has suffered a real-terms funding cut, partly because the majority of firefighters are on call so the employer national insurance contributions were not sufficiently compensated.
Will Ministers commit to reviewing the funding formula to fit the needs of communities, and to undertaking a local impact assessment on the effect of the funding cuts on public and firefighter safety?
The Government have already increased NHS spending by £22.6 billion, police funding by £1.1 billion, and fire and rescue authority funding by £65.5 million.
Further spending will be set out in the June spending review, but this is another example of a Labour Government delivering on the promise of change.
To alleviate grinding penury for millions of people, the Chancellor could introduce an annual wealth tax on multimillionaires, which would raise approximately £24 billion per annum, yet she refuses to entertain the idea and considers cuts to welfare acceptable.
Why do “tough political choices” always seem to impact the most vulnerable?
At the Budget last year, we increased the rate of tax on non-doms, we increased capital gains tax, we increased the carried interest on bonuses and we introduced VAT on private schools.
This Government are ensuring that the wealthiest pay their fair share, because that is a basic Labour principle.