I congratulate the Prime Minister on this achievement, on top of two great trade deals.
This is important if we are trying to deliver growth in the economy.
Could the Prime Minister outline what he thinks the two or three main gains are to boost the economy in short order, so that we can build the public spending that we so badly need?
Our approach has been on the question of bringing our bills down, which is why the SPS agreement is so important, and of protecting and driving up jobs, which is why the EU, India and US agreements are all so important.
That is particularly the case for car manufacturing, but equally so for pharmaceuticals, which are protected under our agreement.
However, there is a bigger picture: these are three individual trade deals, but taken together they show that other countries want to do deals with the UK now in a way that they did not before.
With youth unemployment higher in Europe—in countries such as France, Spain, Portugal and Sweden—I can see why the EU pushed for a youth mobility scheme: to help get its youth unemployment figures down.
Can the Prime Minister tell the House what impact assessment he has done of his youth scheme?
What effect will it have on youth unemployment among young Brits, particularly white working-class boys, who suffer the most?
Can he also tell the House today what cap he has put on the number of people coming to the UK?
If he cannot, this is a bitter betrayal of British youth.
The agreement gives young people in the United Kingdom the opportunity to work, to study and to travel in Europe.
It will be a capped scheme of limited duration and with visas.
This, again, is something that everyone said we could not negotiate, and we have negotiated it.
As for the right hon.
Lady’s question about what we are doing for young people in this country, she should look to the Trailblazer scheme that we set up to help young people back into work.
Will the Prime Minister join me in inviting Conservative Members to celebrate the restoration of access to our British shellfishers, and the reduction in frictions on the 70% of our British seafood that is exported to the EU?
Will he encourage those Conservative Members to get out there and help us to deploy the £360 million of fishing and coastal community funding that we have unlocked?
Under the Conservatives’ deal, shellfish was locked out, but it can now be sold back into the market, which is hugely important to places such as Cornwall.
That is why their response to this is so uncertain and, if I may say so, un-Tory.
On six separate occasions since the beginning of the year I have asked the Paymaster General about plans for a youth mobility scheme, and every single time he has told me that Labour has no plans.
I realise that I was in error and should have asked about a youth experience scheme, but let me ask the Prime Minister now whether he has a timescale for when such a scheme can be put into  operation and we can start to see the benefits that Liberal Democrats know it can bring to young people here in the UK and across the EU.
We have moved apace to get this far, but we now need to move apace to implement what we agreed yesterday, so we will be doing that, and we will update the House as we do so.
I congratulate the Prime Minister and his colleagues on their success at the summit.
The Government’s hard work has paid off: this is a good deal and a good first step.
Businesses will benefit from a reduction in red tape, and consumers will see lower bills in the long run.
The announcement on youth experience and Erasmus+ will be welcomed by the many young people in my constituency.
I also welcome the recognition of the value of touring artists in both the EU and the UK.
I realise that the barriers to touring are complex, but will the PM commit himself to keeping up the hard work so we can begin to reduce and break down those barriers?
My hon.
Friend has raised an important point about touring artists.
We are absolutely committed to securing a better deal for them, and that will be part of the ongoing work as we move forward from this summit to the next.
I think the Front Benches need to calm the jets a wee bit.
This is obviously not a surrender, just as it is obviously no substitute for membership of the European Union; nor, indeed, is it, as the Prime Minister has said repeatedly today, providing “unprecedented access” to the EU market—that is simply absurd.
The deal does provide for co-operation on carbon storage, so will the Prime Minister build on that good work by committing his Government to providing the financial support that is necessary to take forward the Acorn project in the north-east of Scotland?
The deal does allow us to move forward on renewables and carbon capture as part of the package around renewables, which is why it is so important across the United Kingdom, but particularly in Scotland because of the potential for job opportunities there, so of course we will press on in that regard.
I would gently ask the right hon.
Gentleman to consider again why he should not support this deal for the benefit of the whisky sector in Scotland, and given that yesterday Salmon Scotland came out hugely in favour of it.
He should stand up and support the work that we are doing.
My constituency is home to the world’s oldest biscuit factory:
Carr’s has been making Table Water crackers, ginger nuts and custard creams for many decades, and in about 15 years’ time it will celebrate 200 years in business.
Can the Prime Minister say more about the importance of this deal to food and drink businesses such as pladis, which owns and operates the Carr’s biscuit factory?
For food, for biscuits and all the content covered by the SPS agreement, this deal is a massive step forward.
It gets rid of the red tape and  bureaucracy that cost each business thousands upon thousands of pounds.
This is good for biscuits, good for business.
May I have a serious answer to a very narrow and specific question?
We know how many fishing rights the Prime Minister was prepared to give away for how many years in order to accede to the EU’s demands, but how much UK taxpayers’ money is he willing to hand over to the EU in order to sign up to its protectionist demands?
I remind the right hon.
Lady that nothing that was negotiated on fishing by the previous Government has been given away; quite the contrary.
On costs—I gave a full answer earlier—we are not paying into the EU budget in the way that EU members do, and that is why this unprecedented access is so important.
In relation to schemes and programmes, yes, we will make a proportionate contribution, on the same basis, with the same principles, that the Conservative party—the then Government—negotiated the current arrangements on Horizon and research and development.
It is hard to see why, having negotiated those arrangements, it is now suddenly against them.
The energy industry is central to our mission for growth, but it is also important to our tackling of the generational challenge that is climate change.
This is a sentiment felt in my constituency, which is proud to be a regional hub of carbon capture and hydrogen storage.
Will the Prime Minister explain how the deal supports the energy industry so that we can pursue the growth, bring down energy bills and tackle climate change?
It does so in two ways.
It makes permanent the energy chapter in the current deal, and it goes beyond that to allow us to co-operate and co-ordinate more closely on energy; we have the ability for connection already, but we can now take better advantage of it.
Successive Governments and successive Parliaments have caused unnecessary and at times intolerable damage to our Union.
We recognise the reductions in some checks on some issues, but can the Prime Minister explain why, if animals and animal products are now suitable to come to Northern Ireland free of checks, the European Union is still intent on banning the very veterinary medicines that are taken by those animals?
If standards are the same in the United Kingdom and the European Union—and this Parliament has already decided that CE markings will be retained—why are products and manufactured goods not part of the arrangement?
Will the Prime Minister confirm to this Parliament that it is his intention to rid Northern Ireland of the Windsor framework and to get rid of the barriers within our Union?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, the SPS agreement that we have negotiated for the UK as a whole is good for Northern Ireland because it complements the current SPS agreement for Northern Ireland that it comes up against.
That will be a huge step forward for Northern Ireland, which I know he  cares about, and others care about, and I care about.
It is among the advantages of the SPS deal that we have struck.
I do understand the issue of veterinary medicines, and we are working to resolve the problem that the right hon.
Gentleman has rightly described.
I think we are in a better position to resolve it by co-operating and co-ordinating with the EU, which is what we are doing.
On the Windsor framework, it is important that we implement the agreements that we have in place, because the blunt truth is that no one will make further agreements with a country that walks away from agreements that it has already put in place.