Yesterday the Chancellor said that she understands the concerns that some people have about the limit at which the winter fuel payment is removed.
Does she therefore now agree that restricting the eligibility so tightly was a mistake?
As the hon.
Lady knows, when I became Chancellor last year, we inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances—not in some year in the future, but in the financial year that we were already three or four months into.
This meant that we had to   make difficult and urgent decisions to put our public finances back on a firm footing—because, unlike the Conservatives, I will never play fast and loose with the public finances.
Labour-led Ipswich borough council recently announced investment to reopen the iconic Grimwades building in our town centre, which has been left vacant for more than a decade.
This local ambition matches the Government’s national initiatives, but challenges remain, so what steps are the Government taking to go even further and reform the unfair business rates system for good?
We are determined to go further and faster to reform business rates, which is why we will publish an update paper in the summer.
I am also glad that we can work with councils such as Ipswich to ensure that we can turn around town centres after years of Conservative decline.
With interest rates still high, what assessment has the Chancellor made of the number of homeowners going into mortgage arrears and the impact that is having on families right across the UK?
We are in weekly touch with the Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates mortgages, and under this Government we have seen four interest rate cuts since the election, which is bringing mortgage rates down for hard-working people across the country.
Does the Chancellor agree that four interest rate cuts, three trade deals, two successive quarters of growth and almost 1% of growth announced last week show that our plan for change is working?
Does she also agree that it is now essential that this House supports the Government’s Planning and Infrastructure Bill and other efforts to boost growth and put money in the pockets of my constituents in Ealing Southall?
I very much agree, but what is truly extraordinary is that the Conservatives, Reform and the Scottish National party have voted against or abstained on the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, and they do not support any of the trade deals that we have secured to support working people in our country.
My Hazel Grove constituents are content to pay their fair share of tax, but they are understandably disappointed when His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs overcharges and then ghosts them.
Gail from Romiley is a foster carer who was owed a tax repayment.
She repeatedly contacted HMRC over a nine-month period, but it was only when my superstar casework team got involved that she got a £1,200 rebate.
What assurance can Ministers give my constituents that HMRC is adequately resourced to give them the support they need to pay their fair share of tax?
I am sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
To reassure her and her constituent, one of my priorities as chair of the HMRC board is to improve HMRC’s day-to-day performance.
We have seen the percentage of telephony adviser attempts handled go from 59% last March to 80% this March.
It will remain a priority for me to modernise and digitise the service.
The European emissions trading scheme has a carbon price that is 50% higher than the UK’s.
What assessment has the Chancellor made of the impact of joining the scheme on inflation in this country?
As my hon.
Friend knows, sometimes the UK carbon price has been higher, but sometimes it has been lower than in the EU.
This deal will ensure a bigger market that, on average, brings prices down.
We are confident that the deal secured yesterday will bring more good jobs and bring down bills for consumers.
Scottish councils now have the power to introduce a tourism levy.
That has gone down extremely badly with the hospitality sector.
In particular, they fear a tax on a tax—that would be VAT.
Will the Government look at zero rating that in the event that a tourism levy is introduced?
I want to welcome tourists to Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
That is why we are securing trade deals with countries around the world, showing that we as a country are open for business.
In the end, it is up to the Scottish Government which additional taxes they introduce, but as with income tax, the SNP never takes the side of ordinary working people.
Last week I raised with the Minister for Social Security and Disability the case of a local disability charity being hit by increased bank charges, and the Minister committed to work with me on the issue.
Will Treasury Ministers do the same so that we can take these banks to task and support fantastic local organisations?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that issue.
Access to banking services is a particular issue in North East Fife, where the limitations of the access to cash legislation are becoming clear.
Will the financial inclusion committee agree to look at the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 to ensure that we get the access to banking services that local communities need?
Our Government secured the commitment of the banking industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the country; 200 have already been agreed and over 150 are open.
The financial inclusion committee, which I chair, is looking at financial inclusion, including digital banking and ensuring that people have the bank accounts they need.
I congratulate the Chancellor of the Exchequer on securing the Mansion House accord, which will channel billions into the economy and make a real difference to my constituents.
One of the reasons that pension funds agreed to join the accord was because of the strong pipeline of investable projects that the Government are creating.
Does the Minister agree that the Government’s infrastructure plans and planning reforms, opposed by the Conservatives, will unlock growth?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
Raising investment in the UK is about boosting not just the supply of capital, but the demand for it—the investment pipeline.
We are approving infrastructure projects, from wind farms to reservoirs, that the Conservatives blocked for years.
By reforming the planning system, we are doing something really radical: building homes.
The roll-out of banking hubs is helping to a small degree, but what plans do the Government have to increase the number of banking hubs beyond those in the pipeline?
As I said in my previous answer, we have secured the commitment of the industry to open 350 banking hubs by the end of this Parliament.
The FCA keeps the access to cash rules under review.
As legislated for under the last Government, it has the power to make rules to ensure that there is access to cash across the country.