When Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
The Prime Minister talks about a hat trick of deals—they are own goals.
In 2020, the Conservatives concluded the trade and co-operation agreement, the largest and most comprehensive free trade agreement in the world.
We agreed to come back in five years with improved terms.
This renegotiation should have been an opportunity to improve terms for our country, but the terms are improved for the EU.
The Prime Minister can dress it up as much as he wants, but he has failed.
It is bad for bills; it is bad for jobs; and it is bad for borders.
This is not a deal made for Britain; this deal is made for Labour’s public relations, to show Labour on the world stage, but it is a stitch-up for our country in return for short-term headlines.
Let us take the Prime Minister’s abject failures one by one.
First, on fishing, he has given away the prize most desired by EU member states, and he has done so for almost nothing.
It is very easy to sign deals if you are prepared to give everything away for pennies.
This deal locks out our fishermen until 2038.
We are now in a worse position than the Faroe Islands—a set of islands with the population of Scarborough, but which gets to have annual negotiations.
The Prime Minister quoted some organisations that welcome his deal—he does not listen to them normally—but he left one out deliberately: the National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations has described the deal as a surrender and a giveaway.
This is a Prime Minister who  would pay to give away his family silver.
Why is the Prime Minister selling our fishermen down the river?
Is it because they do not vote Labour?
Secondly, on food and agriculture, the Prime Minister is going to pay the EU to abide by laws that we have no say on.
While British farmers struggle with the family farms tax that his Chancellor has imposed on them, their regulations will now be made in Paris and enforced in Brussels.
It is a total capitulation.
We are not in the EU, and we are not at the table, so can the Prime Minister tell us how he will ensure accountability for the hundreds of regulations that he has signed this country up to?
Thirdly, on energy, the Prime Minister has shackled us to the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
That means that the Government can no longer cut energy costs without the EU’s permission.
It will also unravel parts of the India free trade agreement that he has just negotiated.
This is not a technicality; it is a betrayal.
The House should be in no doubt that this means higher bills, more pain and less flexibility.
Fourthly, on the Prime Minister’s manifesto promises, he said that we would not rejoin the single market.
He promised no new payments, and that he would protect British interests.
That promise has lasted about as long as his commitment to protect pensioners’ winter fuel allowance.
He said whatever was needed to win power, and now he will say whatever is needed to keep it, even if it means selling out our sovereignty, our businesses and the public.
The truth is that most of what was announced yesterday was not a deal.
There was no binding agreement on anything.
Most of the items outlined are simply agreements to enter into further discussions, which we are already having.
The Prime Minister is boasting that we will now avoid airport queues because we will get access to EU e-gates.
It sounds great, except it is not true; some airports already allow that, and this deal does not guarantee it anywhere, as each country still has to agree.
That sums up this deal perfectly: it is a lot of spin to disguise the terrible substance.
Having previously ruled out a youth mobility scheme, the Prime Minister is now desperately trying to hide his latest U-turn by rebranding the scheme as an experience.
That is risible.
We have no details on any cap or time limit, which begs the question: why are the Government talking about increasing migration before they have got a grip on the small boats or the legal migration system?
I know that the Prime Minister does not like answering questions, but people out there want to know.
Can we have some honesty about what has been discussed?
How many young European workers does the Prime Minister think would be acceptable, and will they be able to bring dependants?
Even the defence commitments in this deal are hopelessly one-sided.
We are making payments, but the EU is offering dialogue and consultation.
This is a pitiful return for the country that leads NATO in Europe, and has troops on the ground in Estonia, defending our allies.
Can the Prime Minister tell us why there was not a single word in his statement about the money that we will now be sending to Brussels?
Can he set out how much those payments will cost taxpayers?
In government, details matter, and so does honesty.
[Laughter.]
Labour Members are laughing, but this is a bad deal for the country.
Look at them.
This is how they laughed at the Budget.
They have no idea what it is that they have  signed up to.
The Prime Minister said that he would stay out of the single market; he is going into the single market for agrifood, electricity and energy.
He said that he would stay out of the customs union, but he is accepting EU tariff rules.
How does he plan to stop the EU changing them to our disadvantage?
He has no idea, and neither do any of them.
The British people know when they are being misled.
They know that headlines fail.
The Prime Minister did not listen to the CBI on the jobs tax, and he did not listen to the Federation of Small Businesses on the family farms tax.
This deal has already unravelled.
The damage is becoming clear, and the political consequences will be huge, and here he is, trumpeting his success.
When he stands up in a moment, he will deflect, dismiss and distract, but we all know the truth.
This is a fiction of a speech, a fraud of a deal, and a failure of a Prime Minister.
Oh dear.
That was just such an unserious response.
The right hon.
Lady says that details matter in government; they matter in opposition as well.
The SPS agreement cuts red tape and bureaucracy for all food and agricultural products going to the EU.
It is a massive boost for our supermarkets, our farmers and others.
Why is it that all the supermarkets have come out behind this deal?
Because they know how important the SPS agreement is.
It is completely in our favour.
There is a huge amount of detail there.
It is the best agreement.
On defence and security, we have greater operational co-ordination, and the right hon.
Lady is against it at a time like this.
It opens the gate to the EU defence procurement fund of €150 billion; that was a condition of the deal.
She complains about emissions.
[Hon.
Members: “How much?”
] I will tell you how much.
Businesses were going to pay £800 million a year in tariffs that they will not now pay.
That is why they are coming out in support of the deal.
That is how much.
The detail matters.
On energy, we are already connected, but we are not using that energy connection.
We have electrical access to the market.
On steel, we are getting rid of the tariffs.
That will support British steel, but the right hon.
Lady is against that, yet again.
She says that e-gates access is already in existence; this deal clears the way for e-gates access.
That is the huge difference it makes.
[Interruption.]
If any Conservative Members doubt that, they should travel across a border today and see the long queues.
On law enforcement, we have better operational working with Europol, and the right hon.
Lady is against it.
We have information sharing on facial mapping and dealing with criminal records, and she is against it.
She is absolutely unserious.
She is also against the India deal, which of course does huge things for trade in sectors such as whisky, where their only concern is whether they can produce enough.
They have been absolutely clear about supporting the India deal—a deal that the Conservatives tried to do—and she now says that she is against it.
We have the US deal, which saved thousands upon thousands of jobs in car manufacturing and at Jaguar Land Rover.
I do not know whether the right hon.
Lady had the chance to make that trip to JLR, but she really  ought to before she responds like that again.
The US deal reduces tariffs on steel, so that our steel can be sold to America, and supports our whisky and gin, and she is against it.
She is against every single deal.
She is the only ex-Trade Secretary who is against every single deal.
These deals have been welcomed broadly because they are good deals.
You do not get a great long list of endorsements from all the business associations and companies for no—[Interruption.]
The Conservatives are so unserious; they are lost in a descent into the abyss.
They used to be a proud party of trading agreements, and they have slid off into the abyss.
That is where they are.
On fishing, none of the rights negotiated by the Conservatives have been removed.
There is no change in access for coastal communities, which is the same as before.
There is no reduction in the British quota or increase in the EU quota; they are the same as before.
We have reciprocal arrangements, which are the same as before.
What is new is having the SPS agreement for the first time, and it is permanent.
They were unable to do that.
It reopens the EU market for shellfish and makes it much easier to sell British fish to our largest trading partner.
That is hugely significant, because 72% of British fish is traded into EU markets, and it is now easier to do that.
We are backing that with £360 million through our fishing and coastal grants.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about the youth experience scheme.
That scheme is capped, it is time-limited, and it is balanced.
In relation to standards, the truth is this: we are currently aligned in our standards, but we do not get the benefit of that.
We want to continue to have high standards; that is what the British public want, and it is what this deal delivers.
We will have a role in shaping any future rules, and application of them is specifically subject to our constitutional arrangements.
We will have a process in this Parliament to apply the rules, but to be clear, we are already applying those rules at the moment—we are just not getting the advantage.
This deal strips that away.
It is good for our country and good for our economy, and it is a shame that the Leader of the Opposition cannot stand up and support it.