I very much recognise, both as a constituency MP and as a Minister, the importance of making sure that adoptive parents can build a strong family unit with their adoptive children.
If I may make a broader point, the only reason we can invest in public services is because of difficult decisions we have taken around taxation.
The problem with the Liberal Democrats and other parties on the Opposition Benches is that they are happy to support the extra funding for public spending, but not the tax rises necessary to pay for it.
This is not an issue on which to make a party political point.
The reality is that a 40% cut to the adoption and special guardianship support fund will be deeply impactful for young people who have experienced significant trauma—abuse, neglect and so much more.
Given that our mental health services are not fit for purpose at the moment, it is imperative that we make the right investment so that those young people are not denied a life course opportunity if that fund is cut.
Will the Minister review the decision and ensure that we have the proper funding that young people need?
As my hon.
Friend will know, spending decisions are for the Chief Secretary of the Treasury to discuss with Departments.
I make the general point that investment in mental health, for instance, which she mentioned, is possible only because of the decisions we  have taken on taxation to ensure that we can support public spending on mental health services and on support for young people.
What steps she is taking to help increase returns on investment from pension savings.
That is absolutely the right question.
We all understandably hear calls for higher rates of pension saving, but the prior question is this: how do we ensure that savers get the best bang for their buck for every penny they save?
The forthcoming pension schemes Bill will help make that happen, with bigger pension schemes and fewer small pension pots, driving down costs and driving up saving rates for pensioners.
Can the Minister share with me, as chair of the reconstituted all-party parliamentary group on pensions and growth, any plans for how counties that are outside mayoral authorities, such as Staffordshire, could benefit from pension reforms to encourage more investment in the UK, to support infrastructure, jobs and local regeneration?
I certainly can.
Our reforms to the local government pension scheme will support local investment in every part of England and Wales.
Our defence spending plans will be felt on the ground—total defence spending in the west midlands totals £1.6 billion a year.
We are building reservoirs again, including one in the west midlands.
We are also getting the country trading once again, including businesses in Tamworth, where PI-KEM, a specialist chemical supplier, recently won a major export order, with £100,000 in UK Export Finance support.
Britain, and Tamworth, are open for business.
I want to ask about 18-year-olds, who are just starting off, being encouraged to take out a pension.
Whenever I was 18, my mother took me down to see John Thompson, the pensions man in Ballywalter, and he said, “You’re going to take a pension.”
I asked, “What for, Mum?”
She said, “You’re taking a pension.”
So I took the pension.
Does the Minister agree that what everybody really needs is somebody like my mother to encourage them to take a pension?
I did not know where that was going, but I know that I speak for everybody in the House when I say that the whole country needs someone like the hon.
Gentleman’s mother.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase economic growth in South Yorkshire.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Derby.
Kick-starting economic growth is this Government’s No. 1 mission.
From the next financial year, South Yorkshire combined authority will receive a single flexible funding pot through its integrated settlement, and the East Midlands combined authority will benefit from a new advanced manufacturing and logistics park, unlocking up to £1 billion of investment.
Both areas will benefit from £240 million of investment towards trailblazers to tackle economic inactivity.
The speciality steel site at Stocksbridge in my constituency has a strategically significant, highly specialist capability to produce world-leading steel that is crucial to our national defence, aerospace and energy industries.
The site employs 650 people and has an excellent skills training centre.
I welcome the Government’s £2.5 billion commitment to our UK steel industry.
What discussions has the Chancellor had with the Department for Business and Trade to ensure that the Government do everything they can to secure the British steel industry by using our domestic steel assets productively, and in particular the Stocksbridge speciality steel site?
Although I will not get into detailed discussions about one individual company, last year the Government set out the £2.5 billion steel fund in the Budget to preserve and grow steel manufacturing in the UK.
In the trade deals we have secured with the US and with the EU in the last couple of weeks, we have reduced tariffs on steel exports, which will be good for the British steel industry.
Shockingly, in Derby South 62% of adults in the community are financially vulnerable, which is far above the national average of 38%.
To lift people out of this vicious cycle, we need a growing economy, but for those who are worried about how they will make it to the next payday, dreading an unexpected bill or struggling to feed their family, the benefits of growth can feel miles out of reach.
Will the Chancellor outline how her plan for growth will put money in people’s pockets and deliver change for those in our struggling communities?
We will shortly publish a financial inclusion strategy, as well as extending the household support fund to support some of the most vulnerable.
There are huge opportunities in Derby, as my hon.
Friend knows.
I was at Rolls Royce in Derby just last week.
What we are doing on trade deals, particularly with the US, hugely supports our aerospace sector, along with the increased spending on defence to 2.5% of GDP, which helps to invest in Great British firms and, indeed, in Great British steel.
I am aware that Derby’s economy was blighted last November by a foul smell said to be emanating from its local water treatment works.
Similar is true of my constituency, due to the failure of Southern Water’s air scrubbing system.
Will the Chancellor ensure that the spending review grants the Environment Agency the resources it needs to crack down on smell nuisances so that the water companies get a grip on the matter, for the benefit of local growth and our economy?
Supplementary questions must be relevant to the question on the Order Paper—forget it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government are securing economic growth.
Last week, the numbers published showed that the economy grew by 0.7% in the first quarter of this year, including an 8% increase year on year in investment spending.
We are now the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Since the general election, there have been four cuts in interest rates, 200,000 jobs created and three trade deals secured.
Britain’s economy is stronger, but I will continue to do everything in my power to ensure that working people are better off.
Westminster is once again buzzing with the latest U-turns, speculation and briefings over the Chancellor’s policies on the winter fuel allowance and the two-child benefit cap.
There is less of a buzz for the visitors to Canterbury food bank, however, which last month distributed enough food to make 13,545 meals, in a 47% rise on the same period last year.
Will the Chancellor end the serious anxiety of those experiencing fuel and food poverty now and reverse those policies?
The only reason that we have been able to grow the economy and get those cuts in interest rates, which help working families in Canterbury and right across our country, is because we have returned stability to our economy.
That means never making a policy commitment without being able to say where the money comes from, which is what got our country into a mess under the previous Government.
We have set out the policies that we needed to put investment into the NHS and secure our public finances.
I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the official opening of the Charles Hammond berth.
As she knows, we set up Great British Energy in Scotland, bringing forward £300 million of investment ahead of the spending review to secure jobs and supply chains.
Funding for the Port of Cromarty Firth, announced in March, is expected to support up to 1,000 highly skilled jobs, while our uplift to the clean energy bonus will support offshore wind supply chains across the country.
That is yet another example of the Government working with business and of a Labour Government delivering for the people of Scotland.