In the Budget the Government reduced business rates relief, which is hitting small businesses hard.
Under current plans, in the next financial year small independent businesses could see their rates go up by 80% and chains could see theirs go down by 40%.
I have shared that analysis with Ministers; will the Chancellor please promise that she will look at it personally to ensure that this—I think—unintended consequence does not come to pass and independent businesses do not close, leaving even more of our high streets looking the same?
The hon.
Lady will know that in the Budget, at a cost of about £1.5 billion, we were able to extend business rates relief, which was due to end entirely under the plans we had inherited from the Conservative party.
As she will also know, we are reforming the way in which business rates work so that there are permanently lower rates for hospitality and retail sectors, particularly on our high streets.
What progress she has made on updating the Green Book.
What comparative assessment she has made of the potential impact of rules for assessing value for money in public spending on levels of funding allocated in the south-east and the north of England.
In January, I announced a review of the Green Book to ensure that it is supporting fair, objective and transparent advice on public investment across the country, and I am working closely with our mayors, particularly Steve Rotheram, who has championed this issue.
Since January, the Treasury has been in conversation with over 70 different organisations and individuals regionally and nationally to identify areas where we can make changes to the Green Book and champion investment in the north of England.
Bear with me on this, Mr Speaker.
The previous Conservative Government did not get absolutely everything wrong.
They rightly identified that Treasury spending was a powerful tool to rebalance our economy in favour of areas like ours in the north of England.
They then failed to deliver, and voters delivered their verdict at the ballot box.
This Government have the opportunity to use this powerful tool and ensure that regional disparities are not further entrenched when they look at the Green Book.
What reassurance can the Chancellor give my constituents that projects such as repairing Stepping Hill hospital, or bringing the tram-train to Marple, will get a fair crack of the Treasury spending whip?
I totally agree with the hon.
Lady.
The plans that we inherited from the Conservative party saw capital spending decline as a share of GDP, which is totally the wrong decision if we want to grow the economy and improve prospects in towns and cities across the north of England.
Over the course of this Parliament, we are putting £113 billion more into capital spending so that we can build the road and rail infrastructure, the energy infrastructure, the digital infrastructure and the housing that our country desperately needs.
Under our reforms to the Green Book, we will make sure that we get more investment to the places that need it, including towns and cities in the north of England.
I am grateful to have secured Thursday’s Adjournment debate on the A66 road improvement project—a key transport link between Cumbria, the north-east and North Yorkshire.
Cumbria is a long way from Westminster, and many of us fear that the economic case for major projects is stacked in favour of the economically active south-east.
Can the Chancellor reassure me that Cumbria will not be disadvantaged when key public spending decisions are taken?
My hon.
Friend is a staunch defender of his constituency and region.
We will make decisions at the spending review, which we will publish on  11 June , but as a proud northern MP, I am absolutely determined that the north gets its fair share of investment.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support growth in the night-time economy.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support growth in the night-time economy in Essex.
The night-time economy, and the hospitality sector more widely, is the beating heart of our cultural life, bringing to life the places we all call home.
That is why this Government have cut draught duty and introduced a fairer, permanent business rates system.
We all want our pubs, clubs and restaurants to thrive.
Last month, I met representatives of Bournemouth town centre’s night-time economy at one of the newest additions to our high street, Barbara’s Bier Haus.
The sector is incredibly resilient but is grappling with a number of challenges, such as changing consumer behaviour and rising costs.
One issue that is common across our hospitality and retail sectors is prohibitively high business rates.
Can the Minister update us on the progress that we are making towards business rates reform, and tell us how this will give the night-time economy the security it needs to be prosperous?
I completely recognise my hon.
Friend’s point.
Last autumn, alongside announcing immediate support for retail, hospitality and leisure properties, the Government published a discussion paper setting out our priorities for wider reform, and I know the Exchequer Secretary has met a wide range of businesses on this subject.
We are delivering permanently lower business rates for these sectors, and we will announce further policy details at the Budget in the autumn.
The Kursaal in Southend—the site of the first theme park in Europe—and the Freight House in Rochford were once iconic venues in my community and central to the night-time economy.
Over the last 14 years, venues have been forced to close and heritage buildings have been left empty.
What steps are the Minister and his Cabinet colleagues taking to protect the iconic heritage and cultural venues that are the backbone of our evening and local economies?
I have missed out on the particular historical gems that my hon.
Friend mentions, but my daughter is a big fan of Southend
so obviously I agree with him wholeheartedly.
And the Government agree with my hon.
Friend, which is why last December we announced the largest round of the community ownership fund, awarding £36 million to 85 projects across the UK.
In fact, I agree with my hon.
Friend so much that my own office is in the rejuvenated Albert Hall in Swansea, which has had previous incarnations as a cinema, a bingo venue and a music venue—but behaviour in that building is much better these days.
Just a few weeks ago, I held a roundtable in my constituency with UKHospitality and hospitality businesses, such as hotels, night-time economy businesses and pubs.
It was just after the first national insurance rise payment, which means that those businesses are devastated and are having fewer jobs, fewer apprentices and less investment.
What they are worried about, as they look to the future, is whether the Chancellor will be raising taxes again in the coming months.
Can the Minister assure my businesses that the Chancellor will not be coming back for more?
What the sector is doing is welcoming the trade deals done by the Government yesterday.
What it is worried about is a Conservative party that  cannot bring itself to welcome a single trade deal with any country around the world.
The party of Robert Peel has turned its back on the entire world.
The Hop Tub in Hurstpierpoint, the Hop Sun in Haywards Heath and the Brickworks in Burgess Hill are three fantastic microbreweries serving the constituents of Mid Sussex.
Given the pressures of national insurance and the challenges of business rates, what is the Treasury doing to support these innovative businesses?
I think everybody in this House enjoys the proliferation of microbreweries around the country, which is why the Government are supporting draught beer and cider by knocking 1p off the price of a pint at the Budget last year.
It is important not only that we support our pubs, but the brewers who produce the content that is sold in them.