I begin by thanking the Prime Minister for what he has said about Gaza.
The message he is sending to Netanyahu’s far-right Government could not be clearer, and it should have the unanimous support of this House.
It is essentially, “This must stop.”
Turning to the grown-up EU deal, which comes hard on the heels of the two other recent trade agreements, the Government are rightly confident that those deals will be popular and will provide great benefits to our country.
As such, I ask the Prime Minister this: why not take this opportunity to fix a glaring hole in our democracy and simply put those agreements to a vote, allowing them to be scrutinised by this place?
I can assure him that they will be passed.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, there is a process for implementing any agreement.
All of these agreements will require legislation, and therefore they will go through the House on that basis.
Can I just point out to the Prime Minister that nothing can undo the fact that 17.5 million people voted leave?
They voted to take back control of our laws and stop paying money to the EU.
That was a considerably larger number than the 9.7 million people who voted Labour at the last election, but now the Prime Minister is submitting to EU regulations without any control and starting to pay money back to the European Union—he is giving up control over our laws and restoring payments to the European Union.
He will pay a bitter political price for this betrayal.
The hon.
Gentleman knows full well that we had red lines about not rejoining the EU—no single market, no customs union and no freedom of movement.
We were told that it was impossible to negotiate a better deal with the EU with those red lines, but we have just done it.
We have also shown that we are outside the EU, because as the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, having deals with India and the US is inconsistent with membership of the EU.
There could be no better evidence that we are not going back into the EU; nor are these negotiations on that basis.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman understands that well, so I am surprised at the way in which he has put his question.
As for control of borders, net migration quadrupled after Brexit to nearly a million.
That was not controlling our borders; it was a complete lack of control by the Conservative party.
On the question of payments, it is important to appreciate that we have achieved unprecedented access to EU markets without the budgetary payments of member states.
That is an incredible achievement.
The only payment under the SPS agreement is administrative—to support the relevant costs of implementing and administering the scheme.
For schemes and payments where it is in our national interest, we will negotiate proportionate contributions, as already happens under the deal negotiated by the Conservatives—for example, in relation to research and development and Horizon.
The hon.
Gentleman knows all that very well.