I struggle to see how removing automatic oversight of assisted deaths squares with a commitment to enact legislation with the “strongest safeguards in the world”.
By doing so, the Bill sets a lower bar for scrutiny and review, and creates an information deficit.
Put another way, we simply do not know what we do not know.
Implementing a novel piece of legislation such as this without ensuring the most robust possible scrutiny of deaths taking place under the Act is astonishing.
Under the Bill, assisted deaths would be the outlier, as any other intentionally procured death would automatically be reviewed by a coroner.
Why should deaths under this legislation be any different?
Requiring automatic scrutiny from a coroner for assisted deaths should not be viewed as an add-on at the end of the process or perhaps just a safety net, although it is that.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
No, I have already said that I am not going take any further interventions.
I have been very generous with my time.
It is imperative to consider the whole picture, particularly regarding malpractice or coercion—whether that be on the part of medical professionals, families or third parties.
In written evidence to the Committee, Dr Rees Johnson, a legal expert from Essex Law School, highlights that, in some cultures, “decision-making is a collective process involving family and community members.”
This approach, combined with the Bill’s provision for signing by proxy in clause 19, “potentially creates opportunities for coercion or abuse, particularly where family members have conflicting financial, social or emotional burdens.”
Without a coroner’s inquest, Dr Johnson notes that “we would lose the ability to fully and properly investigate the possibility of where coercion or abuse took place” in such culturally sensitive situations.
Investigation of assisted deaths by coroners is not a luxury; it is a vital safeguard, without which people will fall through the cracks.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
No. Beyond coercion, automatic inquests provide vital opportunities to identify other critical issues that may not otherwise be picked up.
Without a coroner’s inquest, there would be no post-mortem examination.
This is not merely an academic point; studies have shown that autopsy reveals that one in four cases have been misdiagnosed.
Without this oversight, as His Honour Judge Thomas Teague KC, the former chief coroner, notes, there is “no certain means of knowing whether the approved substance has led to a quick and painless death, or a lingering and distressing one, or even whether it had failed to cause death altogether and the deceased had been dispatched by manual asphyxiation or some other unlawful means.”
I am not sure whether that could be more clear.
The view of experts in this area—both the Royal College of Pathologists and the former chief coroner of England and Wales—is that this Bill’s proposals, as drafted, are not fit for purpose.
I strongly urge hon.
Members to support my amendment (a) to new clause 15.
rose— May I informally suggest that we aim for speeches of around six minutes?
I call Paul Waugh to provide a good example.
I rise to speak in support of the amendment in my name, which seeks to strengthen new clause 14 tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) .
Why do  we want to restrict advertising about assisted dying?
It is not just because such adverts could appear crass or insensitive, or because we worry that private companies could profiteer from death, but because advertisers know that they influence choices.
The issue of choice, whether it is informed choice, skewed choice, self-coercion or coercive control, as has already been mentioned, is, in many ways, at the heart of the Bill and whether its safeguards are sufficient.
My brother works in advertising and he knows its power.
It is why companies spend billions of pounds  on it, why Google is the giant that it is, why we see  lots of adverts at Westminster tube station trying to  influence every single one of us, and why X is full of ads.
Advertising works because we human beings are suggestible, and prone to messaging, visual cues and hints.
Older people are bombarded with adverts for everything from stairlifts to care homes.
One person’s advert, though, is another person’s public information campaign.
It is not impossible to imagine a future Secretary of State, who passionately believes in the merits of assisted dying, authorising such a campaign.
It could be a Government-approved plotline in a soap opera, or an ad read out by a podcaster that ever so subtly sounds like a news item, or even their own opinion.
Many in this House rightly try to protect teenagers from online harms, but the online harm of an ad for a website about assisted dying shared on TikTok could be a reality without the tighter safeguards in my amendment.