Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not—sorry.
New clause 15 and amendment 54 make changes to the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 that the Bill would necessitate.
They would insert a new clause into the Act to provide that deaths that occur in accordance with the Bill will be certified by an attending practitioner and medical examiner and will not be subject to a coronial investigation.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am afraid not.
Coroners investigate suspicious or violent deaths, or situations in which the cause of death is unknown.
Assisted deaths would not fall into these categories, and there would therefore be no need for a default coronial investigation.
This will ensure that any unnecessary delays and distress for bereaved families are avoided.
These are not unexpected deaths; sadly, they were inevitable.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will not, I am afraid.
It is the manner and timing of their death about which the patient will make a legal, informed choice, having been thoroughly assessed.
As Professor Aneez Esmail has said, “I cannot think of any death that would be the subject of greater scrutiny in advance of the person dying than an assisted death.
The process far exceeds the level of safeguarding that is in place for many of the deaths that are, at present, routinely reviewed by medical examiners and not referred to a coroner.”
Of course, anyone can report a death—including an assisted death—to the coroner, or indeed to the police, if they have any concerns that it was not carried out in accordance with the Act, and if any offences have been committed, they will be investigated.
Subsection (2) of new clause 15 requires that the medical certificate of cause of death must state the death as an assisted death, but it must also record the illness or disease that caused the person to be terminally ill and enabled them to receive assistance under the Act.
This is really important for data collection and monitoring.
In jurisdictions with similar legislation, around 70% of patients have some form of cancer, and the new clause would ensure that data is collected, not only in relation to how many people access assisted dying but in relation to the terminal illnesses that make them eligible.
I now turn to new clause 20, which relates to the guidance about the operation of the Act, including with respect to devolution.
Put simply, new clause 20 ensures that the right rules and responsibilities sit with the right people.
First, it places the obligation to issue guidance with the Secretary of State.
Secondly, it enables Welsh Ministers to issue guidance on devolved matters.
The Secretary of State must consult the chief medical officers in order to have the benefit of their expertise, which is also really important.
New clause 20 also adds a provision that ensures that the Secretary of State must consult people with learning disabilities and people with protected characteristics, which include disability, race, religion and belief.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to make some progress, I am afraid.