I am pleased to support amendment 21 tabled by my good friend, colleague and constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , which has attracted support from across the House.
It would require the Secretary of State to report on the impact that the Act has had on the healthcare available to those with palliative and end-of-life care needs.
I am really pleased that  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  has agreed to accept the amendment.
I am also pleased to support amendments 103 and 104 in the name of my other constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler) .
They seek to make all statutory instruments made under the Act subject to the affirmative procedure rather than the negative procedure.
As it stands, the Act will come into force in four years’ time with no further scrutiny by MPs, yet a whole host of issues that have been delegated to the Secretary of State or have not even been considered will need to be legislated for after Royal Assent.
As the Bill stands, the only way for Parliament to scrutinise those powers will be to call for a 90-minute debate on a motion that cannot be amended and will be voted on only if the Leader of the Opposition calls for a vote.
Making statutory instruments subject to the affirmative procedure rather than the negative procedure would mean that the Secretary of State, whoever that is, can exercise the powers delegated to them only with the   approval of Parliament.
For an issue as sensitive and profound as assisted dying, I believe that to be an appropriate level of scrutiny.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I will make some progress.
In a similar vein, I plan to support the amendments in the name of  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , which seek to remove all Henry VIII powers from the Bill and from the amendments introduced by the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
I will support the right hon.
Member’s amendments if they are selected for a vote, as I do not believe that the use of Henry VIII powers is appropriate or necessary.
I want to speak against amendment 94 in the name of the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
It appears to be innocuous, but in reality it would reverse the effect of an amendment that I had accepted in Committee.
The Bill as originally drafted would create an enormous constitutional minefield.
It seeks to amend the criminal law of England and Wales, which is a reserved matter for the UK Parliament, and simultaneously to make provision for healthcare, which is a matter devolved to the Senedd in Wales.
The Senedd debated a motion calling on the Welsh Government to support the principles of assisted dying, but it was defeated by 19 votes to 26.
The motion was non-binding, but the Bill gives the UK Parliament the power to impose on the Senedd in Wales a measure that it has expressly said it does not want.
The Bill as amended in Committee would give the Senedd the power to decide for itself when it is ready to bring the Bill into force.
Amendment 94 would reverse that provision and deprive the Senedd of the right to exercise its legitimate powers.
It is not just that the amendment would restore the constitutional loophole that the Committee had closed; it threatens to create real problems and risks for Welsh citizens if the Senedd is forced to implement the Bill before its devolved healthcare system is ready.
I urge fellow Members to have regard to the Committee’s decision and vote against amendment 94.
I will briefly speak in favour of a couple of other amendments.
I remain highly concerned at the idea of a future Secretary of State having the power to change the National Health Service Act 1946—specifically section 1, which sets out the purpose for which the NHS exists—by using regulations instead of an Act Parliament.
Once that power exists, it can be used not once, but at any time, to make fundamental changes to what our NHS is for.
I was dismayed to see a change of this magnitude made to the Bill in Committee, and I will vote for amendment 12, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) , to reverse it.
Amendment 42, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , seeks to remove the automatic commencement of this Bill after four years.
For the vast majority of Acts of Parliament, the Secretary of State decides when to bring the key provisions into force, rather than it happening automatically.
The effect of the provisions of this Bill is that even if we have a covid pandemic or the Secretary of State realises  that the adequate training has not yet been completed, it will still come into force—come what may—after four years.
That is not safe.
It is unusual and reckless, and for that reason I support amendment 42.
Amendment 13, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson) , would require the appointment of the new voluntary assisted dying commissioner to be approved by the Health and Social Care Committee.
The commissioner, a role created from scratch, will be a high-profile, influential and important position.
Adding a second layer of approval would add more rigour to the appointment process, and provide transparency in the event of any problems that arise.
It is vital that Members of this House have the opportunity to scrutinise and debate that new role, which was not included in the Bill on Second Reading.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing me to rise to speak to new clause 6, which proposes a special representative for ethnic minorities.
I am not white, as some Members may have noticed.
The fact that my presence in this House is unremarkable is in and of itself remarkable.
That did not happen by chance; it happened because of those who came before me.
The Mother of the House, my right hon.
Friend   the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , has spoked powerfully in this debate, and I know that my unremarkable presence here is due to her remarkable achievements.
We may not always hold the same opinions, but we have always shared the same Labour values.
She will never know how grateful we all are to her.
I may be part of the last generation of MPs who can say this to her while she is in the House: thank you.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  has spoken powerfully in this debate, and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Walsall and Bloxwich (Valerie Vaz)  has tabled new clause 6.
I know I stand on their shoulders too, and I do not doubt their good intentions, but this Bill has nothing to do with the colour of my skin.
New clause 6 proposes a special representative for ethnic minorities.
I disagree with the new clause, because the colour of my skin has no bearing here and no special place in this debate.
Equalities data will be reported through the Equality and Human Rights Commission, as set out in clause 51, and the Secretary of State can already consult community representatives.
For every person of every skin colour, this Bill gives those already dying a choice to end their suffering— Order.
We need to make sure that contributions are tied to the amendments.
We are not debating the general points of the Bill—we have gone past that.
The hon.
Gentleman is making more of a Third Reading speech, which he might want to save.
It is to the point of where we are— Order.
I will make that decision.
Please do not challenge the Chair.
I do apologise, Mr Speaker.
What I meant to say is that new clause 6 would introduce a special representative for ethnic minorities, and I am trying to explore why we do not need one.
A duty to consult is already included in clause 51.
This is a very sensitive issue.
There is data to support the fact that people from minoritised ethnic groups are less likely to trust their health professionals—the figure is 18% among the general public, but as high as 30% among those groups.
Does my hon.
Friend not think it is necessary to make sure there are additional protections for those who face additional barriers, such as people from minoritised ethnic groups?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point, and other hon.
Members have also spoken powerfully about the impact that the Bill could have on ethnic minorities.
Does any hon.
Member know how many ethnic minorities access assisted dying in other nations?
I will give way on this point;  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)  raised it earlier.
The hon.
Member calls me to speak.
If we do not know, it is probably because those other nations are not collecting the data.
My position is that we should be collecting the data, which is why hon.
Members should vote for my new clause 19.
We do know.
Ethnic minorities are less likely to access assisted dying in jurisdictions where it is in place.
In Oregon, 10% of those accessing assisted dying are ethnic minorities, but they make up 40% of the population.
In California, ethnic minorities make up 15% of people accessing the option, but 30% of the population.
However, that is not the point.
The point of the Bill is to give people the choice to end their life regardless of the colour of their skin.
There is no special quality about the colour of my skin that affects my access or the need for a special representative in this case, which is covered by the ECHR and by the Secretary of State.
I am quite perplexed by my hon.
Friend’s speech, but I would like to understand whether he has data related to the demographics of those jurisdictions compared with the UK.
If he does, could he present it to the House to support his argument?
I have spent a lot of time around data, but I am not sure that I understand the question.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I will make a bit more progress.
This has been a heated debate, and hon.
Members on both sides of the House feel strongly about it.
I am grateful to Members who came before me, who made my place here possible and who have spoken so powerfully and movingly in this debate, but I believe—and the evidence shows—that the colour of my skin does not belong in discussion of the Bill.
I rise to speak to amendment (a) to new clause 15, tabled in my name, which I hope hon.
Members will support.
Although it may seem technical, it is in fact a simple amendment  with a significant impact.
It will ensure that there is genuine protection against abuse, proper detection of coercion, and effective scrutiny of how the law works in practice.
Simply put, it will ensure that deaths from assisted dying under the Bill will still fall within the coroner’s duty to investigate deaths under section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
I will explain why that is important.
Like many hon.
Members, I have been deeply concerned from the outset about how the Bill is drafted, its workability, and its impact on the NHS and on the lives of vulnerable people up and down the country.
To be clear, my view is that one unintended death as a result of the Bill becoming law is one too many.
I humbly ask hon.
Members who are still considering their position, or who are minded to support the Bill, to consider this point about my amendment carefully: what is an acceptable error rate?
Based on the figures in the Government’s impact assessment, which I think underestimates the impact, even a 1% error rate would see a minimum of 13 wrongful deaths in year 1, with 45 per year by year 10.
A 5% error rate would see 65 deaths in year 1 and 227 in year 10.
A 10% error rate would see 131 deaths in year 1 and 455 in year 10.
As I say, I think those are low-ball estimates, but they are nevertheless chilling.
If this law is passed, it will be exceptionally difficult to say whether there have been errors or instances of abuse; or, at the very least, any errors picked up will be but a fraction of the true picture, as tragically those who would testify to the fact will already be dead.
My amendment (a) to new clause 15 directly addresses that issue.
In England and Wales, a coroner will investigate a death when certain legal conditions are met.
This duty is primarily governed by section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
Judge Thomas Teague KC, who served until 2024 as the chief coroner of England and Wales, notes: “any death arising as a consequence of the ingestion or administration of a lethal substance constitutes an unnatural death which the local coroner is under a statutory duty to investigate”.
Clearly, assisted dying meets that definition, and it is right that such deaths be afforded the best possible posthumous judicial scrutiny.
Does the hon.
Lady not feel that the provisions in the Bill already have safeguards?
Also, and most importantly, does she not feel that putting a family through a coronial process when the death is expected is unfair, unjust and completely beyond the bounds of what coroners are meant to do?
On the first point, I do not believe that the Bill is strong enough as it stands.
On the second point, we are already dealing with the fact that families are not even guaranteed knowledge of their loved one having an assisted death, so I do not think the hon.
Lady’s point is entirely to be considered.
As it stands, the Bill would disapply the duty of the coroner to investigate in the case of an assisted death that has been carried out in accordance with the Bill’s provisions.
New clause 15, specifically, would amend the Coroners and Justice Act to clarify that assisted death does not constitute “unnatural death” for the purposes of the Act.
I think it takes an extraordinary  leap of imagination not to conceive of deliberately self-administering lethal drugs as anything but an unnatural death.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way; I want to support her in what she is saying.
We are going through a process, as we consider the appalling situation of coercive control in domestic abuse cases, where a person who is a victim may not realise they have been a victim until years later.
Obviously, a person who has gone through an assisted death will have no years later.
Is the amendment not a way of making sure that we guard against the evil of coercive control?