The Secretary of State must also consult providers of health and care services, including palliative and end-of-life care.
I am really pleased that Hospice UK is supporting this amendment—it is very important that those voices are heard.
The Secretary of State can also consult anyone else they feel to be appropriate, creating a flexible and holistic approach.
Turning to devolution, this long-overdue reform would apply to England and Wales, which share a criminal justice system.
Health is a devolved matter, of course, and I have recognised from the outset that the legislation must respect devolution.
I am fully committed to observing the same conventions that the Government would if this were a Government Bill.
I have worked with UK Government officials to ensure that the right steps are taken at the right time by the right people.
I have engaged with colleagues in the Welsh Government—I met the Welsh Health Minister in Cardiff, and there have been ongoing detailed discussions between the two teams of Government officials to ensure the workability of the legislation in both jurisdictions, in line with the devolution settlement.
Amendments 92 to 95 also ensure that the devolution settlement is respected and adhered to.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Dwyfor Meirionnydd (Liz Saville Roberts)  and  the hon.
Member for Chesham and Amersham (Sarah Green) , not only for their diligent work on the Bill Committee but for working with me on the amendments in relation to Wales, and I thank the Welsh Government for their guidance and support.
I hope that colleagues across the House can support these new clauses and amendments.
I now turn to new clause 21, which makes specific provision about the use of the Welsh language.
The conversations that happen at the end of a person’s life are extremely personal and should be handled with the utmost sensitivity.
It is very important that they are conducted in the best interests of the patient, and a big part of that is using clear communication.
In this respect, language matters, so if a patient in Wales has Welsh as their first or preferred language, all efforts should be made to ensure they can communicate with voluntary assisted dying services in Welsh.
I committed to this in Committee, and have made good on that commitment.
Turning to amendments 76 and 77, as with any Bill, it is important that the amending legislation secures overall coherence with the statute book.
As such, the clauses relating to medicines, advertising and employment protections amend, or confer power to amend, other legislation that currently extends to parts of the UK.
Of course, this does not mean the provision of assisted dying, but, for example, they extend the prohibition on advertising to the whole of the UK and apply the employment protections in the Bill to Scotland.
That is in line with the guidance I have received from legal experts, and as such I hope all colleagues can support these amendments.
If the Bill passes, I will, if necessary, work with other devolved Administrations in the same way as I have worked with the Welsh Government to ensure that devolution is respected.
That concludes the explanations of the amendments tabled in my name.
Many colleagues are keen to speak, so I am not going to comment on all the amendments in the group; I will just make two comments about amendments that are not in my name, and allow other people plenty of time to speak.
Amendment 42, tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , would not only try to remove the backstop for the provision of assisted dying in England, but create a number of other issues in relation to commencement.
If Parliament chooses to give this choice to terminally ill people, there cannot be a clause in the Bill that would prevent that from being available as soon as it was safe and practicable.
But the amendment would remove the four-year backstop.
It would also prevent the appointment of the voluntary assisted dying commissioner and create a potential commencement gap between England and Wales.
Given that, I have been strongly advised that the amendment would create serious workability issues.
I urge colleagues who want an operable Bill to join me in rejecting the amendment.
To finish, I am pleased to support amendment 21, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) .
I thank her for her engagement with the Bill and the amendment, which would require the Secretary of State to prepare and publish an assessment of the availability, quality and distribution of palliative and end-of-life care, as part of the first report on the implementation of the Act, mirroring the assessment already required as part of the five-year review.
Although the Bill seeks to address what in some respects is a very specific issue in terms of the failings of the current law, it has become part of a much-needed broader conversation about death, dying and end-of-life care.
We all have our own experiences of death, loss and grief, and we do not talk about them enough.
I am really pleased that the Bill has led to many conversations up and down the country; whatever our views, that has to be a positive thing.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I have nearly finished.
I have had many such conversations over recent months with those who support the amendment, including with palliative care doctors, nurses, hospice staff, GPs, Hospice UK and Marie Curie.
I thank them all for their constructive engagement with the Bill.
I cannot imagine that anyone in this place is not truly grateful for the outstanding work done every day by the wonderful people working in palliative and end-of-life care in every one of our constituencies.
Many of us, if not most of us, will have personal experience of the kindness and compassion that those people have shown to our own families and friends.
But this is not an either/or conversation.
Palliative and end-of-life care and assisted dying can and do work side by side to give terminally ill patients the care and choice that they deserve in their final days.
Just as there should not be an either/or for dying people, there should also not be an either/or for us as legislators in having to choose between supporting assisted dying or other end-of-life choices.
That is why I am supporting amendment 21:   to ensure that in this place we channel our energies into supporting all options available to terminally ill people—something that I have always committed to do.
It is a privilege to be called at this stage in the debate.
My principal reason for voting against the Bill on Second Reading was my concern that vulnerable people would be put at risk.
I agreed to serve on the Bill Committee to do what I could to allay my concerns about that issue and address some of the issues raised by others.
I do not think that the revised version of the Bill properly or completely reflects the concerns expressed on a multitude of different occasions.
Consequently, it does not fully mitigate the risks to vulnerable groups.
We all recognise that decision making of any kind does not take place in a vacuum and that, in all parts of life, we live in a particular context.
The Equality Act 2010 recognises that many people face discrimination or unfair treatment as a result of particular characteristics and that reasonable steps should be taken to eliminate that.
It was very clear from the oral evidence sessions that particular care has to be taken to assess the context within which people are making the decision to seek an assisted death: if they suffer from a mental illness or eating disorder, if they are from a low-income or ethnic minority background, if they suffer from a disability or if they are in an abusive relationship.
Those factors are likely to lead to an increased risk that someone will seek an assisted death that they would not have sought if those factors were not present.
In Committee, I and others made the point that it would have been desirable to have received an equality impact assessment before the detailed work of Committee scrutiny had begun, so that Committee members had a sense of how the proposed legislation would impact groups that we know can suffer disproportionate levels of disadvantage.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not, if that is okay.
We were told that it was not practical to produce such an assessment until after Committee stage, as it would be necessary to assess the impact of amendments made in Committee.
The equality impact assessment was finally published five weeks ago.
I have to say that I was pretty astounded.
It does not recognise that certain groups in this country may have their lives prematurely shortened as a result of this legislation; instead, it concerns itself with the barriers that vulnerable people may face when trying to access assisted dying.
I find that astonishing.
Did the people who drafted the assessment not hear the speech of  the hon.
Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  on Second Reading?
She spoke with passion about how the underlying inequalities in access to healthcare experienced by those from black and minority ethnic backgrounds would be exacerbated if the Bill passed unamended.
Did they not listen to the oral evidence that Dr Jamilla Hussain gave to the Bill Committee?
She talked about her experience of working   with racialised communities in Bradford and their fears of being pushed disproportionately towards an assisted dying pathway.
Did they not listen to the testimony of Dr Miro Griffiths on the experience and concerns  of disabled people—testimony that has been echoed  by Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson and the actress  Liz Carr?
I find it inexplicable that the framing of the impact on vulnerable people should be the removal of barriers to accessing assisted dying and not, as it should be, the increased risk to their health and wellbeing that the Bill presents.
I am concerned that we are thinking about the impact on vulnerable people solely with reference to those who are suffering a terminal illness with less than six months to live.
We are not thinking about the impact on wider society of introducing a concept of lives not being worth living and how that might disproportionately affect our more vulnerable communities.
My new clause 19 and consequential new schedule 2 and amendment 88 seek to ensure that a comprehensive range of statistics are collected about those who seek and receive an assisted death, so that proper and complete monitoring of requests can be carried out.
It is imperative that we get the most detailed possible picture of who is requesting an assisted death so that any patterns of disproportionality can be properly detected and addressed.
What assurances does the Bill give to the families of people with a disability, or those with mental health issues and those who are anorexic?
I do not see any.
Does the hon.
Lady see any assurances for those who want to end their lives but suffer from those ailments?