11:45 a.m.

Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies--2024

Organizational business meeting to designate the Chair,

designate the 2025 Inaugural site, approve the

Inaugural budget, and designate official staff

representatives.
S-219

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Sergeant at

Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the United States

Capitol Police.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine protecting consumers'

pocketbooks, focusing on lowering food prices and

combatting corporate price gouging and consolidation.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety

To hold hearings to examine new standards and practices

in mining, focusing on health and safety.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine public safety and

justice resources in Native communities.
Select Committee on Intelligence

Closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence

matters.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
MAY 23

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the National

Aeronautics and Space Administration and for the

National Science Foundation.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine the Older Americans Act,

focusing on the local impact of the law and the

upcoming reauthorization.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and

Education, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the National

Institutes of Health.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the front lines of the

fentanyl crisis, focusing on supporting communities and

combating addiction through prevention and treatment.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 3679, to reauthorize the

Dr. Lorna Breen Health Care Provider Protection Act, S.

3765, to amend the Public Health Service Act to

reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children

program, S. 4351, to amend the Public Health Service

Act to reauthorize certain poison control programs, S.

3775, to amend the Public Health Service Act to

reauthorize the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's

Act, S. 4325, to amend the Public Health Service Act to

reauthorize the program relating to lifespan respite

care, S. 3757, to reauthorize the congenital heart

disease research, surveillance, and awareness program

of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, S.

4045, to require a study on public health impacts as a

consequence of the February 3, 2023, train derailment

in East Palestine, Ohio, the nomination of Stephen H.

Ravas, of Maryland, to be Inspector General,

Corporation for National and Community Service, and

other pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for Indian Country.
JUNE 4

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine supporting Georgia's

sovereignty and democracy.
TBA

JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.