Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
87

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 21, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 22

Time to be announced

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 3772, to amend the Small

Business Act to require that plain writing statements

regarding the solicitation of subcontractors be

included in certain subcontracting plans, S. 3971, to

amend the Small Business Act to require reporting on

additional information with respect to small business

concerns owned and controlled by women, qualified

HUBZone small business concerns, and small business

concerns owned and controlled by veterans, S. 4341, to

require plain language and the inclusion of key words

in covered notices that are clear, concise, and

accessible to small business concerns, and an original

bill entitled, ``The STEP Modernization Act of 2024''.
TBA

9:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider S. 4359, to amend the

National Dam Safety Program Act to reauthorize that

Act, S. 3564, to amend title 40, United States Code, to

include Indian Tribes among entities that may receive

Federal surplus real property for certain purposes, S.

3880, to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act

of 2016 to make improvements to that Act, S. 4293, to

designate the United States courthouse annex located at

310 South Main Street in London, Kentucky, as the

``Eugene E. Siler, Jr. United States Courthouse

Annex'', H.R. 4688, to direct the Administrator of

General Services to sell the property known as the

Webster School, and an original bill entitled, ``Water

Resources Development Act of 2024''; to be immediately

followed by a hearing to examine Federal programs for

the circular economy, focusing on state and local

perspectives on efforts to improve reuse and recycling.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security

Administration.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the Family First Prevention

Services Act, focusing on successes, roadblocks, and

opportunities for improvement.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine restoring Congressional

oversight over emergency powers, focusing on exploring

options to reform the National Emergencies Act.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine water scarcity in a changing

climate.
11:45 a.m.

Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies--2024

Organizational business meeting to designate the Chair,

designate the 2025 Inaugural site, approve the

Inaugural budget, and designate official staff

representatives.
S-219

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Sergeant at

Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the United States

Capitol Police.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine protecting consumers'

pocketbooks, focusing on lowering food prices and

combatting corporate price gouging and consolidation.