With many Americans coming together in Monmouth County to celebrate

the commissioning of the USS New Jersey, we also celebrate the long

legacy of tenacity and bravery that the Navy has proved time and time

again.
The brave sailors on all three USS New Jersey vessels, and

vessels across the globe, exemplify the honor, courage, and commitment

stated in the Navy's core values.
As the crew begins their service aboard this exceptional naval

vessel, I am grateful for the devotion each and every one of them has

to serving their country.
I look forward to continuing to support the

USS New Jersey and its' servicemembers in achieving their many missions

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 10, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 11

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine social security, focusing on

delivering benefits and protecting retirement security.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of David

Michael Capozzi, of Maryland, Samuel E. Lathem, of

Delaware, Ronald L. Batory, of New Mexico, and Elaine

Marie Clegg, of Idaho, all to be a Director of the

Amtrak Board of Directors.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Matthew

James Marzano, of Illinois, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Julie

Smith, of Michigan, to be an Under Secretary (Political

Affairs), Stephanie L. Hallett, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, Douglas D. Jones,

of Maryland, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and

Herzegovina, Michael G. Heath, of California, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, and Mary E.

Daschbach, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the

Togolese Republic, all of the Department of State.