Staff members of our office past and present all proclaim that Tim is

the true embodiment of a servant leader.
A trusted advisor and

confidant, Tim always put the needs of the team before himself.
He even

used a tiny, converted bathroom as an office instead of the large

office normally dedicated to the Chief, to allow staff to have a

dedicated space they could hold meetings in.
For Tim, success is never

about individual accomplishments or prestige, but instead about those

around him reaching their highest potential individually and

collectively.
Tim set a culture of camaraderie and support across the team, always

prepared with a shout out or well timed, supportive gif in the Teams

chat.
He had an unparalleled ability to create compromise and identify

a novel path forward after taking into careful consideration all the

options.
Though he rarely mentioned it, his record of military service

brought a much-needed perspective and calm confidence to our team.
Even

in the most difficult congressional moments--it was clear Tim had lived

through much worse.
Tim's humility and expertise were unmatched during

those difficult times.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have Tim's dedication, leadership and unwavering commitment, and he

will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that he will

continue to serve the nation at the U.S. Department of Defense.
I wish

Tim all the best in his future endeavors and thank him dearly for his

23 years of public service to this Nation--and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE 103D ATTACK SQUADRON

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise in

recognition of the distinct achievements and serviceable contributions

of 103d Attack Squadron on the occasion of their 100th anniversary.
For

a century, the men and women of the 103d Attack Squadron have served

our nation with distinction, dedication, resilience, and valor.
As the

oldest flying squadron in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and one of

29 original National Guard observations squadrons, their contributions

to our national defense are immeasurable and their legacy is one of

innovation, excellence and steadfast bravery.
The 103d Attack Squadron traces its lineage back to its formation in

June 1924.
Federally recognized as the 103d Observation Squadron and

commanded by Major Charles Biddle, the 103d has been an integral part

of American military history, participating in nearly every global

conflict since World War II.
The 103d flew a variety of training and

observation aircraft until 1941 when the unit was ordered to active

service, performing anti-submarine patrols along the New England coast.
From 1943 through the end of World War II, the 103d flew photo

reconnaissance missions in the F-5C in the China-Burma-India Theater.
From the end of World War II, the 103d was redesignated over ten

times and has operated continually since its inception.
This unit has

gallantly conducted aerial missions and continually maintained

operational mission readiness in the following capacities: as a

bombardment squadron, a reconnaissance squadron, a military airlift

squadron, a tactical air support squadron, a fighter squadron and,

finally in its current role, as an attack squadron.
The men and women

of the 103d Attack Squadron have skillfully operated over twenty

distinctly different aircraft, providing over a century of global

strike and air superiority capabilities for joint force operations in

austere areas, worldwide.
Their continual adaptation to the war-

fighting environment is a true testament to the resiliency,

adaptability, and reliability of the men and women of this storied

unit.
Their unwavering dedication to duty and willingness to innovate to

meet the needs of the ever-changing battlefIeld landscape is no better

demonstrated than in their most recent transition from manned aircraft

to unmanned aerial systems (UAS).