Throughout eight overseas deployments,

including to Afghanistan and Iraq, his dedication, leadership, and

outstanding service led to his appointment to the prestigious SEAL Team

Six, the Naval Special Warfare Development Group.
Within SEAL Team Six,

Senior Chief Donahue has continued to lead in various capacities,

overseeing numerous training events worldwide and being entrusted with

dignitary protection.
Senior Chief Donahue has received numerous accolades and awards

throughout his career in recognition of his service.
These include five

Sea Service Deployment ribbons, three Presidential Unit Citations, two

Navy and

Marine Corps Commendation Medals, three Navy and Marine Corps

Achievement Medals, one Navy Unit Commendation Medal, a NATO Medal, a

Joint Service Achievement Medal, three Joint Service Commendation

Medals, a Joint Meritorious Unit Award, an Iraq Campaign Medal, six

Good Conduct Medals, an Expeditionary Medal, three Combat Action

Ribbons, a Bronze Star with Valor, an Army Commendation Medal, and an

Afghan Campaign Medal.
Senior Chief Eric Donahue has demonstrated remarkable bravery,

selflessness, and dedication as a Navy SEAL.
He exemplifies the values

of courage, resilience, and sacrifice that we hold dear as Americans.
His leadership will leave a lasting impact on the United States Navy

and our Nation.
I would like to formally recognize and extend my

deepest gratitude to Senior Chief Donahue and his family for their

twenty years of service to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call votes No.
356, 357, and

358 on July 22, 2024.
Had I been present, my votes would have been: Yea

on Roll Call No.
356; Nay on Roll Call No.
357; and Yea on Roll Call

No.
358.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY CHIEF OF STAFF, TIM BERTOCCI, FOR HIS EXCELLENT WORK ON

BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Chief

of Staff, Tim Bertocci, for his work on behalf of every constituent in

Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
In May, Tim departed my

office for a new opportunity serving as the Director of External

Affairs in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special

Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, and I could not be more proud or

grateful for his service.
Tim has an impressive and extensive background in public service and

leadership.
He began his career after graduating from the U.S. Military

Academy at West Point and was commissioned as an Armor officer.
During

his nine years of military service, Tim served in various leadership

positions, to include serving in combat during Operation Iraqi Freedom

III.
Tim also earned a Master of Arts degree from the Security Studies

Program at Georgetown University in 2008.
He has worked in various

roles including the Senior Operations Advisor for the Joint IED Defeat

Organization and as a Foreign Service Officer in Havana, Cuba.
Tim's experience and relationships on the Hill from his time working

in former Congressman Tim Walz' Office were invaluable as we stood up

an office and built a team of bright, motivated, and radically

hospitable public servants.
He helped lead us all through a series of

unexpected and unprecedented events.
On top of his duties as Chief, he

also served as an instructor at the United States Naval Academy where

he taught a class on irregular warfare in the Political Science

Department.
Staff members of our office past and present all proclaim that Tim is

the true embodiment of a servant leader.
A trusted advisor and

confidant, Tim always put the needs of the team before himself.
He even

used a tiny, converted bathroom as an office instead of the large

office normally dedicated to the Chief, to allow staff to have a

dedicated space they could hold meetings in.