Students, neighbors, and alums continue to tout the

skill and energy of the marching band and take every opportunity to

enjoy school spirit and their music.
Booker T. Washington High School deserves a place in history, not

just in the history of Atlanta or Georgia, but of our country.
I hope

you will join me in both recognizing this historic day and in

cosponsoring a resolution to be introduced later this month that will

commemorate the 100th anniversary of Booker T. Washington High School.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING AMERICAN LEGION POST NO.
682 FOR THEIR NEW VETERAN'S

MEMORIAL BRICK WALL

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate the exceptional work demonstrated by American Legion Post No.
682, and to celebrate the unveiling of their Veteran's Memorial Brick

Wall.
For years, American Legion Post No.
682 has selflessly served the

veterans of our community.
As a combat veteran, I believe taking care

of America's heroes when they return home must be a top priority, and

American Legion Post No.
682 has courageously stepped up to the task.
One such way they are honoring America's heroes is with the unveiling

of their Veteran's Memorial Brick Wall, a memorial constructed to

showcase the community's love and recognition of those who have given

all for their country.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this

impressive achievement and congratulate American Legion Post No.
682 on

the unveiling of their Veteran's Memorial Brick Wall.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING BRIGADIER GENERAL CINDY M. SALADIN-MUHAMMAD ON HER

PROMOTION TO BRIGADIER GENERAL

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and congratulate

Brigadier General Cindy M. Saladin-Muhammad on her new position as

Brigadier General within the United States Army, making her the first

Muslim to be promoted to the rank in the history of the United States

of America.
Brigadier General Saladin-Muhammad is an outstanding

officer who has dedicated 40 years of service to the United States Army

and during that time earned countless awards and decorations.
She holds

a variety of degrees including two masters', one in Strategic Studies

and one in Business Administration and holds a doctorate in business

administration.
Brigadier General Saladin-Muhammad has had a stellar

career in the Medical Service Corps, rising through the ranks from an

Environmental Science Engineering Officer in 1995 to assuming command

of multiple support hospitals within the country and abroad.
As we

congratulate Brigadier General on her new position with the United

States Army, I have full confidence that she will serve her position

with conviction and pride just as she's done for the past 40 years.
I

thank her for her service, and congratulate Brigadier General Saladin-

Muhammad.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN ANNA ESHOO

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the incredible service of

my dear friend and 16-term Congresswoman from California,

Representative Anna Eshoo.
Anna has served the people of San Mateo,

Santa Clara, and Santa Cruz counties with great distinction for over

three decades.
She's hardworking, meticulous, and demanding of herself.
In sum, Anna Eshoo is the kind of person every Member of Congress

should be like.
She has built a legacy of fighting for her

constituents, and her leadership in Congress will be greatly missed

upon her retirement.
First elected to Congress in 1992--dubbed ``the Year of the Woman''--

Anna was the first Democrat and first woman in the history of the then-

14th Congressional District to win the Silicon Valley seat.
In

Congress, Anna has been a health care pioneer, a champion for

innovation, a human rights and consumer advocate, a staunch proponent

of clean energy, and a defender of women's reproductive rights.