Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF THELMA HOLTZCLAW MATHEWS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
139

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF THELMA HOLTZCLAW MATHEWS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mrs. Thelma

Holtzclaw Mathews on the occasion of her 100th birthday.
Mrs. Mathews was born on September 26, 1924, and grew up with her

parents and seven siblings in Titus, Alabama.
She moved to Buffalo

fifty-four years ago where she has lived since.
After graduating high school, Mrs. Mathews's top priority was her

family.
Together with the love of her life, Luther, they raised six

incredible children, three daughters and three sons.
Mrs. Mathews'

family continues to grow, with grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
She is most proud to be a wife, mother, grandmother, and great-

grandmother.
When Mrs. Mathews is not with her family, she is with her friends and

neighbors.
They know they can always rely on her for a warm smile and a

laugh.
Deeply devoted to her faith, Mrs. Mathews is an active member of

the Greater Refuge Temple of Christ on Jefferson Avenue.
Further, Mrs. Mathews deeply values civic engagement, having voted in

every presidential election she has been able to.
She was very excited

to vote for the first Black President, President Barack Obama, and is

looking forward to casting her ballot for Vice President Kamala Harris,

the first Black woman nominated by a major party for President.
Today, Mrs. Thelma Holtzclaw Mathews continues to inspire all who

know her, sharing her compassion and dedication to her family, friends,

country, and faith.
Please join me in celebrating Mrs. Thelma Holtzclaw

Mathews on her 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OPENING OF BOOKER T.

WASHINGTON HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
NIKEMA WILLIAMS

Ms. WILLIAMS of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, as students return to school

for the upcoming school year, I rise today to recognize the 100th

Anniversary of the opening of Booker T. Washington High School in

Georgia's Fighting Fifth Congressional District.
In September 1924, the opening of Booker T. Washington High School

marked the first opportunity for Black students in the State of Georgia

to attend a public high school.
This momentous achievement was the

culmination of tireless organizing and a direct result of Atlanta's

Black Community's political power and determination.
In fact, not until the NAACP and Black community leaders conducted a

successful voter registration drive and new Black voters defeated a

school bond referendum in 1919 did promises of a new Black high school

bear fruit, with money from a 1921 school bond used to construct what

would become Booker T. Washington High School.
Black students came from across the state to study at Booker T.

Washington High School, as it remained Georgia's only public high

school for Black students until 1947.
The school's origins in

organizing and collective power are evident in the remarkable alumni it

has produced, including Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., groundbreaking

surgeon and educator Dr. Asa Yancy, State Representative ``Able'' Mable

Thomas, trailblazing lawyer and judge Romae T. Powell, former United

States Secretary for Health and Human Services Dr. Louis Sullivan, and

educator Dr. Pearlie Craft Dove.
From its inception, Booker T. Washington High School has been part of

the fabric ot Atlanta and the State of Georgia and an integral part of

its community.
Students, neighbors, and alums continue to tout the

skill and energy of the marching band and take every opportunity to

enjoy school spirit and their music.
Booker T. Washington High School deserves a place in history, not

just in the history of Atlanta or Georgia, but of our country.
I hope

you will join me in both recognizing this historic day and in

cosponsoring a resolution to be introduced later this month that will

commemorate the 100th anniversary of Booker T. Washington High School.