SEPTEMBER 12

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lieutenant

General Steven S. Nordhaus, USAF, to be general and

Chief of the National Guard Bureau, and Vice Admiral

Alvin Holsey, USN, to be admiral and Commander, United

States Southern Command, both of the Department of

Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine protecting Americans' money,

focusing on combatting scams and frauds against seniors

and savers.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

lead role in conducting advanced computing research,

application, and security.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the 2025 tax policy debate

and tax avoidance strategies.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the bankruptcy of Steward

Health Care, focusing on how management decisions have

impacted patient care.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, S. 2220, to amend title

35, United States Code, to invest in inventors in the

United States, maintain the United States as the

leading innovation economy in the world, and protect

the property rights of the inventors that grow the

economy of the United States, S. 2140, to amend title

35, United States Code, to address matters relating to

patent subject matter eligibility, S. 4713, to amend

chapter 11 of title 35, United States Code, to require

the voluntary collection of demographic information for

patent inventors, S. 2082, to make technical

corrections relating to the Justice Against Sponsors of

Terrorism Act, and the nominations of Ryan Young Park,

of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge

for the Fourth Circuit, Byron B. Conway, to be United

States District Judge for the Eastern District

of Wisconsin, Jonathan E. Hawley, to be United States

District Judge for the Central District of Illinois,

April M. Perry, to be United States District Judge for

the Northern District of Illinois, Gail A. Weilheimer,

to be United States District Judge for the Eastern

District of Pennsylvania, and Joseph R. Adams, to be

United States Marshal for the Northern District of West

Virginia, and David L. Lemmon II, to be United States

Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia,

both of the Department of Justice.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine anti-NGO laws and other tools

of democratic repression.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.