The men and women

of the 103d Attack Squadron have skillfully operated over twenty

distinctly different aircraft, providing over a century of global

strike and air superiority capabilities for joint force operations in

austere areas, worldwide.
Their continual adaptation to the war-

fighting environment is a true testament to the resiliency,

adaptability, and reliability of the men and women of this storied

unit.
Their unwavering dedication to duty and willingness to innovate to

meet the needs of the ever-changing battlefIeld landscape is no better

demonstrated than in their most recent transition from manned aircraft

to unmanned aerial systems (UAS).
The professionals of the 103d Attack

Squadron employ the General Atomics MQ-9 in combat air patrols that

directly support combatant commanders across the globe providing

intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance gathering capabilities,

combat search and rescue, and precision weapons employment in close air

support operations.
The 103d Attack Squadron is critical to the

development and implementation of tactics, techniques and procedures

used across the globe in MQ-9 missions.
Throughout its long history, the 103d Attack Squadron has embodied

the core values of the United States Air Force: Integrity First,

Service Before Self, and Excellence in All We Do.
They have safeguarded

the nation's skies, provided critical support in times of war, and

stood ready to respond when called upon.
Their aircrew and superior

operational support personnel have been, and continue to be, some of

the most skilled and dedicated Airmen in the world.
As we celebrate this historic milestone, it is my distinct honor to

celebrate those who have faithfully served in the 103d Attack Squadron

over the past century.
Their sacrifices and those of their families

have ensured our freedom and security.
It is with deep gratitude that

we acknowledge their service and pay tribute to their bravery.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the

100th anniversary of the 103d Attack Squadron and in extending a

heartfelt thank you to the men and women who have served, and continue

to serve, in this distinguished unit.
May the next 100 years of Airmen

serve with the same valor, honor, dignity, and dedication to duty as

the exemplary men and women of the 103d Attack Squadron have so

expertly demonstrated over the last century of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE USS NEW JERSEY

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

Commissioning of the Naval Vessel, the USS New Jersey on September 14,

2024.
The third naval vessel named after the great State of New Jersey,

this Virginia class submarine is a nuclear-powered cruise missile fast-

attack vessel that will prove invaluable to the efficacy of our great

Navy.
After rigorous tests and trials at sea, this ship has proved its

capability to perform her designed mission and join America's strong

Naval fleet.
Upon being commissioned.
the USS New Jersey will welcome our brave

sailors from the Commanding Officer to the crew who are entrusted with

maintaining and operating the submarine during peacetime and time of

war.
Not just a phrase but a guiding light through high seas and

troubled times, the submarine's motto--Firepower for Freedom--inspires

all of its crew members to preserve our Nation's values in fighting for

valor and freedom across the globe.
With many Americans coming together in Monmouth County to celebrate

the commissioning of the USS New Jersey, we also celebrate the long

legacy of tenacity and bravery that the Navy has proved time and time

again.
The brave sailors on all three USS New Jersey vessels, and

vessels across the globe, exemplify the honor, courage, and commitment

stated in the Navy's core values.
As the crew begins their service aboard this exceptional naval

vessel, I am grateful for the devotion each and every one of them has

to serving their country.