She has built a legacy of fighting for her

constituents, and her leadership in Congress will be greatly missed

upon her retirement.
First elected to Congress in 1992--dubbed ``the Year of the Woman''--

Anna was the first Democrat and first woman in the history of the then-

14th Congressional District to win the Silicon Valley seat.
In

Congress, Anna has been a health care pioneer, a champion for

innovation, a human rights and consumer advocate, a staunch proponent

of clean energy, and a defender of women's reproductive rights.
A

prolific legislator, over 60 of Anna's bills have been signed into law

by five presidents.
Anna has served on the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee since

1995.
In 2019, she became the first woman to serve as Chair of the

Health Subcommittee.
Anna helped draft portions of the groundbreaking

Affordable Care Act, oversaw the largest overhaul of Medicare since its

inception, and wrote landmark bipartisan legislation to promote the

development of new lifesaving cures.
Anna also broke the glass ceiling

as the first female Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on

Communications and Technology, where she has championed a free and open

internet, removed barriers to entry in the telecommunications market,

and helped deploy broadband to underserved communities.
I know Anna is grateful to her dedicated staff in both California and

Washington, D.C. for the countless achievements they have secured for

constituents over the years, and for the support of her children and

granddaughter.
I thank them for their years of service and sacrifice.
I

congratulate my good friend and colleague on a well-deserved retirement

and wish her the very best in her next chapter in life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEADERSHIP AND LEGACY OF SENIOR CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ERIC

DONAHUE

HON.
LORI TRAHAN

Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Senior Chief Petty

Officer Eric Donahue for his tremendous contributions and 20-year

legacy in the United States Navy, including his service in the Joint

Special Operations Command.
Senior Chief Donahue has dedicated his life

to our country for the past two decades, all while building a family

with his wife, Katie, and raising their three children: Meredith, Ivy,

and Tyler.
Eric Donahue was born and raised in Andover, Massachusetts, and is a

proud graduate of Austin Preparatory School in Reading, Massachusetts.
A dedicated student, he furthered his education at the University of

New Hampshire, obtaining a Bachelor's Degree in Business

Administration, Management, and Operations.
It was at the University of

New Hampshire that Eric met Katie, who has been a pillar of strength

for him throughout his Navy career.
Moved by the September 11th terrorist attacks, Eric embarked on a

mission to become a Navy SEAL to protect the United States, its

freedoms, and its ideals.
After graduating from the University of New

Hampshire in 2004, he had the opportunity to join the Navy as an

officer.
Instead of waiting to become an officer, he immediately

enlisted to begin training without officer status.
In March 2005, Eric commenced Underwater Demolition/SEAL training and

successfully completed the program by August 2006, displaying

exceptional dedication.
He was subsequently assigned to SEAL Team 8 in

Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Throughout eight overseas deployments,

including to Afghanistan and Iraq, his dedication, leadership, and

outstanding service led to his appointment to the prestigious SEAL Team

Six, the Naval Special Warfare Development Group.
Within SEAL Team Six,

Senior Chief Donahue has continued to lead in various capacities,

overseeing numerous training events worldwide and being entrusted with

dignitary protection.
Senior Chief Donahue has received numerous accolades and awards

throughout his career in recognition of his service.