Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of David

Michael Capozzi, of Maryland, Samuel E. Lathem, of

Delaware, Ronald L. Batory, of New Mexico, and Elaine

Marie Clegg, of Idaho, all to be a Director of the

Amtrak Board of Directors.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Matthew

James Marzano, of Illinois, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Julie

Smith, of Michigan, to be an Under Secretary (Political

Affairs), Stephanie L. Hallett, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, Douglas D. Jones,

of Maryland, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and

Herzegovina, Michael G. Heath, of California, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, and Mary E.

Daschbach, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the

Togolese Republic, all of the Department of State.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine S. 2927, to amend the Omnibus

Public Land Management Act of 2009 to increase Tribal

access to water conservation and efficiency grants, S.

4016, to amend the Boulder Canyon Project Act to

authorize the Secretary of the Interior to expend

amounts in the Colorado River Dam fund, S. 4242 and

H.R. 4385, to extend authorization of the Reclamation

States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991, S. 4245

and H.R. 5770, to reauthorize certain United States

Geological Survey water data enhancement programs, S.

4347, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal

land at Swanson Reservoir and Hugh Butler Reservoir in

the State of Nebraska, S. 4458, to reauthorize the

Reclamation Rural Water Supply Act of 2006, S. 4576, to

amend the Energy and Water Development and Related

Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize the

Colorado River System conservation pilot program, an

original bill to establish a new Reclamation program to

support collaborative positions at eligible partner

organizations to help develop, fund, and implement

water projects with benefits for water management and

the environment, an original bill to amend the Aquifer

Recharge Flexibility Act to clarify a provision

relating to conveyances for aquifer recharge purposes,

an original bill to authorize additional funding for

the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Program,

an original bill to establish an interest-bearing

account for the non-Federal contributions to the Lower

Colorado River Multi-Species Conservation Program, an

original bill to establish the Integrated Water

Management Federal Leadership Committee and to provide

for improved drought resilience and dam safety, an

original bill to amend Public Law 89-108 to modify the

authorization of appropriations for State and Tribal,

municipal, rural, and industrial water supplies, an

original bill to make certain modifications to the

repayment period and payment of interest for the

Fryingpan-Arkansas project in the State of Colorado, an

original bill to prohibit the use of amounts from the

Upper Colorado River Basin Fund to implement a certain

record of decision, and H.R. 6062, to restore the

ability of the people of American Samoa to approve

amendments to the territorial constitution based on

majority rule in a democratic act of self-

determination, as authorized pursuant to an Act of

Congress delegating administration of Federal

territorial law in the territory to the President, and

to the Secretary of the Interior under Executive Order

10264, dated June 29, 1951, under which the

Constitution of American Samoa was approved and may be

amended without requirement for further congressional

action, subject to the authority of Congress under the

Territorial Clause in article IV, section 3, clause 2

of the United States Constitution.
Select Committee on Intelligence

Closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence

matters; to be immediately followed by a closed

briefing on certain intelligence matters.