From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE DAVID E. LUCAS AND THE HONORABLE ELAINE

HUCKABEE LUCAS

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

honor two distinguished public servants, community leaders, and dear

friends of longstanding, Georgia State Senator David E. Lucas and

Macon-Bibb Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas.
Their collective service

of over more than six decades to the people of Macon-Bibb, the State of

Georgia and humankind was recognized on Sunday, March 10, 2024, at 5:00

p.m. during a community celebration at the Saint Peter Missionary

Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia.
State Senator David E. Lucas was born to the union of the late David

Lucas and Beatrice Poole Lucas, both educators on April 23, 1950 in

Byron, Georgia.
He graduated from Lanier High School in Bibb County in

1968 and went on to earn a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science from

Tuskegee University, attended Atlanta Law School in 1980, and has been

awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the Mercer University Medical

School.
At Tuskegee, he was on the 1971 SIAC Championship football team

and after graduation in 1973, he returned home to Macon.
In 1974, he

was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives, becoming the

youngest member of that body.
He has tirelessly represented Bibb County

and Middle Georgia in both the Georgia House and State Senate for

almost 50 years, becoming the most senior member.
Throughout his career Senator Lucas has fought for civil rights,

voting rights and equal opportunity.
He championed policies that uplift

Georgia's seniors and improve healthcare access and outcomes in urban

and rural communities.
In the General Assembly, he has served on

committees crucial to the economic development and wellbeing of our

state, including Insurance, Energy, Utilities, Telecommunication,

Appropriations and Transportation.
I was blessed to serve with him for

16 years and can say without reservation, that there is no one who

knows how to leverage the inner workings of state government for his

constituents better than State Senator David Lucas.
In addition to his public service, Senator Lucas is a self-employed

independent Insurance Agent and owner of TBL Inc., an entertainment

promotions business.
He has been a social studies teacher, football,

basketball, and tennis coach; owner of the Macon Chiefs semi-

professional football team and the Georgia Titans basketball team; and

a charter member of the 100 Black Men of Macon-Middle Georgia.
He has

been married to the love of his life, Commissioner Elaine Huckabee

Lucas for more than 47 years and reared four children--David, Jr.,

Aris, Leonard and Albert (deceased) with 13 grandchildren and five

great-grandchildren.
Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas is a lifelong resident of Macon

and the wife of Senator David Lucas.
She is and has been his support

and helpmate throughout their marriage, keeping him grounded during his

numerous career and life pursuits.
But, this ``Queen'' of East Macon is

a monumental public servant in her own right.
Born to the union of Ella

Appling Huckabee and Leonard Huckabee, she graduated from Miller Senior

High School, completed work in English at Macon Junior College and

received her BS Degree, Magna Cum Laude from Savannah State College in

Elementary Education.
She earned a Master's Degree from Fort Valley

State University and an Education Specialist Degree from Georgia

College and State University.
She is certified in early childhood

education, middle grades, data collection and counseling.
She taught

elementary school for 18 years, was an elementary and high school

counselor for 12 years, coordinated counseling and advisement for the

Bibb County Teen Parent Center for 5 years, and after retirement, was

counselor, graduation specialist and community service coordinator at

the Hutching Career Center for 8 years.
First elected to the Macon City Council in 1983, Commissioner Lucas

has continued her uninterrupted elective service, making history as the

first female commissioner of the Macon-Bibb Consolidated Government.