She is certified in early childhood

education, middle grades, data collection and counseling.
She taught

elementary school for 18 years, was an elementary and high school

counselor for 12 years, coordinated counseling and advisement for the

Bibb County Teen Parent Center for 5 years, and after retirement, was

counselor, graduation specialist and community service coordinator at

the Hutching Career Center for 8 years.
First elected to the Macon City Council in 1983, Commissioner Lucas

has continued her uninterrupted elective service, making history as the

first female commissioner of the Macon-Bibb Consolidated Government.
She has served on key committees including Community Resources and

Development; Appropriations; and Employee Development and Compensation.
She served as President, Vice President and Treasurer of the Georgia

Association of Black Elected Officials; The Macon Bibb Board of Health;

Martin Luther King Commission; Cemetery Preservation Board; and the

Recreation Planning Committee.
Her prolific record portrays a champion

for voting rights, civil rights and equal access to services for all

citizens.
She is a founding member and first president of the Bibb

County Voter Registration and Education League, member of NAACP, SCLC,

Bibb County Democratic Executive Committee, and Golden Life Member of

Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.

In 2011, she opened EL High School Academy where over 1,800 school

dropouts have reentered school and earned their high school diplomas.
She is a 40-year blood donor, organ donor, and runs E. Lucas Consulting

and Lenny's Handy Services in partnership with her son, Lenny.
Commissioner Elaine Lucas and Senator David Lucas are indeed a power

couple and truly icons in the Middle Georgia area.
Active members of

Steward Chapel AME Church, they are indeed persons of faith.
Moreover,

they are my trusted friends of longstanding for over 50 years.
It has

been said that ``You make your living by what you get.
You make your

life by what you give!''
David and Elaine Lucas have truly made their

lives by giving so much to so many for so long.
join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the 765,000 people of

Georgia's Second Congressional District in recognizing and honoring the

careers, service and legacies of State Senator David E. Lucas and

Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas.
To God be the glory for the things

they have done in support of humanity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THOMAS CONG

HON.
MICHAEL LAWLER

Mr. LAWLER.
Mr. Speaker, today I'm proud to recognize a remarkable

young constituent, Thomas Cong from Ossining, New York, for becoming a

top 40 finalist in the Regeneron Science Talent Search, the Nation's

premier science competition for high school seniors.
This achievement places Thomas among the brightest young minds in our

country, continuing a tradition of excellence that has propelled alumni

to the highest echelons of scientific honor, including Nobel Prizes and

National Medals of Science.
Thomas's success is a testament to his hard work, our community's

supportive educational environment, and the potential of our youth to

lead us into a better future.
Let's celebrate Thomas's achievement as an inspiration and a reminder

of our youth.
Congratulations to Thomas for making Ossining and our

Nation proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.