A railroad was built from the Wyoming Valley to

White Haven, where the canal system allowed the coal to be carried to

market on barges.
The Borough also boasted Pennsylvania's busiest

lumber depots at the time, producing 20 million feet of lumber annually

at its peak.
Today, White Haven is a quaint town featuring a main street with

shops and restaurants and lovely tree-lined streets.
It also serves as

a recreational hub with the Lehigh Gorge State Park on its border and

the Delaware and Lehigh Anthracite Trail in its downtown.
With its

picturesque views, charming architecture, and friendly residents, it is

easy to see why so many choose to call White Haven home.
White Haven played a critical role in Pennsylvania's history and the

industrialization of our nation.
Over the past two centuries, the

Borough has demonstrated a commitment to persistence and progress, a

trend which will no doubt continue and contribute to the prosperity of

this treasured community for centuries to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF MR.
GARY NELSON

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Gary Nelson

for his many years of public service to our community as he enters his

retirement.
As the Executive Director of the Port of Grays Harbor for

nearly 24 years, Mr. Nelson has demonstrated unparalleled leadership

and advocacy for the Grays Harbor community.
Mr. Nelson joined the Port of Grays Harbor in 2000, when there were

only 21 vessel calls handling 85,000 tons of cargo.
When Mr. Nelson

stepped into leadership, the Port of Grays Harbor, like many other

communities in my district, had fallen on hard times when the timber

industry took it on the chin.
Some folks feared that good things

couldn't happen in Grays Harbor County anymore.
But not Gary.
Under his visionary leadership over the last 24 years,

the number of vessel calls increased nearly 500 percent, and the number

of metric tons of cargo was up over 3 million in 2023.
During his tenure at the Port of Grays Harbor, Mr. Nelson oversaw the

diversification of the Port's revenue streams and business ventures.
This includes the operations at Satsop Business Park and recreational

facilities at Friends Landing.
He oversaw more than $275 million in

private investment throughout Port facilities, as weII as millions of

dollars in federal and state grants to modernize and improve the

Westport Marina, Marine Terminals in Aberdeen, and the Bowerman

Airport, positioning the Port to accommodate current and future

economic growth.
Gary's leadership will continue to impact the entire region for years

to come.
Put simply, because of Gary Nelson, there are people in Grays

Harbor who now have jobs.
Because of Gary Nelson, there are families

that can now put food on the table.
Because of Gary Nelson, the future

for our region is brighter.
Beyond his local impact, Mr. Nelson is a nationally recognized leader

in the industry.
He served as the Chair of the American Association of

Port Authorities from 2019 to 2020, chaired the Washington Public Ports

Association Legislative Committee, and served on the Pacific Northwest

Waterways Association Executive Board.
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and thank Gary Nelson for his amazing tenure.
Gary's passionate and caring stewardship of the Port of Grays Harbor

has impacted the future of the community and shown that not only can

good things happen in Grays Harbor County--great things can.
I wish him

the best in his retirement.
He will be sorely missed.
I am pleased to

recognize Mr. Gary Nelson in the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE DAVID E. LUCAS AND THE HONORABLE ELAINE

HUCKABEE LUCAS

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.