Title: COMMEMORATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF NEW MEXICO PRESS WOMEN; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
43

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF NEW MEXICO PRESS WOMEN

HON.
MELANIE A. STANSBURY

Ms. STANSBURY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commemoration of the 75th

Anniversary of New Mexico Press Women.
75 years ago, New Mexico Press

Women was founded by women committed to expanding opportunities in

journalism for women.
New Mexico Press Women is New Mexico's oldest,

largest, and most diverse women's press organization.
New Mexico Press Women will celebrate its 75th Anniversary Conference

in just a few days.
Countless members--both men and women--have left

their marks on the communications professions.
New Mexico Press Women

will honor and profile courageous communicators at its 75th Anniversary

Conference.
New Mexico Press Women encourages excellence through its professional

communications contest and through its annual Zia Award, which honors

outstanding woman authors who personally or whose book has a connection

to New Mexico.
New Mexico Press Women has provided encouragement and

real assistance to college students entering communications professions

by awarding thousands of dollars in scholarship funds over the years.
Through monthly luncheons, statewide conferences, and legislative

workshops, New Mexico Press Women and its geographic chapters have

brought together major players in New Mexico's history.
New Mexico

Press Women's gatherings have served as a forum for informing

communicators and the public about the implications of current events.
New Mexico Press Women's 75th anniversary is a significant milestone,

and I am proud to extend my congratulations to all of its members

during the 75th Anniversary Conference.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GLENDELL BENNETT

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a specia] man, Glendell

Bennett of Lexington, Kentucky.
Mr. Bennett celebrated his 100th

birthday on March 2, 2024.
Mr. Bennett was born in Chicago and moved with his family to Texas

soon after his birth.
When he was in high school, World War II broke

out.
He and a friend heard about the all-Black regiment that was

training in Alabama, so they jumped on a train and headed to Tuskegee

to volunteer.
They worked clearing brush for landing strips and working

on aircraft maintenance.
Mr. Bennett was later drafted into the Army

and sent to Fort Eustis in Virginia, then to Europe.
He served with the

Quartermaster Truck Company and the Red Ball Express in France,

delivering goods and ammunitions to those on the front lines.
He served

in the Army from 1943 to 1947.
When World War II ended, Mr. Bennett attended Prairie View A&M

College in Houston.
He farmed and later moved to Chicago.
While in

Chicago, he worked with civil rights leaders, including the Rev. Dr.

Martin Luther King, Jr., to promote equality and justice.
Mr. Bennett

has nine children and three stepchildren.
In 2012, he moved to

Lexington, KY to be near his children Glenda Bennett Mulder, Kimberly

Bennett, Brian Bennett, and Diane Minniefield.
Mr. Bennett worked with

the Kentucky Senior Employment Program at the Gainesway Community

Center and the Goodwill Industries store for several years.
Mr. Bennett is known as a loving, giving person.
He and his fellow

veterans are true heroes.
As members of the ``Greatest Generation'',

they willingly served to protect and defend the freedoms that we enjoy

today.
I am humbled to honor Mr. Glendell Bennett and celebrate his

100th birthday before the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE ARC NASSAU'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

Anniversary of The Arc Nassau's founding.
On this remarkable milestone,

we commemorate five decades of service and their commitment to

enhancing the lives of adults with intellectual and developmental

differences in Northeast Florida.