From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 12, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MARCH 13

10 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of The American Legion and multiple

veterans service organizations: JWV,

TAPS, NCHV, MOAA, NACVSO, NCAI, VVA, NGAUS, and FRA.
390-CHOB

MARCH 14

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of United States

Northern Command and United States Southern Command in

review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal

Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be

immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Health and Human Services.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine workers benefitting from new

technology and increased productivity.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine responding to the increasing

wildfire threat.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, and the nomination of

David O. Barnett, Jr., to be United States Marshal for

the District of New Mexico, Department of Justice.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine U.S. strategy in the Pacific

Islands region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MAJOR JEROME KERN CHISOLM

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a great

American, Major Jerome Kern Chisolm.
Major Chisolm was born December 5,

1950, in Moncks Corner, South Carolina and passed away on January 17,

2024, in Pensacola, Florida.
Growing up he graduated from my alma mater Mather Academy in Camden,

South Carolina where he excelled as a student leader and athlete.
Major

Chisolm also graduated from South Carolina State University and was

commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army.
When he retired

from the Army, he became principal of an alternative high school for at

risk students known as Escambia Charter School in Pensacola, Florida.
Major Chisolm was a principal, but he wore many hats, such as teacher,

mentor, and coach.
He was a strict disciplinarian but was committed to

being a positive role model with an emphasis on education.
In 2014, his

school won the National USA Today Weekend Make A Difference Award.
The

award was given for community service volunteering.
In addition, the

Escambia Charter School Board named a building in his honor, The Jerome

K. Chisolm Building.
Throughout his life, Jerome Chisolm has been a humanitarian in his

community.
He and his wife Barbara have helped so many people improve

their quality of life.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in celebrating

Major Chisolm's remarkable career and his dedication to helping the

least among us.
Jerome Chisolm will remain a pillar in the Mather

Academy, South Carolina State University, and military communities

forever.