AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

Anniversary of The Arc Nassau's founding.
On this remarkable milestone,

we commemorate five decades of service and their commitment to

enhancing the lives of adults with intellectual and developmental

differences in Northeast Florida.
The Arc Nassau's vision of education and motivation is realized

through life skills training, vocational opportunities, and long-term

employment.
These programs provide the individuals with a sense of

belonging in their community.
As we celebrate The Arc Nassau's impressive tenure, let us look

towards the future with a renewed commitment to their mission.
In this

spirit, I am pleased to announce that The Arc Nassau and Northeast

Florida Advocates for Autism and Related Disabilities have merged to

strengthen their long-standing services to the community,

Northeast Florida, let us follow The Arc Nassau's example, and see

the able, not the label.
I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing The Arc Nassau.
Here's to another fifty years of impact, progress, and transformation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF TOM KAMERLING

HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a

beloved member of our community, Tom Kamerling.
On Tuesday, we lost a

true legend, a man whose voice resonated through the halls of Arkansas

Tech Univerity for many years.
Tom's contributions to our community,

both on and off the airwaves, will be forever cherished and remembered.
As the public address voice of the Arkansas Tech Wonder Boys and

Golden Suns, Tom was more than just a broadcaster; he was the

embodiment of professionalism and dedication.
His voice became

synonymous with Tech athletics, guiding fans through countless

memorable moments with his unmistakable tone and unrivaled passion for

the game.
His impact extended far beyond the broadcasting booth.
Tom's kindness

and generosity touched the lives of everyone he encountered.
Whether as

a mentor to aspiring broadcasters or as a friend to those in need, he

always went above and beyond to make a positive difference.
His unwavering faith and commitment to serving others serve as an

inspiration to us all.
Even in his absence, his spirit will continue to

guide and uplift our community for generations to come.
My thoughts and prayers are with Tom's family and loved ones during

this difficult time.
May they find solace in the knowledge that his

legacy will live on in the hearts of all who knew him.
In honor of his

memory, let us strive to embody the same kindness, professionalism, and

unwavering faith that defined Tom Kamerling's life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, due to a delayed elevator in

the Capitol, I missed voting on Amendment No.
6 to H.R. 2799, the

Expanding Access to Capital Act.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
73.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
DAISY COCCO DE FILIPPIS

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, to celebrate Women's History

Month, I want to highlight Dr. Daisy Cocco De Filippis.
She is the

President and leader of Hostos Community College who has more than

earned all our heartfelt admiration and thanks for her tireless work in

administration and academia.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis' work in higher education began with her role

as Provost and Senior Vice President of Student Affairs at Hostos

Community College in 2002, where her unwavering commitment to

compassion shaped the lives and academic careers of her students until

her departure in 2008, when she took on the role of President at

Naugatuck Valley Community College in Waterbury, Connecticut.
She

served this institution for twelve years, inspiring students to new

academic heights.