With 17 GW of floating offshore wind planned to be anchored within 100 nautical miles of Aberdeen, what steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that technological and engineering knowledge and wherewithal and supply chain investment are also anchored within 100 miles of the north-east of Scotland?
We are doing an enormous amount of work on supply chains.
We have put forward our £1 billion green industries growth accelerator fund to support British supply chains, and we are also taking steps to attract investment into this country to build British business.
All of that will be positive for the Scottish offshore wind sector.
What estimate she has made of the number of households that were in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households that were in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
As previously stated, fuel poverty is devolved.
Statistics for England estimate that there were 3.17 million households in fuel poverty in 2023, over 1.5 million fewer than in 2010.
April’s new price cap will see 6 million households across the UK in fuel poverty and National Energy Action estimates this figure will include 8,800 households in North Tyneside alone.
The Government promised their household upgrading scheme would help 100,000 households but in nine months it has helped fewer than 5,000 and only 15 in my constituency.
Can the Minister account for the abysmal failure of the flagship policy?
I stand by the Government’s record of support on fuel poverty: we have helped with affordability and with insulation and energy efficiency.
We have given unprecedented support to 350,000 households, who were kept out of fuel poverty at the energy peak in 2022.
Electricity standing charges for people in the north-east are 71.2p per day while those in the south pay 40.79p per day.
Can the Minister explain why the people in the north-east, the area experiencing the highest levels of fuel poverty in the country, are paying 75% more than those in other regions simply for the privilege of being connected to the grid?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a reasonable point on standing charges, which is one reason why we have urged Ofgem to gather information on them.
We have had over 30,000 responses and will be looking at this in due course.
In the Office for National Statistics and House of Commons data, fuel poverty in England was 13.5% back in 1996.
It rose to 22% by 2010 and, as has already been mentioned, it fell back to 13% in 2023.
Does the Minister agree that that shows that Conservatives deliver energy policy with environmental and economic good sense and have done a lot better than the last Labour Government?
As I said, we are incredibly proud of our record on heading towards net zero and ensuring energy security so that never to have to go through the cost of living crisis that we have recently gone through.
If she will make an assessment of the ability of the National Grid to connect to large solar farms in (a) 2024 and  (b) 2029.
Network companies are expected to deliver connections by the date stipulated in customer connection agreements.
Reforms to accelerate the connection process and build times for transmission infrastructure will help to ensure that expectation is met.
May I welcome the Minister to his new responsibilities and urge him to focus on this particular issue?
According to a recent report by the UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association,   44% of investors in solar power say there are problems getting interconnections with the grid.
We know there are issues in the distribution network, which means that the transmission network is probably the only place that large-scale utility solar farms can connect, and people are worried that only particular parts of that network accept contracts.
Will the Minister look at that in detail, because there are major concerns in my constituency that there will be connections at Eaton Socon power station, which is one of the few places where contracts are being offered?
That is absolutely understood.
As set out in the spring Budget, the Government are working with Ofgem and network companies to release more network capacity and to prevent speculative projects from obtaining and retaining network capacity.
That, alongside faster network infrastructure delivery, should result in more capacity across the country and help to reduce any clustering of generation projects.
National grid infrastructure is critical to the delivery and connection of these solar farms, as it is for onshore and offshore wind.
The importance and urgency of that was stressed by the Winser review of August last year.
The Government have got until 2030 to deliver this policy.
Will the Minister update us on the transmission acceleration action plan?
The hon.
Member is spot on.
We are proud to have gone from 7% renewable energy to 47%.
To go further, we must hit those ambitious targets by unlocking additional investment.
For example, through the accelerating strategic transmission investment process, we anticipate unlocking a further £198 billion of investment by 2030.
Alongside the changes I have already set out, that will be key to getting that extra power generated through solar.
Surely it is not an adequate justification for building solar farms on 10,000 acres within a six-mile radius that Gainsborough is close to the national grid serving the old power stations.
Is that not gross overdevelopment on good arable land, and should the inspector not take account of this overdevelopment?
I understand my right hon.
Friend’s raising this point.
That is why it is clear in planning policy and guidance that solar projects should be directed to previously developed or non-greenfield land.
That was the message we reinforced in the January national planning statement to ensure that we reduce unnecessary clustering.
May I also welcome the Minister to his new role?
According to National Grid, £58 billion of investment is needed to meet our 2035 decarbonising target.
British electricity demand is expected to rise by 64% in the next 10 years, and the current system is still designed around electricity sources of the past, such as coal.
New cables need to be built to bring electricity from renewable energy sources, as we have already heard.
What assessment has the Department made of the impact this problem is having on green investment?