This is my first chance to offer my condolences to you, Mr Speaker, on the death of your dad.
He was a great man and helped induct me into this place when I first came here in 1979.
If we are to have a proper domestic solar roll-out across, we desperately need more trained people in the green sector.
What will the Minister do about that?
Is it not about time that every university and further education college offered apprenticeships and ways in to these wonderful jobs?
Will he talk to industry leaders, such as Octopus, about their shortage of skilled men and women?
Absolutely.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State regularly meets companies such as Octopus.
Through our green jobs delivery plan we are enticing more people into the jobs of the future, to help deliver our ambitious targets.
It is interesting to note that Labour’s plans would halve the number of apprenticeships for those jobs in the UK, should it ever get into power.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the number of onshore wind planning applications.
In 2023, 80 onshore wind planning applications were submitted in Great Britain—a 27% increase from 2022.
We have recently changed planning policy in England to pave the way for more onshore wind projects where there is local support.
It is now seven months since the Government claimed to have lifted the onshore wind ban.
The Secretary of State at the time claimed that her decision would speed up the delivery of projects.
Since then, no new applications for onshore wind farms for domestic use have been submitted.
Does the Minister think that that has been a success?
Unlike the Opposition, we like to work with and listen to communities around the country.
We believe in local consent for projects.
It should be up to local communities to decide whether and how much onshore wind they want in their area.
The Opposition do not like to talk about this, but we must remember that in 2010, a pitiful 7% of electricity came from renewables—that is up to 50% under this Government.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of solar farms on local communities.
As with any new development, solar projects may impact communities.
The planning system considers all perspectives when balancing local impacts with national need.
It is important that local areas benefit from hosting net zero infrastructure.
Many developers already offer community benefit packages.
If the Minister had wanted to see the impact that a massive solar farm, such as the so-called Lime Down carbuncle in my constituency, will have on local people, he should have come to Malmesbury town hall last week, where 750 people were protesting against this appalling plan in North Wiltshire.
It is going to be 2,000 acres of panels, 3 million panels, 5,000 acres blighted, and 30 miles to the nearest connection down at Melksham.
It is an absolutely disgraceful proposal.
It comes at a time when Wiltshire has eight out of 10 of the largest solar farms.
We already have enough, vastly exceeding our county target for solar production.
Will the Minister consider the cumulative effect of all these solar farms?
Will he ask the National Infrastructure Commission to take into account the cumulative effect of solar farms when considering such applications?
I very much thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He raises a very interesting topic, and one that we are listening to.
The project he speaks to is at the pre-application stage.
An application is expected to be submitted to the Planning Inspectorate between January and March 2025.
Due to my quasi-judicial role in determining applications for development consent, it is not appropriate to comment on any specific matters.
I am aware that some of his constituents are coming to Parliament this Thursday and I will be happy to meet them to discuss their concerns.
What steps she is taking to support off-grid properties to decarbonise.
The Government offer grants of £7,500 to those wanting to install a heat pump, or £5,000 to install a biomass boiler, under the boiler upgrade scheme.
Support for energy efficiency upgrades and low-carbon heat is also available through our help to heat schemes.
Cornwall has a very large number of off-grid properties.
One way they can decarbonise their heating is through the use of renewable liquid heating fuel.
Last year, the Government said there would be a consultation on promoting and supporting the use of that fuel in the coming months.
However, in response to a recent written question it was suggested that it would not be launched until at least September this year.
Will the Government bring forward the consultation as soon as possible, so we can help people to decarbonise through the use of renewable fuels?
The Government recognise the potential for renewable liquid fuels to play a role in decarbonising heat where heat pumps are unsuitable, and we are working at pace to develop a consultation that will explore that role in more detail.
We will be issuing a consultation in September, in line with commitments made by Ministers during parliamentary debates on the Energy Act 2023.
I support the cause of  the hon.
Member for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double) .
The transition to hydrotreated vegetable oil is far cheaper than heat pumps; we are talking about a conversion that be done in an hour for about £500.
I urge the Government to proceed on that with haste.
It is important to note that we are taking this matter incredibly seriously.
We are also providing funding to tackle fuel poverty and reduce carbon emissions through the energy company obligation, the home upgrade grant and the social housing decarbonisation fund.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
The historic nuclear road map that I announced in January reconfirmed the Government’s ambition to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050.
The road map sets out plans to make investment decisions concerning 3 GW to 7 GW every five years between 2030 and 2040.
Nuclear is essential not just for our economy but for our national security.
A truly sovereign supply does not just mean commissioning new reactors but increasing our skills base, so I welcome the £750 million invested in that.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that people in communities such as Heywood and Middleton can access that skills funding, so they can take advantage of high-skilled, well-paid jobs in the sector?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a doughty champion in this area—indeed, he should be with Atom Valley in his constituency.
As he references, last month the Prime Minister announced significant investment in developing the nuclear skills pipeline, helping the sector to fill 40,000 new jobs by the end of the decade, including supporting plans to double the number of nuclear apprentices and quadruple the number of specialist sites and nuclear fission PhDs.
What steps she is taking to help increase investment in green technologies.
What steps she is taking to help increase investment in green technologies.
The UK has already made tremendous progress in securing investment in green technologies.
Recent figures indicate that the UK saw £60 billion of investment in 2023, meaning that since 2010 the UK has seen £300 billion of public and private investment in low-carbon sectors.
As a Department, the ministerial team and I meet regularly with investors, such as through our second hydrogen investor forum event and regular roundtables to understand how we can better encourage investment.
It is true that the UK has a remarkable track record of winning investment in green technology, but given that other countries are now proceeding apace with their own green investment plans, does my hon.
Friend agree that if we can show that we have effective policies for speeding up planning consents for energy projects and expanding grid capacity at a far faster rate, and if we can fix our contracts for difference regime, we shall be able to demonstrate to investors once again that this is the very best place in which to invest in such technology?
My right hon.
Friend is right: we have a proud record of investment in green and clean technologies, and in many respects we are leading the world in that regard.
Last year we launched our Giga project and this year we are launching CfD allocation round 6, which is the stand-out leader when it comes to enticing investors—but of course we can go faster and further, and where we can we will.
That is why I am so pleased to see the work that is being done within my Department and, indeed, with industry with the aim of doing just that.
Given that there is no more important technology in the UK’s green industries than hydrogen, I was pleased to note that, after much dilly-dallying, the Department had listened to my continued advocacy of hydrogen blending in pipes.
I look forward to seeing its plans imminently, but what support is it giving to home appliance providers who want to take advantage of the benefits of hydrogen to create hydrogen-ready technology that can be used for both blended and fully hydrogen-powered appliances?
My hon.
Friend is another doughty champion for one of the expanding sectors in which we are investing: his championing of the hydrogen industry in this country is unmatched.
I should be happy to meet him to discuss how we can progress further and speed up investment in hydrogen, which will be key to securing the progress of so many of our ambitious projects.
Along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire North (Gavin Newlands) , I co-chaired the all-party parliamentary group on green deal mis-selling.
After nearly 10 years, we are still waiting for justice for our constituents who were told to invest in green technologies for their homes.
A legal process is under way, but it is very lengthy.
Most of our affected constituents were over 70 when all this happened, and some were over 80.
There must be a political solution.
Numerous Prime Ministers and Secretaries of State have agreed that what happened to our constituents was dreadful, so why do they not find a solution that will encourage other people to feel confident that they too can invest in green technologies in the knowledge that the Government have their backs should it go wrong?
I agree with the hon.
Lady that what happened was dreadful.
As she has said, an ongoing legal process is under way so I am restricted in what I can say at the Dispatch Box, but I should be happy to meet her in the coming days to discuss the specifics involving her constituents who were affected.
The south-west is proud to be punching above its weight in green technology, and will soon welcome a £4 billion gigafactory at the Gravity site near Bridgwater which will create 4,000 new jobs and boost the green economy.
Investment in infrastructure around the country is needed if we are to see more developments of that kind, so what steps is the Department planning to facilitate such ventures?
It is fantastic to hear Liberal Democrats champion Conservative policies that are bringing investment and new jobs into the country—for that is what happens under a Conservative Government—and it is great that a gigafactory is planned for the south-west.
As a result of Giga and so many of the other projects and funds launched by the Department, we expect to see many more such developments, but of course there is work to be done: we can go further and faster, and, as I have said, where we can we will.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Lady in further championing the UK as the destination of choice for all who want to invest in these new technologies.
What recent estimate she has made of the cost of decarbonising the grid by (a) 2030 and (b) 2035.
What recent estimate she has made of the cost of decarbonising the grid by (a) 2030 and (b) 2035.
Our plans to decarbonise the grid by 2035 are ambitious but achievable, and have been assessed as realistic by the Climate Change Committee.
They will build on the UK’s achievement in becoming the first major economy to have halved emissions.
According to independent analysis, securing a net zero grid by 2030 would cost taxpayers £116 billion, and it would mean a “made in China” transition.
The Conservatives have a strong track record of promoting renewables, and this Government are supporting British companies and supply chains through programmes such as Giga with funding which now stands at more than £1 billion.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s unaffordable and unrealistic plans to achieve a net zero grid by 2030 will not give British supply chains time to grow, as well as meaning the “made in China” transition to which she has referred?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Only recently, we have seen European countries having to wean themselves off Russian oil and gas.
We cannot do that, only to become dependent on other parts of the world for our energy needs.
Our plan will give British supply chains time to develop, ensuring that British workers can reap the benefits of the energy transition.
According to expert analysis, the Labour plans will cost taxpayers £100 billion—all to undermine British manufacturing and risk blackouts.
As the Secretary of State is aware, the Environmental Audit Committee inquiry into decarbonising the economy has heard evidence that no newly commissioned nuclear capacity—even from small modular reactors—is able to come on stream until 2035.
New energy projects given planning consent today are unlikely to connect to the grid before 2030, and the scale of the necessary grid network roll-out to reach our 2035 target is already huge.
What does my right hon.
Friend make of the feasibility, let alone the cost that she has highlighted today, of the fantasy pipe dream of official Labour party policy to decarbonise by 2030?