We now come to the shadow Secretary of State.
Mr Speaker, can I start by paying tribute to your father, Doug?
He was a remarkable fighter for social justice, and we share your sense of loss.
A year ago, after presiding over the absolute scandal of the forced installation of prepayment meters, the right hon.
Lady’s predecessor promised full compensation for anyone affected.
Unbelievably, she has left it to the energy companies to decide who gets compensation and how much.
They have assessed 150,000 people and just 1,500 got anything—99% got nothing.
Why has she so catastrophically failed to deliver justice for those affected by the PPM scandal?
The right hon.
Gentleman does actually raise an important issue.
We have gripped the question of prepayment meters since the scandal first emerged.
Not only have we made it clear that the horrors that we saw last winter, of people forcing prepayment meters on vulnerable households, should not take place, but I have been in contact with Ofgem in recent days about making sure that people can get the compensation they deserve at the speed with which they need it.
That is simply not good enough.
It is a year on.
The right hon.
Lady is the Energy Secretary; she should be delivering that compensation to people, and she is failing across the board.
The onshore wind ban remains; the offshore wind market crashes; the insulation schemes are a disaster, while she spends her time appeasing the flat-earth, anti-net zero brigade in her own party.
No wonder the former Energy Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  resigned.
Is it not the truth that the Secretary of State is failing in her job and the British people are paying the price?
The right hon.
Gentleman did not listen to my previous answer.
It was this Government who worked with Ofgem to make sure that forced prepayment meter installation stopped taking place for vulnerable households.
We have said very clearly that it is abhorrent, and we do not want to see it again.
On compensation, we are working with Ofgem.
However, if the right hon.
Gentleman talks about the wider energy plans—and we should do that—I think that he should consider the recent comments from industry that Labour’s plans would leave the country uninvestable, that they would hike the bills that people would pay, and that they would cost so much in needed taxes—over £100 billion of costs for Labour’s mad plans to decarbonise the grid by 2030, which, let me be clear, are not backed by industry, the unions or consumers.
We have seen the price of fuel go up at the pumps because of what has happened in Ukraine, but, in this country, we have also seen that there is great variety at different  petrol stations.
I am really pleased that the Competition and Markets Authority has looked into it and that the Government are coming forward with Pumpwatch.
We have seen something similar in Australia that saves up to £50 for the individual.
Can we make sure that, when this comes into play, the Government have an advertising campaign so that the public know that they will be able to see local prices, up to date every 30 minutes, for the best place to get their fuel?
We will publish the Government’s response to the recent Pumpwatch consultation as soon as possible, and we continue to work closely with the Competition and Markets Authority, and the sector technology companies, to launch Pumpwatch this year.
Of course, my hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point that, when we launch this, we will of course make sure that everybody knows about this valuable resource.