The Department confirmed last month that curtailment payments cost a whopping £1.4 billion last year.
That is bill payers’ money being used to pay providers to switch off wind power and switch on gas.
Why should people be paying even more on their energy bills to switch off cleaner and cheaper energy because the Government have failed to deliver the net zero capacity that we need?
That is why we have been focusing on expanding the interconnectors network so that, where we produce energy that we cannot use domestically, it can be sold.
I also welcome last year’s large-scale expansion of battery farms—they have been springing up at an amazing speed—which allow us to store the energy supplied that exceeds demand.
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s predictions of what the curtailment payments will be in the coming year, because they were up for the previous year.
In a survey of energy industry leaders, nearly 90% said that we need new policies to make the UK more attractive to investors.
Nearly two thirds are moving investment out of the UK, and three quarters blame a lack of clarity from this Government on net zero.
Is it not time for Ministers and Back Benchers to drop the culture war and put British industry and jobs first?
On a lack of clarity, I think the shadow Minister has mixed things up with the green prosperity plan.
Even I cannot keep up with the latest position of senior figures in the Labour party, but I think the shadow team lost that battle.
The reality is that in 2023 we secured £60 billion of private investment in low carbon technology, which was up a staggering 71% on the previous year.
That is a credit to our team who delivered that.
What steps she is taking to encourage the installation of rooftop solar panels.
The Government recently consulted on the future homes and buildings standards, which explore how we can drive on-site renewable electricity generation, such as solar panels, in new homes and buildings.
In December we simplified planning processes for larger rooftop installations by removing the 1 MW cap for non-domestic arrays in permitted development rights.
The CPRE’s rooftop solar campaign calls for far greater emphasis on the installation of solar panels on our nation’s rooftops, rather than the promotion of ground-mounted solar on greenfield and agricultural land, which harms our natural environment and imperils UK food security.
Would the Minister be kind enough to read the CPRE’s “Lighting the way” report, which highlights international best practice on this issue?