The Minister will be aware of the Norwich to Tilbury pylon proposals, which will put 50-metre pylons through swathes of the Norfolk, Suffolk and Essex countryside.
He will also be aware that the recent electricity system operator review indicated that it will soon be cost-neutral to have an offshore option for that same energy transition, and that multiple points for connecting offshore wind turbines to the grid are facing planning problems.
Will he do what he can to engage with National Grid and get it to do the right thing and look at a cost-neutral option of offshore transmission, rather than the current onshore proposal?
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing record of making powerful suggestions on behalf of his constituents and neighbouring constituencies on this important issue.
The ESO’s recent study considered a total of a nine alternative options for transmission routes in East Anglia, including three predominantly offshore options and two hybrid onshore and offshore options.
It is important that we try to work with communities.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I would first like to pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , who served this Government for eight years, including as Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero since 2022.
He will be missed in the role for his expertise.
He attended his first COP in 2005 and was instrumental in our achievements at COP28 last year.
He helped the UK to halve its emissions, which is an extraordinary achievement.
We are the first major economy to do so.
He also worked with the Net Zero Council, protecting families through the global energy crisis and backing 200,000 British oil and gas workers.
He leaves a legacy of which he can be very proud.
I would also like to welcome the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Swindon (Justin Tomlinson) , a tireless campaigner who I know will continue this Government’s world-leading work.
Since I last updated the House, families are benefiting from a drop in the energy price cap worth almost £250 a year to the average household.
I have set out plans to reform tariffs, saving bill payers up to £900 a year, and invested £750 million in nuclear skills as part of my plans for the largest expansion of nuclear in 70 years.
The consultation on renewable liquid fuels from September is welcome, but the recent survey by the Future Ready Fuel campaign showed that 88% of respondents from off-grid households actively want the option of switching to a renewable liquid fuel.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with me to ensure that we can get consumers the choices that they actually want, and not the heat pumps that many do not?