The Minister dismisses people’s livelihoods as “peaks and troughs”.
In his letter to me of  29 March , the Transport Secretary, as usual, ducked all responsibility.
He claimed that he has no influence over procurement contracts, yet his Department has varied contracts in the past.
He claimed that this is nothing to do with his mismanagement of HS2, but both struggling manufacturers claim otherwise.
He claimed that he is providing certainty for the industry, yet he is refusing to bring forward his long-delayed rail reforms, or set out a rolling stock strategy for the industry.
Britain was the country that created the railways, but that legacy is being trashed by a Conservative Government content to oversee its managed decline.
Will the Minister and the Secretary of State finally take responsibility, put aside their ideological opposition to supporting British business, and finally step up for the people of Derby and Newton Aycliffe and for Britain’s railways?
The hon.
Lady asks whether the Secretary of State will take responsibility and work on this matter.
He is doing that right now.
He is about to start a meeting with the chief executive and chairman.
And that is not the first meeting: he has held eight meetings with Alstom and eight with Hitachi to find solutions.
Our officials in the Department for Transport have worked incredibly hard, as has everybody in the whole Derby family—the train operator, the unions that I have met and the workforce.
We are all rowing together to try to find a solution.
I have to say that it does not help to see this cause being used almost like a political football.
As an example, I did not use the expression “peaks and troughs” when it came to dealing with individuals.
I said that the procurement cycle leads to that.
My words will be clear in Hansard, and I resent having them misinterpreted, because it impacts on people and their feelings.
I find it quite irresponsible of the Opposition to do that.
Another example of getting the facts completely wrong is the continued mention of HS2.
Let me be clear: the order for HS2 was for 54 trains.
That order remains at 54 trains, because they were always for phase 1, which is going ahead.
The schedule remains the same and the number of trains remains the same, so let us deal with the facts rather than the fiction and scaremongering that I hear so often.
When it comes to facts, let me say that three of the four train manufacturers we are proud to have in this country have been building their plant here since 2010, under this Conservative Government.
No doubt they decided to do so because we have commissioned 8,000 new rolling stock vehicles since 2012.
The average age of rolling stock was 21 years back in 2016; it is now under 17 years, because we are investing in rolling stock, and there will be more orders.
None the less, it is a complex legal solution that requires sensible minds, and I am very proud that the Secretary of State is leading on that endeavour.