I am sure the Secretary of State does not want a repeat on her watch of the failure of allocation round 5, when her Department managed to crash the offshore wind market.
However, the industry is already warning that the parameters set for floating wind in the next round, AR6, could mean that only one sub-gigawatt project succeeds in getting contract for difference support: way off the Government’s recently trumpeted target of 5 GW of floating offshore by 2030.
What steps is she taking to ensure that we do not see another failure and lose the global race for this emerging technology?
If people want to ensure that we win the global race for renewable technology, they should, frankly, vote Conservative.
Under the Conservatives, world-leading mechanisms have been introduced.
The only country that has built more offshore wind capacity than the UK is China.
We have an enormous and very successful track record, and continue to work with industry to ensure that AR6 will be a success.
I am not sure that answer gives much reassurance to industry or this House.
The truth is that uprating our port infrastructure is critical for deploying floating offshore wind and for reaching a zero carbon power system, but Government support is so inadequate that they are funding only two ports, dropping viable projects on the way, when, according to the floating offshore wind taskforce, to reach floating offshore wind ambitions we need infrastructure upgraded in at least 11 ports.
Is this not another example of the Government failing to invest for the future and failing to back British industry?
The only failure on renewable energy is the record Labour left when they were in power, when 7% of our electricity was generated from renewables whereas now that figure is 50%.
On ports, not only have we got our world-leading freeport agenda but we have put forward projects such as FLOWMIS—the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—which is also helping to build our port infrastructure.