My condolences on your loss, Mr Speaker.
I thank you on behalf of the workforce for granting this urgent question, because the situation is becoming critical.
My union, Unite, tells me that there are over 900 people employed on temporary contracts at Hitachi in Newton Aycliffe and at Alstom in Derby whose jobs are already at risk.
This is before any formal redundancies occur; Unite believes that that could happen as soon as June.
I am well aware that the Minister knows that the industry needs a steady stream of orders to sustain train manufacturing here in the UK and preserve those vital jobs in areas such as County Durham, where we do not have an abundance of skilled employment, so in all honesty I earnestly ask the Minister to use his good offices to persuade the Secretary of State to intervene urgently and ensure a bright future for this vital UK train manufacturing industry.
I certainly take that point from my good friend.
The hon.
Member has worked tirelessly for the rail workforce, and I know that he means everything he says with passion and conviction.
I have talked about the situation being a complex one from a legal perspective, and I would take him back to the contract award for HS2, which went to Alstom and Hitachi.
That was challenged in court by Siemens; the Department succeeded on every single point, but that just shows how careful we have to be from a legal perspective during the tendering process, because it will end up in litigation.
The worst thing would be to hand out contracts in a manner that is not legally fair and then find that they are being unpicked, which brings fresh uncertainty.
Instead, we are looking at the entire order book to see where we can bring matters forward in the pipeline—matters that Alstom may be working on already.
Where it is the fair and right thing to do, we are looking to see whether we can bring those contract orders forward in the pipeline.
The situation at Alstom is of great concern to a number of my constituents who work there.
However, probably even more of my constituents work in the supply chain, so will my hon.
Friend reassure me and my constituents that whatever the outcome of today’s discussions, that supply chain will not be forgotten?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are talking not just about the jobs at the manufacturing plant in Derby, but about all the jobs throughout the supply chain.
I work really closely with the supply chain and its trade representatives—the Railway Industry Association and Railfuture—and I am keen to continue to do so.
Our work and our endeavour is to try to find a  solution, not just for the workforce in Derby working directly for Alstom, but for those who are temporarily employed at Alstom and for the entire supply chain.
That is why the Secretary of State is meeting Alstom right now, so that we can try to find a solution for them all.
The Government’s inaction in signing off new orders for trains is now threatening hundreds of jobs in County Durham and wiping millions of pounds off the value of rail manufacturing companies.
Inadequate supply to our rail infrastructure will have a big impact on decarbonising the UK transport system.
Is the Minister aware of that, and what are the Government doing in the long term to invest in our rail infrastructure?
Thanks to the UK taxpayer, the Government have invested over £100 billion in the railways, and a lot of that investment has gone through to rolling stock.
As I have mentioned, the rolling stock is now on average under 17 years old, with a life cycle that goes to 35 to 40 years.
I will give the hon.
Lady a good example of where the future is bright: in the area of innovation and technology.
Great Western has just completed a battery trial for a train that has covered 86 miles, with stops, on just one single charge.
My hope is that as well as new orders for trains, we will find new solutions for manufacturing rolling stock that is greener than it is right now.
My condolences to you, Mr Speaker.
Many of my constituents are involved in rail manufacturing, both at Hitachi and in the wider supply chain, and are genuinely concerned about the situation.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure me and my constituents that this situation is getting the full attention of the Secretary of State, and can he outline to the House why the issue is not as simple as the stroke of a pen, as alleged by the Labour party?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
He is absolutely right; this is a complex matter, and it is important that we get it right.
We are working with Alstom, with the council, and with all other parties.
I should just correct the record: I am very happy to take up this issue with  the right hon.
Member for Derby South (Dame Margaret Beckett) , but my understanding is that she met the Secretary of State for an hour on  25 March , which she said she had not.
indicated assent.
That is correct—good.
I am glad I have got that on the record.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson)  is absolutely right.
This matter is complex and challenging, but I can tell you, Mr Speaker, and the House that the Secretary of State is working at full pelt on this matter with Alstom.
I am hopeful that a solution will be found that will demonstrate all of that hard work.
Derby’s Litchurch Lane is unique—the only site in the UK that designs, develops, builds and tests trains.
As has already  been acknowledged, the Alstom factory is a very significant employer, but it also supports thousands of good supply-chain jobs, particularly in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire.
Frankly, this Government will never be forgiven if that factory is allowed to close due to an entirely avoidable gap in orders.
The Minister says that this matter is complex, but my question is simple: when does the Department for Transport intend to issue the invitations to tender for the promised new train fleets for Chiltern, Northern and Southeastern?
The answer is over the course of this year and next year for all of the train manufacturers that the hon.
Lady has mentioned.
I well remember the visit that both she and I made to the Alstom site with the Transport Committee.
As she rightly says, it is a fantastic site, which is why we are working to find a solution.
I am certainly encouraged by the conversations that have taken place.
We know that everyone wants to find that solution—the Government certainly do—but the hon.
Lady will know from all her work on the Transport Committee that legal challenges have to be dealt with in the correct manner.
This matter is very sensitive, and it is market sensitive as well, so finding a way through which provides certainty and does not get unpicked is absolutely the right thing for us to do, and that is what we are doing right now.
The threat to the Alstom factory in Derby is of great concern to the employees in Amber Valley and those employed by the supply chain.
Their mood is not helped by the fact that this appears to be a problem not with the quality of the trains, or even with their price, but with compliance with procurement rules that we ourselves put in place only a year or so ago.
If it comes down to a choice between having all the i’s dotted and t’s crossed, or having that factory saved for the long term, can I urge the Minister to take a risk on the contract, sort that out later and save the factory, rather than prioritising the contract and risk losing the factory?
As my hon.
Friend has described, this is a careful balance.
I reiterate that if we were to award contracts outside of the usual process, other workforces would also be impacted, such as those in Newport, in Newton Aycliffe and in the Hull area.
We have to take into account the whole workforce, as well as fair process on the contract.
However, as he mentions, trains are being manufactured right now and rolling off the production line up in Derby—South Western trains and East Midlands trains—and they are good-quality trains.
As I have said, the challenge is that we have produced a lot of trains over the years, and I really want to help those train manufacturers to export more, because that will fill up the order books so that they are not reliant only on the domestic market.
As it gets fresher and younger, in rolling stock years, we need to find a solution outside this country.
I offer my condolences to you, Mr Speaker.