What recent discussions she has had with businesses and investors on the Government’s net zero targets.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses and investors on the Government’s net zero targets.
As a Department, our ministerial team meet regularly with industry: for example, through the hydrogen investor forum, the Offshore Wind Industry Council, the solar taskforce, the Green Jobs Delivery Group and the cross-cutting Net Zero Council, which is shortly celebrating its first anniversary.
Car makers warned what would happen before the Government delayed the end date for the sale of new petrol and diesel cars.
Sure enough, sales of new electric cars are down by 19% in the latest figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Switching to electric driving is cheaper over the lifetime of the vehicle.
Why did the Government not listen to the warnings from business?
Do they not want people to benefit from cheaper travel?
I proudly drive an electric vehicle myself, and I celebrated the fact that 48,388 electric vehicles were registered in March 2024 alone.
Eight in 10 of the large energy companies recently surveyed by the UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association agreed that the UK is falling behind in the race to become the most investable market for low-carbon technologies.
What steps will the Minister take to reassure the clean energy industry that the UK is serious about the transition to net zero, which must include moving away from a commitment to max out oil and gas production?
I very much welcome the hon.
Member’s highlighting the importance of this area.
I am sure that he will join me in celebrating the fact that we secured £60 billion of investment in low-carbon technology in 2023, up a staggering 71% on the previous year.
We are heading in the right direction to meet our ambitious target.
Does the Minister agree that it is economic madness to pursue our current ruthless net zero agenda, outsourcing carbon production to the likes of China and forcing us to pay more to heat our homes and power our economy?
We must put the British taxpayer first.
It is crucial that we work with the public and businesses, not against them.
In “Powering up Britain” we set out our plan to secure our energy system by ensuring a resilient and reliable supply, increasing our energy efficiency and, crucially—my hon.
Friend will welcome this—bringing down bills.
The Zero Carbon Humber projects are a vital part of the country’s achieving its net zero target.
However, there is concern among potential investors—particularly in connection with the carbon cluster projects—that the Government are moving a little too slowly.
Will the Minister reassure those businesses that the timetable will be honoured?
My hon.
Friend regularly champions investment in his constituency, working closely alongside the businesses he supports.
We understand the importance of that.
Just before Christmas, we set out a road map to speed up the process, which we very much hope will unlock that vital investment for his community.
We come to the shadow Minister.