Fifteen years of experience of leading and scrutinising complicated legislation tells me to be cautious with the Bill.
I strongly admire its aims, but I have some questions to set out as to whether it will work.
With direct knowledge of cancer and deep commitment to cancer awareness, I want people to smoke less.
As we have heard, smoking causes around one in four of all  UK cancer deaths.
Tobacco, especially cigarette smoking, is the single most important and, as we have heard, preventable cause of ill health, disability and death in this country.
I agree with the Bill’s hope of reducing that suffering.
I also desire the Bill’s aim to realise an economic saving on healthcare, named as more than £3 billion in the impact assessment, and a productivity gain of £24 billion over 30 years.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Winchester (Steve Brine) , the chair of the Health Committee, is right that we should be taking the long-term view and looking for the gains from prevention.
For all that to be possible, however, the legislation has to work.
I am joining today’s debate—I shall keep it concise, Madam Deputy Speaker—because I care very much about politics and democracy working.
As I stand down from Parliament this year, this is one of the final pieces of draft legislation for me and it is a significant proposition, so I will raise some points that are all intended to be thoughtful and are based on five terms of constituency work and ministerial experience in six Departments.
In one of my past roles, I had to undo legislation that I had helped to implement, because it did not work.
The age-of-sale mechanism in the Bill is the untested thing.
It would be the first of its kind in the world, but that accolade would come only because a few have tried and failed to carry support.
The Bill as a whole has an imperfect evidence base—that is clear throughout its analysis, in particular because we do not yet have the full data picture about the effects of vaping—so what is in front of us today is inherently risky and theoretical.
It is also possible that it may be divisive by asking one group of adults to live under rules different from those for another.
I understand that the Malaysian equivalent was challenged on equality grounds and I would be really interested to know what lessons the Minister has drawn from that.
It is legitimate to be worried that something so novel may be unfair on retailers.
The British Independent Retailers Association points out that the quite sophisticated enforcement needs of the mechanism fall on its members.
As the Association of Convenience Stores adds, the “proxy purchasing of any age-restricted products is extremely difficult for retailers to detect and prevent.”
Indeed, the deterrent in the Bill for proxy purchasing is just £50, if a person caught and pays promptly.
After my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor’s efforts at the latest Budget, that is actually only the cost of about two or three packets of cigarettes.
I am therefore concerned that the design of the proxy-buying deterrents in the Bill could be fatally impractical for what is trying to be achieved.
Let us put that in really super-practical terms.
A person’s friend, a year older, may well be able to go into a shop or online and get two packets and let their friend have one, and the cost of their doing so adds up in the end to only three or four packets for themselves.
We ought to give considerable thought to that.
The British Retail Consortium says that a better policy is needed on ID.
I agree.
I was surprised that the impact assessment says nothing about the impact of individuals needing to provide ID throughout their life, instead of just up to the age of adulthood.
The document, of course, does deal with the costs to retailers of checking ID, but it is silent on the burden of asking a particular group of adults to have to prove their date of birth  for life.
I am talking about those who are or look, and would continue to be or to look, just above the age stated in the Bill.
Healthy or unhealthy, right or wrong, they have every right to buy cigarettes and would remain in possession of that right, but they would have to prove it for life under the Bill.
When I took the Bill that became the Elections Act 2022 through the House, we were rightly questioned hard about the notion of asking adults to bring identification to polling stations.
We acknowledged up front that not everyone holds a driving licence or a passport, and ensured that other forms of ID were available, given the importance of people’s democratic rights.
This is a slightly different point and I am not making a direct comparison, but for the purposes of retail, free ID—for example, the CitizenCard—is already available.
However, it needs to be renewed every few years, and a new requirement in the Bill means that it would need to be used for life.
I think the Government should have more reassurances to give law-abiding people than silence.
I said that I strongly admired the aspiration of the Bill.
For the sake of all those who are entangled in a lethal addiction, I would like to see smoking stop in this country, so I am not standing here on ideological grounds.
I am making sensible points about whether the Bill is going to work.
We have had—rightly—a wide-ranging, reflective and constructive debate, but good intentions and heroic ambitions are not enough.
If we are to do something very novel and use the power of legislation to do it, we need to have confidence that the legislation is workable.
I hope that my fellow legislators will rise to the challenges that are presented by this idea, and will scrutinise it carefully.
I smoked until 30usb years ago and it was a very hard business to stop the evil weed.
I come from a completely different era and I am considered something of a dinosaur.
[Hon.
Members: “Never!”
] But I do still hope to be here in 2040.
I wish to God that vapes had been around when I was going through the process of stopping smoking.
Do we not need to be very careful that the Bill does not throw the baby out with the bathwater and stop helping people come off the evil weed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who makes such a powerful point and speaks with such authority.
Similar points were made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) , who as a paediatrician spoke with great expertise on this matter.
It is absolutely true: it is a false choice.
It is not a freedom of choice; it is a choice to become addicted and that then removes your choice.
Every year, more than 100,000 children aged between 11 and 15 light their first cigarette.
What they can look forward to is a life of addiction to nicotine, spending thousands of pounds a year, making perhaps 30 attempts to quit, with all the misery that involves, and then experiencing life-limiting, entirely preventable suffering.
Two thirds of them will die before their time.
Some 83% of people start smoking before the age of 20, which is why we need to have the guts to create the first smoke-free generation across the United Kingdom, making sure that children turning 15 or younger this year will never be legally sold tobacco.
That is the single biggest intervention that we can make to improve our nation’s health.
Smoking is responsible for about 80,000 deaths every year, but it would still be worth taking action if the real figure were half that, or even a tenth of it.
There is also a strong economic case for the Bill.
Every year, smoking costs our country at least £17 billion, far more than the £10 billion of tax revenue that it draws in.
It costs our NHS and social care system £3 billion every year, with someone admitted to hospital with a smoking-related illness almost every minute of every day, and 75,000 GP appointments every week for smoking-related problems.
That is a massive and totally  preventable waste of resources.
For those of us on this side of the House who are trying hard to increase access to the NHS and enable more patients to see their GPs, this is a really good target on which to focus.
On the positive side, creating a smoke-free generation could deliver productivity gains of nearly £2 billion within a decade, potentially reaching £16 billion by 2056, improving work prospects, boosting efficiency and driving the economic growth that we need in order to pay for the first-class public services that we all want.
I know that hon.
Members who oppose the Bill are doing so with the best of intentions.
They argue that adults should be free to make their own decisions, and I get that.
What we are urging them to do is make their own free decision to choose to be addicted to nicotine, but that is not in fact a choice, and I urge them to look at the facts.
Children start smoking because of peer pressure, and because of persistent marketing telling them that it is cool.
I know from experience how hard it is, once hooked, to kick the habit.
I took up smoking at the age of 14.
My little sister was 12 at the time, and we used to buy 10 No. 6 and a little book of matches and —yes—smoke behind the bicycle shed, and at the bus stop on the way home from school.
[Interruption.]
Yes, I know: I am outing myself here.
Having taken up smoking at the age of 14, I was smoking 40 a day by the age of 20, and as a 21st birthday present to myself I gave up.
But today, 40 years later—I am now 60, so do the maths—with all this talk of smoking, I still feel like a fag sometimes.
That is how addictive smoking is.
This is not about freedom to choose; it is about freedom from addiction.
There is another angle.
Those in the tobacco industry are, of course, issuing dire warnings of unintended consequences from the raising of the age of sale.
They say that it will cause an explosion in the black market.
That is exactly what they said when the age of sale rose from 16 to 18, but the opposite happened: the number of illicit cigarettes consumed fell by a quarter, and at the same time smoking rates among 16 and 17-year-olds in England fell by almost a third.
Raising the age of sale is a tried and tested policy, and a policy that is supported not only by a majority of retailers—which, understandably, has been mentioned by a number of Members—but by more than 70% of the British public.
I have a short announcement to make regarding the implementation of recommendations made by the Procedure Committee in its report, “Correcting the record”, which the House agreed to on  24 October .
Hansard has now made the necessary changes to enable all Members to submit written corrections to the Official Report when they have made errors of fact in their contributions.
When such corrections are published, a footnote will appear in the print version of Hansard, with hyperlinks in the online version that will direct the reader to the original content.
The same will apply to corrections made via points of order and in written ministerial statements.
In accordance with the Committee’s recommendation, a central corrections page, listing all corrections in chronological order and updated weekly, will be published on Parliament’s website.
Further information can be found on ParliNet, or by consulting the Hansard managing editors.