Residents in Cranbrook and Tithebarn have faced frequent energy outages and woeful customer service from E.ON’s district heating networks.
The Government’s Energy Act 2023 means that district heating networks will finally be properly regulated.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline when this regulation will be brought in?
The initial phase of heat network regulation, including transparency rules, will come into force in 2025.
Some requirements, such as pricing regulation and guaranteed performance standards, require more market data and will be introduced in the second-phase regulation in 2026.
Does the Minister acknowledge that the alarming delays in track 1 carbon capture and storage expansion and track 2 timelines endanger the Humber’s status as a global leader in hydrogen and CCS, endanger £15 billion of private investment and jeopardise industrial decarbonisation and economic growth?
We recognise the role that CCS can play for the economy not just in the Humber but across the wider British economy, which is why we have set out £20 billion of investment committed to this sector.
We set out an ambitious road map just before Christmas, and we continue to meet investors to see how we can speed up the process.
I have been speaking to my constituents about the whole net zero agenda.
Although the people of Romford are very determined to see cleaner and greener energy sources, I have to say that their priority is energy security, energy self-sufficiency and energy sovereignty.
I am worried that we are not taking the people with us on net zero, because many people simply cannot afford this extreme agenda that could end up giving China a competitive advantage and bankrupting our own country.
Order.
I remind Members that these are topical questions.
I have to get through them.
Just because the hon.
Gentleman missed out on Question 18, it does not mean that he can have an extended topical question.
Let us help each other.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Romford (Andrew Rosindell)  highlights the importance of working with the public and business.
Whereas the shadow Secretary of State sneers at those who are sceptical, we have to win hearts and minds.
That is why my hon.
Friend will welcome our “Powering Up Britain” plan to secure our energy system by ensuring a resilient and reliable supply, increasing our energy efficiency and, crucially, bringing down bills.
Did the former Energy Minister, the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart), leave because he is worried about losing his seat to Labour at the next election, or because he could no longer bear to support the woeful energy policy of this Government?
Which one was it?
I direct the hon.
Gentleman to the letter of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) .
I reiterate our pride in his work and the amazing contribution he has made to this Government and this country.
Clayton-le-Moors in my constituency is home to the Lancashire centre for alternative technologies, initiated by the Government’s getting building fund.
Will the Minister agree to visit to see how the centre is providing financial and research and development support to accelerate the commercialisation of low-carbon technologies?
I agree that it is incredibly encouraging and exciting to see those developments.
I would, of course, be delighted to visit my hon.
Friend in her constituency at any time.
Energy Security and Net Zero questions has once again proved to me how out of touch this place is with the rest of the country.
The poorest 40% of UK households will be made much worse off by net zero policies, according to a report from York University.
The poor in Ashfield will get poorer, and rich eco-fanatics like Dale Vince will get richer and pass on some of his millions to that lot in the Labour party and Just Stop Oil.
Can the Minister confirm how much net zero will cost, to the nearest trillion pounds?
I am very proud of what this Government have done to protect the poorest in society from rising bills, which are the result of international factors and a volatile gas market.
I make it absolutely clear that the only way that Dale Vince, the climate extremist, and his enablers will come anywhere close to having influence on energy policy is if a Labour Government are elected.
Frankly, that is the only thing that voting Reform will achieve.
At my constituency surgery on Friday, I met representatives of the Riddings Lane solar action group who are concerned about the proposals to build a new solar farm covering 145 football fields’ worth of land between the villages of Gleaston, Dendron, Leece and Newbiggin.
Does the Minister agree that solar farms are great but should not go on prime agricultural land?
As my hon.
Friend is aware, we have a presumption against building on the best and most versatile agricultural land.
Due to my quasi-judicial role in planning I cannot speak to the issue directly, but I am very happy to meet him and, indeed, any representatives from his constituency to discuss the project in question.
I have been contacted by a popular village pub that is struggling with its energy debt and astronomical energy bill.
Such pubs are at the heart of our local communities and they are closing at an alarming rate.
Will the Secretary of State consider measures to enable them to manage their historical debt by allowing them to pay it off more slowly, or supporting them in another way so that we can keep these important pubs open?
I could not agree more that these pubs are at the heart of our communities, which is one reason why I have regular meetings with UKHospitality to think about how we can look at bills, including things such as blend and extend.
On Ynys Môn, companies such as Mona Lifting in Llangefni, supported by the Green Digital Academy, which has been funded by £2.7 million from the community renewal fund, are working hard to use their businesses to help to deliver net zero with the installation of solar panels and charging points.
Does the Minister agree that it is thanks to the  UK Government that innovative, forward-thinking companies such as Mona Lifting are leading the way so we can deliver net zero?
My hon.
Friend once again champions her constituency, working with businesses so that in conjunction we can drive up our use of renewables.
It is thanks to this Government that we changed the planning rules to make it easier to set up large-scale solar installations.
I also welcome households playing their part, with 17,000 solar-panel installations a month last year.