Thank you, and big hugs, Mr Speaker, for the loss of your father.
My constituent Joe Stean did the right thing and switched the family car to electric, but now the cost and lack of charging points have put him into fuel poverty.
What are the Government doing to encourage charging options for people who do not live in detached homes?
Is it true that the new Minister voted against the zero-emissions vehicle mandate?
It is an important point.
As a proud electric car driver, I have concerns that not all people have equal access to charging, which I have on the driveway to my house.
I was therefore thrilled when the Government managed to deliver a 50% increase in EV charging points in the last year alone.
Energy security is national security, and food security is national security.
Up and down the country there are plenty of rooftops, residential, industrial and agricultural, that are suitable for solar panels.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister reassure the country that we will prioritise those sites for our solar footprint, rather than jeopardising prime food-producing land or, indeed, our precious greenbelt?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Food security and energy security are both vital, which is why the UK solar taskforce identified the need to address barriers relating to rooftop solar deployment, including access to finance as a priority.
The rooftop subgroup was established to focus specifically on this area, and we are exploring options to facilitate low-cost finance from retail lenders to help households and businesses with the up-front cost of solar installation on rooftops.
Smart meters are vital to help families to cut bills and save money on their energy outlay, yet the Government’s own figures show that 4 million smart meters are faulty.
Is that not another catastrophic failure?
When is the Secretary of State going to get a grip on the issue?
Clearly this is an issue that concerns us in the Government, which is why we are striving to do everything that we can to make sure that we are solving the issue.
The giant pylons—they are absolutely huge—associated with the transmission route have caused grave concern in the highlands.
Can I have an assurance that strong consideration will  be given to undergrounding the cables near the communities that are affected and, indeed, to going under the ocean where that is possible?
While  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy)  heckles to say that there is yet another nimby, we recognise that we want to work with communities and respect local knowledge to inform present and future works.
All transmission projects are required to progress through the robust planning process, which includes statutory consultations and individual planning reviews, and I am sure that the hon.
Member will feed into that directly.
Forty per cent.
of properties in this country do not even have an energy performance certificate, and of those that do in the private rented sector, and in the private ownership sector, only 30% are EPC C rated.
Last year, we made an improvement of only 1% on this.
EPC C is the standard, so when does the Minister expect that we will ever get to 100% EPC C in our housing stock, and what are the Government doing to increase the speed of the process?
The pace of delivery of the Great British insulation scheme is accelerating quickly, with the rate of delivery doubling over the past three months.
We have a proud record on energy efficiency.
In 2010, we inherited a situation in which only 14% of homes were well insulated, but now we have that figure up to nearly 50%.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he will make a statement on steps being taken to prevent job losses in the UK’s rail manufacturing sector.
Mr Speaker, before I start, may I thank you for having me up in your constituency of Chorley over the Easter holiday?
I pass on my deepest condolences to you and your family for the loss of your father.