Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine the public health impacts of

PFAS exposures.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 2305, to improve the

requirements for making a determination of

interchangeability of a biological product and its

reference product, S. 2780, to require sponsors of drug

applications and holders of approved applications to

provide certain submissions and communications to the

Food and Drug Administration and the United States

Patent and Trademark Office, S. 4436, to improve the

safety of infant formula through testing of infant

formula for microorganisms and toxic elements, S. 4583,

to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to

extend the authority of the Secretary of Health and

Human Services to issue priority review vouchers to

encourage treatments for rare pediatric diseases, S.

5103, to require the Secretary of Health and Human

Services to develop a strategic plan for the Human

Foods Program of the Food and Drug Administration and

the food functions of the Office of Inspections and

Investigations, an original bill entitled, ``Medical

Graduate Investment Act'', and other pending calendar

business.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, S. 2220, to amend title

35, United States Code, to invest in inventors in the

United States, maintain the United States as the

leading innovation economy in the world, and protect

the property rights of the inventors that grow the

economy of the United States, S. 2140, to amend title

35, United States Code, to address matters relating to

patent subject matter eligibility, S. 4713, to amend

chapter 11 of title 35, United States Code, to require

the voluntary collection of demographic information for

patent inventors, S. 2082, to make technical

corrections relating to the Justice Against Sponsors of

Terrorism Act, and the nominations of Ryan Young Park,

of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge

for the Fourth Circuit, and Bobby Jack Woods, to be

United

States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky,

Department of Justice.
POSTPONEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 25

10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Marcus D.

Graham, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Farm Credit

Administration Board, and Julie Brinn Siegel, of the

District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the

Commodity Futures Trading Commission.