After graduating from Leto High School, Margarita began working on

her bachelor's degree at Hillsborough Community College.
For the next

13 years, Margarita attended college classes while juggling full-time

jobs.
She never gave up on her studies because she personally

understood the irreplaceable value of an education.
``After losing

everything, I realized that a person's biggest asset is their

education,'' said Gonzalez.
``Knowledge and skills cannot be taken away

from you.''
She worked for the Tampa Port Authority and the U.S. Hispanic Chamber

of Commerce and continued her education by completing a bachelor's

degree in public relations and communications from the University of

South Florida.
In 1987, Margarita began working for the City of Tampa

and Mayor Sandy Freedman, doing community relations and interpretation

work.
Margarita saw a need for Hispanic members of the community to

learn about the opportunities and services the city provided.
It was

then that Margarita began producing and hosting two Hispanic television

shows, Nuestra Tampa and Community Affairs Report.
Throughout her nearly 30 years of service to the City of Tampa,

Margarita's responsibilities included community relations,

communications, coordinating the Mayor's Hispanic Advisory Council,

establishing the city's International Affairs Office, and as a human

rights investigator, which is important to support a diverse,

respectful and inclusive community for our neighbors, families and

businesses.
While serving our City, Margarita established the Mayor's

Hispanic Heritage Committee, which is committed to preserving and

celebrating Tampa's vibrant Hispanic culture.
Margarita also ensured

that part of Hispanic Heritage Committee's work is to provide mentoring

and scholarship programs to local students.
Margarita won many awards for her service work, including Hispanic

Woman of the Year by Tampa Hispanic Heritage, the 2019 Latina Lideres

Award by the Latin Times, the 2023 Hillsborough County Women's Hall of

Fame inductee, and the 2021 Tampa Bay Lightning Hero award, among many

others.
She was the first Hispanic woman to serve as a member of the

Superbowl Task Force in 1991 and chairperson of the Tampa Hillsborough

County Youth Council.
Margarita made it her life's work to ensure that students in need

were supported.
She was a founding member of the Hispanic Professional

Women's Association (HPWA) and Foundation (HPWF) and served on the

boards of many other community service organizations.
Through the HPWF

and the donation of $50,000 she received as a Tampa Bay Lightning

Community Hero Award recipient, Margarita established The Margarita

Gonzalez HPWF Latino Endowed Scholarship, her own endowment at USF for

local high-achieving, Spanish-speaking students with demonstrated need.
Margarita was able to attend college herself because of scholarships,

and she said it was ``a dream come true'' to be able to give back in

this way Margarita hoped that supporting future generations would

inspire them to support others as well.
Margarita was a truly selfless and charitable leader.
She also was a

devoted daughter and loving caretaker to her mother, Angela Elba

Gonzalez.
Margarita's legacy will continue to live through her mother,

her sister Elba Cruz and husband Hiram and her nephew and godson

Michael Cruz, his wife Rebecca and their two daughters.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors across the Tampa Bay area and

the citizens of Florida, I am proud to honor Margarita Gonzalez for her

lifelong dedication to education and service.
It is selfless community

servants like Margarita that make Tampa the welcoming and generous

place it is today.
Our community is eternally grateful for her immense

contributions.
I trust that Margarita Gonzalez's legacy will inspire

others to serve their neighbors and live the American Dream.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF SAM MARTINEZ

HON.
ADAM SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

memory of Sam Martinez and to commemorate how his legacy has inspired

change in Congress.
This week, the House of Representatives will consider the Stop Campus

Hazing Act.