Humberto A. Sanchez, 22, from Logansport,

Indiana

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
David L. Espinoza, 20, from Rio

Bravo, Texas

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Jared M. Schmitz, 20, from St.

Charles, Missouri

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Rylee J. McCollum, 20, from

Jackson, Wyoming

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Dylan R. Merola, 20, from Rancho

Cucamonga, California

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Kareem M. Nikoui, 20, from Norco,

California

Navy Hospitalman Maxton W. Soviak, 22, from Berlin Heights,

Ohio

Army Staff Sgt.
Ryan C. Knauss, 23, from Corryton,

Tennessee

Standing up to Communist China

The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) represents the greatest

threat to American values and national security in our

lifetime, and we must counter the CCP's efforts to gain

leverage over our nation and beyond.
President Xi Jinping has

gone so far as to say that he will do whatever it takes to

bring Taiwan under his control, including through military

force.
From securing our supply chains and protecting American

technology to defending American biosecurity and drug

manufacturing, the nearly three dozen bills that the House

advanced are a step toward reducing China's leverage over the

U.S. and strengthening U.S. dominance.
Just one of the bills that I am co-sponsoring and voted for

that would directly affect Western North Carolina is the

Protecting American Agriculture from Foreign Adversaries Act,

which amends the Defense Production Act of 1950 to require

the Secretary of Agriculture to be included on the Committee

on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) for

agriculture-related issues.
It also requires CFIUS to review

and potentially block purchases of farmland by foreign

adversaries that pose a national security risk.
We cannot allow enemies of the U.S. to buy up America's

farmland, which poses a food and national security threat,

and I will continue to work with the House to combat the

CCP's aggression here at home and overseas.
Biden-Harris administration's ``America Last'' foreign policy

Over the past three and a half years, the Biden-Harris

administration's policies have put Americans last,

diminishing our national security and draining hard-working

Western North Carolinians' hard-earned savings.
This administration's failed policies have caused sky-high

inflation, record-high gas prices and an unprecedented

invasion of our borders.
During my district work period, constituent after

constituent--including many small-business owners--have

shared about the effects of high prices on running a

business.
Meanwhile, thousands of illegal immigrants continue to

flood our borders, endangering the safety and well-being of

every American.
The radical, sanctuary-city policies are incentivizing

illegal immigration, and your hard-earned tax dollars should

not be used to serve illegal immigrants and further signal to

the world that America's borders are open.
To reverse such harmful policies that are rewarding illegal

immigration and to protect women from sex offenders and

abusers, I voted for the No Bailout for Sanctuary Cities Act

and the Violence Against Women by Illegal Aliens Act and will

continue to push for policies that serve the best interests

of our citizens and nation.
Championing Main Street businesses

The National Federation of Independent Business is a voice

for small businesses across our nation, and I'm grateful to

have been selected for this year's Small Business Guardian

Award.
As someone whose background is in business, I understand

the challenges that Main Street faces, including heavy-handed

government regulations.
We need more pro-growth, pro-small-

business policies so that small businesses can thrive and

create jobs.
Welcoming WNC Chamber members to DC

It was a privilege to welcome members of WNC Chambers of

Commerce for their retreat during which they focused on

problem-solving and opportunities to improve workforce

development and local economies.
America's risk takers and job creators have long been under

attack from Washington, and I'm striving to reduce

regulations, create a better tax climate, and help develop a

workforce that provides opportunity and fuels our economy by

fixing how Washington works.
With my warmest regards,

Chad Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.