ADAM SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

memory of Sam Martinez and to commemorate how his legacy has inspired

change in Congress.
This week, the House of Representatives will consider the Stop Campus

Hazing Act.
This bill was brought to my attention by the advocacy of

Mr. Martinez's family, and I cosponsored this bill shortly after

meeting his parents.
Today, I address the House as a proud cosponsor of

this legislation, and I urge its passage.
Mr. Martinez was a Bellevue resident and Washington State University

student whose life was tragically cut short on November 12, 2019, at

the age of 19.
He was a beloved son, brother, and friend, and my heart

is with the community he leaves behind.
Mr. Martinez was born in 2000 to parents Hector Martinez and Jolayne

Houtz.
He grew up as a brother to Ariana Martinez in Bellevue,

Washington, and throughout his life he was surrounded by friends and

loved ones.
Those who loved him remember his fierce athleticism on the

soccer pitch, his dry sense of humor, his intelligence, his commitment

to volunteer work locally and abroad, and his loyalty to his friends

and family.
He was in the Bellevue School District's Spanish immersion

program and graduated from Newport High School in June 2019.
In the

fall of 2019, Mr. Martinez matriculated at Washington State University,

where he planned to study business and entrepreneurship.
Mr. Speaker, as the House considers the Stop Campus Hazing Act this

week, let us remember Mr. Martinez and call attention to this critical

issue that impacts students like Mr. Martinez nationwide.
My thoughts

are with his family and loved ones as we honor his legacy today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

foreign policy, border security and small businesses.
Dear Friend, Three years ago, 13 U.S. servicemembers were

killed in the Abbey Gate terrorist attack in Kabul,

Afghanistan, during the final days of the Afghanistan

withdrawal.
The House Committee on Foreign Affairs recently released

the report on its investigation of during and after the

rushed withdrawal, ``Willful Blindness: An Assessment of the

Biden-Harris Administration's Withdrawal from Afghanistan and

the Chaos that Followed.''
The committee found that the Biden-Harris administration

was determined to withdraw from Afghanistan no matter the

costs, prioritizing the optics of the withdrawal over the

security of U.S. personnel and failing to plan for all

contingencies.
The administration's hasty decisions and disregard for U.S.

personnel on the ground during the withdrawal led to the

deaths of 13 of our military members by a terrorist attack on

Aug. 26, 2021, the deadliest day for our military in

Afghanistan since 2012.
This catastrophic withdrawal not only resulted in the

deaths of our servicemembers, it has also weakened U.S.

national security, with Afghanistan once again becoming a

haven for terrorists, and has damaged U.S. credibility on the

world stage after abandoning our Afghan allies to Taliban

revenge killings.
This tragedy was preventable, and the Biden-Harris

administration has yet to take accountability for its

failures or even meet with the Gold Star families of our

fallen soldiers.
Americans will never forget the ultimate

sacrifice made in defense of our nation by:

Marine Corps Staff Sgt.
Darin T. Hoover, 31, from Salt Lake

City, Utah

Marine Corps Sgt.
Johanny Rosario Pichardo, 25, from

Lawrence, Massachusetts

Marine Corps Sgt.
Nicole L. Gee, 23, from Sacramento,

California

Marine Corps Cpl.
Hunter Lopez, 22, from Indio, California

Marine Corps Cpl.
Daegan W. Page, 23, from Omaha, Nebraska

Marine Corps Cpl.
Humberto A. Sanchez, 22, from Logansport,

Indiana

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
David L. Espinoza, 20, from Rio

Bravo, Texas

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Jared M. Schmitz, 20, from St.

Charles, Missouri

Marine Corps Lance Cpl.