2 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety

To hold hearings to examine preparing workers for AI.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine FAA oversight of Boeing's

broken safety culture.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine sexual assault in U.S.

prisons two decades after the Prison Rape Elimination

Act.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 465, to require Federal

law enforcement agencies to report on cases of missing

or murdered Indians, S. 2908, to assist Tribal

governments in the management of buffalo and buffalo

habitat and the reestablishment of buffalo on Indian

land, and S. 4370, to amend the Tribal Forest

Protection Act of 2004 to improve that Act; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 4444,

to take certain mineral interests into trust for the

benefit of the Crow Tribe of Montana, S. 4633, to

provide for the settlement of the water rights claims

of the Navajo Nation, the Hopi Tribe, and the San Juan

Southern Paiute Tribe, S. 4643, to approve the

settlement of water rights claims of the Zuni Indian

Tribe in the Zuni River Stream System in the State of

New Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt Lake, S. 4705, to

approve the settlement of water rights claims of the

Yavapai-Apache Nation in the State of Arizona, to

authorize construction of a water project relating to

those water rights claims, and S. 4998, to approve the

settlement of water rights claims of the Navajo Nation

in the Rio San Jose Stream System in the State of New

Mexico.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on Fiscal Responsibility and Economic Growth

To hold hearings to examine providing small business

relief from remote sales tax collection.