His optimism was contagious and he rarely raised his

voice.
He was kind, gracious and gentle.
His integrity was

unquestioned and his word was his bond.
He was proud of his

children for their accomplishments but principally for their

character.
While raised a Southern Baptist, he attended Catholic

Church with his family every Sunday, believing that a family

should worship together.
After the children were grown, he

found a home in the Episcopal Church and became a member of

the Church of the Good Shepherd in Cashiers.
He attended

Grace Church Cathedral in Charleston.
He is survived by his wife, Ann Wrobleski; their children

and their spouses Mason (and Hunter), Walker (and Karen), and

Sutton (and Ashley); and grandchildren, Halliday and Myers

Morris; his sister, Linda (and Ted) and brother, Mason.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 55TH ANNIVERSARY OF ALTAMED HEALTH SERVICES CORPORATION

HON.
LINDA T. SANCHEZ

Ms. SANCHEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate AltaMed Health

Services Corporation on its 55th anniversary.
As the nation's largest

system of independent Federally Qualified Health Centers, AltaMed has

been delivering quality health care and empowering communities for over

half a century.
AltaMed was founded in 1969 as the East LA Barrio Free Clinic, a

small volunteer-run clinic funded solely by grants and donations.
Today, AltaMed is California's premier community health network,

encompassing more than 60 service delivery sites throughout Los Angeles

and Orange Counties, and staffed by a culturally and linguistically

competent workforce of more than 5,000 employees.
It provides care to

more than 500,000 individuals and their families through two million

encounters annually, delivering the full continuum of services

including pediatrics, comprehensive primary care, obstetrics and

gynecology, dental care, behavioral health, youth services, HIV/AIDS

services, and senior services through its operations as the largest

Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) in California.
To

this day, AltaMed is committed to providing quality care without

exception and working to address health disparities in our communities.
In 1982, AltaMed began offering senior services by opening its first

Adult Day Health Care Center in East Los Angeles, providing medical and

rehabilitative care to older adults.
In 1996, AltaMed made the

transition to PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly), a

world-class managed-care program that uses a unique team-based approach

to provide frail older adults with medical, social, nutritional, and

rehabilitation services.
This program makes it possible for those who

meet nursing home eligibility requirements to remain at home, enjoying

the comfort and reassurance of familiar surroundings while receiving

the care they need.
AltaMed currently serves over 3,000 older adults at

12 PACE locations in Los Angeles and Orange County.
With the passing of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, more Americans

are insured today than ever before--including the 20 million uninsured

Americans who gained access to comprehensive health coverage.
AltaMed

led widespread efforts through its service delivery sites to enroll and

provide resources to newly eligible individuals, becoming Covered

California's top certified enrollment entity for several years in a

row, and earning a grant through the state's Navigator Program.
AltaMed's commitment to addressing the social determinants of health

that contribute to eighty percent of patient health outcomes and

dedication to advancing social justice, equity, diversity, and

inclusion is exemplified through its programming and service delivery

approach.
In 2017, it launched the AltaMed Institute for Health Equity

which works to inform and support the elimination of health disparities

that disproportionately affect racial and ethnic minorities through

innovation, education, research, and community engagement.
The following year, AltaMed launched a first-of-its-kind effort to

make service sites serve as civic engagement hubs for patients and

community.
Through this civic engagement campaign, AltaMed supports

local voter information, education, and mobilization efforts, provides

community workshops on the citizenship process, and facilitates

dialogue around public policy and advocacy.
AltaMed was also on the frontlines when the COVID-19 pandemic hit in

2020, and sprang into action.