The following year, AltaMed launched a first-of-its-kind effort to

make service sites serve as civic engagement hubs for patients and

community.
Through this civic engagement campaign, AltaMed supports

local voter information, education, and mobilization efforts, provides

community workshops on the citizenship process, and facilitates

dialogue around public policy and advocacy.
AltaMed was also on the frontlines when the COVID-19 pandemic hit in

2020, and sprang into action.
Early on, it established mobile testing

and evaluation sites throughout its communities to ensure patients

could continue to access care.
In 2021, leveraging the experience and

success of its My Vote.
My Health campaign, AltaMed launched a public

health vaccination campaign called eAndale!
qQue Esperas?
reaching more

than 4.45 million Latinos in the state.
By the end of that ten-month

campaign effort, it had helped vaccinate over 130,000 people against

COVID-19 leading a coalition of Community Health Centers throughout the

state.
This is all to show how AltaMed has led the way to ensure their

patients have access to culturally and linguistically concordant care

while also addressing health care workforce challenges.
In 2020, it

welcomed the first cohort of AltaMed Family Medicine Residents to a new

residency program.
Two years later, it launched a licensed vocational

nurse to registered nurse pathway program and other training programs,

supporting over 160 nurses to advance their careers.
And this year,

AltaMed became the first clinic in Southern California to participate

in the state's Licensed Physicians from Mexico Pilot Program (LPMPP),

welcoming seven physicians who provide culturally and linguistically

aligned care to Spanish speaking patients.
On November 8, 2024, AltaMed will commemorate its 55th anniversary.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating AltaMed

on this historic milestone as an exceptional health care leader,

advancing quality care for Latino, multi-ethnic, and underserved

communities in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, and helping other

Community Health Centers throughout the state scale up their efforts to

address health disparities through transformational change.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE HANOVER FIRE DEPARTMENT FOR 135 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Hanover

volunteer Fire Department of Hanover, Illinois for celebrating their

135th anniversary.
In the 1800's, Hanover's file protection was virtually non-existent.
The Hanover community rallied together to organize a fire company and

purchased a Button hand fire engine in the summer of 1889.
Later in

1890, a 414-pound fire alarm bell was gifted to the fire company by the

ladies of Hanover and a tower was built on the North side of the town

hall to house it.
On January 29, 1924, a new volunteer fire company was organized by

twenty-two men.
In the summer of 1942, the War Public Works Fire

Station was built and was used by the Hanover Fire Department until

another building, located at 201 Fillmore Street, was completed in

1970.
The Hanover Fire Department remains at that Fillmore Street

location to this day.
The illustrious history of the Hanover Fire Department is a testament

to the strong spirit of community present in Illinois and demonstrates

the importance of first responders and their service.
As a Member of

Congress, I will continue to support Illinois communities like Hanover

and their emergency first responders who honorably serve their

communities.
For 135 years, the Hanover Fire Department has served the residents

volunteer fire department in Illinois.
Today, we celebrate the

Department and commend its multitude of volunteer fire fighters for

their dedication to Hanover.
I extend my sincere congratulations to the

Hanover Volunteer Fire Department of Illinois for a successful 135

years, and I wish them even more success going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANTHONY KERN

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.