I extend my sincere congratulations to the

Hanover Volunteer Fire Department of Illinois for a successful 135

years, and I wish them even more success going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANTHONY KERN

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my honor to recognize Arizona State Senator Anthony

Kern from Legislative District 27, covering the northwest valley in the

Phoenix-metro area.
Senator Kern is the Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and a

Member of the chamber's Appropriations and Transportation, Technology

and Missing Children Committees.
He has won awards for his strong

conservative principles in the Arizona Legislature, including the Hero

of the Taxpayer and the Friend of the Family.
Senator Kern also enjoys

a 100 rating from the Arizona Free Enterprise Club.
He has worked hard in the State Legislature to help secure the

border, protect life and family values, defend the Second Amendment,

safeguard school choice, increase economic prosperity for individuals,

families, and business owners, and stand with law enforcement.
Arizona's 8th Congressional District is thankful for Senator Kern's

endeavors on behalf of his district and our state.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BASIL FERNIMOS

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my honor to recognize someone who has been a force in

the North Phoenix area, Basil Fernimos.
Basil is a founding member of

the North Valley Constitutional Republican Club.
As a passionate constitutionalist, Basil has been responsible for

organizing and leading conservative efforts in the northern parts of

our congressional district.
I am thankful for Basil's efforts and dedication to bring awareness

and educate the public.
I sincerely appreciate his service to the 8th

Congressional District and to the state of Arizona.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BOB GOMEZ

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my honor to recognize Bob Gomez.
Bob is a leader in

Republican Legislative District 3, which includes the northern most

areas of the 8th Congressional District and a population of over

236,000.
Bob has worked tirelessly to educate, train, and inspire the next

generation of citizens through civic engagement.
His efforts to work

collaboratively with other leaders have been instrumental to the

success of Republican elected officials and candidates in the state

legislature and beyond.
I am thankful for his leadership and dedication to conservative

principles.
I sincerely appreciate his service to the legislative

district and to the state of Arizona.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK OF MARGARITA GONZALEZ

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

and contributions of Margarita Gonzalez, a Tampa trailblazer and

outspoken advocate for our diverse Hispanic community.
Margarita served

the City of Tampa for nearly 30 years as the City's first Hispanic

community liaison and in other important roles Margarita was a beloved

champion for Tampa's Hispanic families and small business owners, and

she leaves behind a vibrant legacy that will support Tampenos for

decades to come.
Margarita and her family fled Cuba and arrived in Florida on July 4,

1966.
At age 12, she was one of the first Cuban refugee students in the

Hillsborough County Schools.
She always knew the importance of

education, and despite not knowing any English, she was motivated to

work hard, learn English and get involved in school activities.
After graduating from Leto High School, Margarita began working on

her bachelor's degree at Hillsborough Community College.
For the next

13 years, Margarita attended college classes while juggling full-time

jobs.
She never gave up on her studies because she personally

understood the irreplaceable value of an education.