With my warmest regards,

Chad Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I inadvertently voted NAY on Roll Call No.
429.
I intended to vote YEA.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MISSION QUILTERS FOR THEIR HUMANITARIAN EFFORTS

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to bring to my colleagues'

attention, the outstanding work of Mission Quilters which recently

completed their 10,000th quilt that will be donated to global

communities in need of basic supplies.
Mission Quilters is a group of about 20 volunteers at the Lord of

Life Lutheran Church in Schaumburg, who gather every Thursday morning

to stitch quilts.
This tradition dates to 1985, when Carol Langseth,

the wife of the church's then-pastor, had the goal of creating handmade

quilts to provide comfort to those in need around the world.
I am very

pleased to report that just last week, the group reached a milestone

with their 10,000th quilt.
These quilts are distributed both locally

and to communities in nine countries, through the Lutheran World Relief

organization.
Mission Quilters relies on the donations of materials from individual

quilters and other organizations.
These materials are then cut and used

to create a variety of quilts.
Volunteers participate in the process by

sewing and layering the quilt squares.
Working together, they produce

at least four quilts per week.
In fact, the quilts produced by Mission

Quilters could cover 185 football fields and stretch 22,222 yards.
The

finished quilts are first used

to adorn the pews of the Lord of Life Lutheran Church and, after being

blessed, are sent to various parts of the world.
For nearly 40 years, Mission Quilters have donated their quilts to

countries such as Georgia, Tanzania, Ukraine, Angola, Mali, Guatemala,

and the Democratic Republic of Congo Mission Quilters' quilts have also

comforted Syrian refugees in Lebanon, as well as in other parts of the

world that are affected by war.
Locally, they have kept our communities

warm, by distributing their quilts through organizations such as North

Side Housing and Supportive Services in Chicago, WINGS, and Lutheran

Social Services of Illinois for those in need.
The men and women of Mission Quilters embody public service at its

best.
As their representative in Congress, I am deeply honored to

recognize the significant contributions of Mission Quilters.
They have

helped to bring families together and provided support to those

affected by war and natural disasters through their quilting.
It is for

this impact that I wish to extend my gratitude and appreciation to the

Mission Quilters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 24, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.