2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 465, to require Federal

law enforcement agencies to report on cases of missing

or murdered Indians, S. 2908, to assist Tribal

governments in the management of buffalo and buffalo

habitat and the reestablishment of buffalo on Indian

land, and S. 4370, to amend the Tribal Forest

Protection Act of 2004 to improve that Act; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 4444,

to take certain mineral interests into trust for the

benefit of the Crow Tribe of Montana, S. 4633, to

provide for the settlement of the water rights claims

of the Navajo Nation, the Hopi Tribe, and the San Juan

Southern Paiute Tribe, S. 4643, to approve the

settlement of water rights claims of the Zuni Indian

Tribe in the Zuni River Stream System in the State of

New Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt Lake, S. 4705, to

approve the settlement of water rights claims of the

Yavapai-Apache Nation in the State of Arizona, to

authorize construction of a water project relating to

those water rights claims, and S. 4998, to approve the

settlement of water rights claims of the Navajo Nation

in the Rio San Jose Stream System in the State of New

Mexico.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on Fiscal Responsibility and Economic Growth

To hold hearings to examine providing small business

relief from remote sales tax collection.
SEPTEMBER 26

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 254, to amend the Omnibus

Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to

provide for the establishment of a Ski Area Fee

Retention Account, S. 373, to modify the disposition of

certain outer Continental Shelf revenues and to open

Federal financial sharing to heighten opportunities for

renewable energy, S. 482, to amend the Klamath Basin

Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 to provide the

Secretary of the Interior with certain authorities with

respect to projects affecting the Klamath Basin

watershed, S. 620, to provide for the distribution of

certain outer Continental Shelf revenues to the State

of Alaska, S. 739, to clarify jurisdiction with respect

to certain Bureau of Reclamation pumped storage

development, S. 914, to establish an energy threat

analysis center in the Department of Energy, S. 1553,

to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of

1976 to improve the management of grazing permits and

leases, S. 1764, to improve Federal activities relating

to wildfires, S. 2132, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to establish a pilot program for the

establishment and use of a pre-fire-suppression stand

density index, S. 2151, to amend the Southwest Forest

Health and Wildlife Prevention Act of 2004 to require

the establishment of an additional Institute under that

Act, S. 2156, to amend the John D. Dingell, Jr.

Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act to

authorize additional entities to be eligible to

complete the maintenance work on Bolts Ditch and the

Bolts Ditch Headgate within the Holy Cross Wilderness,

Colorado, S. 2160, to amend the Omnibus Public Land

Management Act of 2009 to authorize certain

extraordinary operation and maintenance work for urban

canals of concern, S. 2169, to authorize the Secretary

of the Interior to carry out watershed pilots, S. 2506,

to amend the National Trails System Act to designate

the Route 66 National Historic Trail, S. 2620, to

establish the Chesapeake National Recreation Area as a

unit of the National Park System, S. 2742, to establish

the Fort Ontario National Monument in the State of New

York as a unit of the National Park System, S. 2743, to

amend the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation,

Management, and Recreation Act to designate as a

component of the National Heritage Area System the

Finger Lakes National Heritage Area in the State of New

York, S. 2784, to amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage

Preservation Act of 1992 to adjust the boundary of the

Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, S.

2867, to address the forest health crisis on the

National Forest System and public lands, S. 2927, to

amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to

increase Tribal access to water conservation and

efficiency grants, S. 2991, to improve revegetation and

carbon sequestration activities in the United States,

S. 3123, to provide for the standardization,

consolidation, and publication of data relating to

public outdoor recreational use of Federal waterways

among Federal land and water management agencies, S.

3195, to designate the General George C. Marshall

House, in the Commonwealth of Virginia, as an

affiliated area of the National Park System, S. 3241,

to establish the Grand Village of the Natchez Indians

and Jefferson College as affiliated areas of the

Natchez Historical Park, S. 3346, to amend the Wild and

Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain streams in the

greater Yellowstone ecosystem and Smith River system in

the State of Montana as components of the Wild and

Scenic Rivers System, S. 3474, to redesignate the Hulls

Cove Visitor Center at Acadia National Park as the

``George J. Mitchell, Jr., Visitor Center'', S. 3534,

to authorize the Pines Foundation to establish the Fire

Island AIDS Memorial, S. 3542, to amend the Atchafalaya

National Heritage Area Act to modify the boundary of

the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area, S. 3543, to

establish the Historic Greenwood District-Black Wall

Street National Monument in the State of Oklahoma, S.

3544, to designate the visitor and education center at

Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic

Shrine as the ``Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and Education

Center'', S. 3593, to provide for economic development

and conservation in Washoe County, Nevada, S. 3596, to

amend the Mineral Leasing Act to amend references of

gilsonite to asphaltite, S. 3617, to provide equitable

treatment for the people of the Village Corporation

established for the Native Village of Saxman, Alaska,

S. 3631, to require reports on critical mineral and

rare earth element resources around the world and a

strategy for the development of advanced mining,

refining, separation, and processing technologies, S.

3790, to make additional Federal public land available

for selection under the Alaska Native Vietnam era

veterans land allotment program, S. 3985, to amend the

Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 to add certain land to

the Sarvis Creek Wilderness, S. 4016, to amend the

Boulder Canyon Project Act to authorize the Secretary

Dam fund, S. 4129, to contribute funds and artifacts to

the Theodore Roosevelt Presidential Library in Medora,

North Dakota, S. 4164, to authorize the Secretary of

the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the

Cahokia Mounds and surrounding land in the States of

Illinois and Missouri, S. 4209, to provide greater

regional access to the Katahdin Woods and Waters

National Monument in the State of Maine, S. 4216, to

establish the Ocmulgee Mounds National Park and

Preserve in the State of Georgia, S. 4218, to designate

the visitor center for the First State National

Historical Park to be located at the Sheriff's House in

New Castle, Delaware, as the ``Thomas R. Carper Visitor

Center'', S. 4222, to adjust the boundary of the Mojave

National Preserve in the State of California to include

the land within the Castle Mountains National Monument,

S. 4227, to amend the California Desert Protection Act

of 1994 to expand the boundary of Joshua Tree National

Park, S. 4228, to redesignate the Cottonwood Visitor

Center at Joshua Tree National Park as the ``Senator

Dianne Feinstein Visitor Center'', S. 4242, to extend

the authorization of the Reclamation States Emergency

Drought Relief Act of 1991, S. 4245, to amend the

Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to

reauthorize certain United States Geological Survey

water data enhancement programs, S. 4259, to require

the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to

assess the suitability and feasibility of designating

certain land as the Lahaina National Heritage Area, S.

4310, to exchange non-Federal land held by the Chugach

Alaska Corporation for certain Federal Land in the

Chugach Region, S. 4347, to provide for the conveyance

Butler Reservoir in the State of Nebraska, S. 4424, to

direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary

prescribed fire on land managed by the Department of

the Interior or the Forest Service, with an emphasis on

units of the National Forest System in the western

United States, to acknowledge and support the

longstanding use of cultural burning by Tribes and

Indigenous practitioners, S. 4431, to reinstate the

Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 4432, to

allow certain Federal minerals to be mined consistent

with the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S.

4451, to require the Secretary of the Interior to enter

into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences

to carry out a study on reservation systems for Federal

land, S. 4454, to provide for the establishment of an

Operational Flexibility Grazing Management Program on

land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, S. 4457,

to provide for conservation and economic development in

the State of Nevada, S. 4576, to amend the Energy and

Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations

Act, 2015, to reauthorize the Colorado River System

conservation pilot program, S. 4607, to designate the

America's National Churchill Museum National Historic

Landmark, S. 4664, to require the Secretary of Energy

to establish a program to promote the use of artificial

intelligence to support the missions of the Department

of Energy, S. 4851, to adjust the boundaries of the

Golden Gate National Recreation Area to include the

Scarper Ridge property, S. 4932, to amend the National

Quantum Initiative Act to provide for a research,

development, and demonstration program, S. 4936, to

require a study relating to the Minidoka National

Historic Site, S. 4974, to amend the John D. Dingell,

Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act to

reauthorize the National Volcano Early Warning and

Monitoring System, S. 4994, to modify the boundary of

the Vicksburg National Military Park in the State of

Mississippi, S. 4996, to amend Public Law 89-108 to

modify the authorization of appropriations for State

and Tribal, municipal, rural, and industrial water

supplies, S. 4999, to amend the Aquifer Recharge

Flexibility Act to clarify a provision relating to

conveyances for aquifer recharge purposes, S. 5000, to

prohibit the use of amounts from the Upper Colorado

River Basin Fund to implement a certain record of

decision, S. 5005, to authorize additional funding for

the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act, S.

5011, to establish the Integrated Water Management

Federal Leadership Committee, to provide for improved

drought resilience and dam safety, S. 5012, to

establish an interest-bearing account for the non-

Federal contributions to the Lower Colorado River

Multi-Species Conservation Program, S. 5013, to make

certain modifications to the repayment for the Arkansas

Valley Conduit in the State of Colorado, S. 5014, to

provide for the establishment of a Water Project

Navigators Program, S. 5125, to provide for certain

improvements to the housing and workforce programs of

Federal land management agencies, H.R. 359, to

establish Fort San Geronimo del Boqueron in Puerto Rico

as an affiliated area of the National Park System, H.R.

3448, to amend chapter 3081 of title 54, United States

Code, to enhance the protection and preservation of

America's battlefields, H.R. 4984, to amend the

District of Columbia Stadium Act of 1957 to provide for

the transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the

Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Campus to the

Administrator of General Services and the leasing of

the Campus to the District of Columbia for purposes

which include commercial and residential development,

H.R. 5443, to establish a policy regarding appraisal

and valuation services for real property for a

transaction over which the Secretary of the Interior

has jurisdiction, H.R. 6062, to restore the ability of

the people of American Samoa to approve amendments to

the territorial constitution based on majority rule in

a democratic act of self-determination, as authorized

pursuant to an Act of Congress delegating

administration of Federal territorial law in the

territory to the President, and to the Secretary of the

Interior under Executive Order 10264, dated June 29,

1951, under which the Constitution of American Samoa

was approved and may be amended without requirement for

further congressional action, subject to the authority

of Congress under the Territorial Clause in article IV,

section 3, clause 2 of the United States Constitution,

and an original bill to require the Secretary of the

Interior to conduct a study of Plum Island, New York.