Title: APPRECIATING PHILLIP TRULUCK; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
148

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING PHILLIP TRULUCK

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, as we approach the

anniversary of the passing of the Florence-born Phillip Truluck on

October 6, 2022, I am grateful for his contributions to Congress while

at the House Republican Study Committee and during his long tenure as

the valued leader of the Heritage Foundation.
He is missed.
The following obituary was published upon his death:

A son of South Carolina, Phil was born in Florence, South

Carolina, on June 18, 1947 and passed away October 6, 2022.
He spent his childhood and teenage years in Lake City, where

he attended public schools.
His beloved mother, Ethel Mason

Truluck, taught him American History and famously refused to

grant him the well-deserved annual history award for fear of

appearing partial.
He later went on to earn a B.S. in Finance

at the University of South Carolina.
His leadership skills

were recognized early and he was elected President of Chi Psi

fraternity.
Perhaps to make up for the history award, his mother

arranged for Phil to go to Washington and work for then

Senator Strom Thurmond--as a driver and envelope stuffer.
Cream rose to the top and he went on to work in several

congressional offices, as Deputy Director of the House

Republican Study Committee and, for over 38 years, as a

leader of the Heritage Foundation.
Along the way, he met, courted and married Ann Wrobleski on

January 6, 1979.
Mason Martha was born ten years later,

followed by twins, Walker Edward and Sutton

Arthur.
Phil liked to say he went from man to man to zone

defense in 30 months.
Phil was a born developer--of people and real estate.
As

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Phil

managed the day-to-day running of Heritage.
An astute policy

analyst, strategic leader and gifted executive, Phil ensured

the rigorous training and intellectual equipping of a

generation of conservative leaders as they passed through

Heritage's doors.
He claimed many scholars, commentators, and

members of Congress as former employees and enjoyed pointing

out that so and so ``had been at Heritage.''
Heritage was

never far from his thoughts.
When called for jury duty and

asked if he had any connection to law enforcement, he replied

that well, actually, (former Attorney General) Ed Meese

reported to him.
He was quickly dismissed.
A frustrated architect and contractor, over the years he

initiated and managed the physical transformation of Heritage

from a townhouse on Capitol Hill to the block long 250,000

square foot complex in the shadow of the Capitol that it is

today.
Along the way he realized he loved the challenges of

acquisition and renovation.
During the years when there was

no project at Heritage, he put his skills to work in the

Washington residential real estate market.
He and Ann moved

seven times in 37 years--in contiguous zip codes.
Christmas vacations usually required a passport.
He

believed traveling together was the best present he could

give his family--his favorite trip was floating down the Nile

in perfect weather on Christmas day.
He also traveled the

world to attend meetings of the Mont Pelerin Society and for

20 years spent the weekend after New Year's at Sea Island

attending The Awakening.
The August congressional recess

meant several weeks at High Hampton in the western North

Carolina mountains.
After retirement, he and Ann split their

time between beautiful Cashiers, NC, and Charleston, SC.
He

also took up oil painting, concentrating on landscapes in the

mountains and water and marsh scenes from the Low country.
He was an easy man to like, with a ready smile and a kind

heart.
His optimism was contagious and he rarely raised his

voice.
He was kind, gracious and gentle.
His integrity was

unquestioned and his word was his bond.