Wales is in dire need of economic growth, as we have some of the lowest wages in the United Kingdom and areas with the highest levels of poverty.
Does the Secretary of State agree that banking hubs can be part of the solution?
Will she support my campaign for a banking hub in Ystradgynlais, the largest town in my constituency?
The banks closed and left town several years ago, so local residents and businesses face long trips to access cash.
I know Ystradgynlais well, and would be happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss a banking hub.
He will know that we have seen the decimation of high-street banks over the last 14 years.
Banking hubs are a crucial element in keeping a community together, and in ensuring its access to cash.
We have heard this week that it is growth for Heathrow but decline for Welsh universities.
Cardiff University in the Secretary of State’s home city is axing 400 full-time jobs due to a funding crisis, with nursing, music and modern language degrees on the chopping block.
This is an education disaster playing out in real time.
Will the Government scrap their national insurance hikes to ease the strain on universities?
The potential job losses at Cardiff University are deeply concerning and will come as a significant blow to university staff and their families.
I hope that there will be sufficient volunteers for a voluntary redundancy programme, so that we avoid compulsory redundancies, and that support will be provided to those impacted.
The right hon.
Lady will know that the last 14 years of Conservative policies have seen the university sector decimated across the United Kingdom.
On Conservative policies, the Secretary of State will know that universities are also being hammered by Brexit.
The number of EU students starting full-time undergraduate courses in the UK fell by 68% between 2020 and 2024 to the lowest level in 30 years.
Surely she agrees that our rejoining the single market would help universities to attract more students, as well as boosting economic growth.
This Government have made economic growth their No. 1 mission.
The Prime Minister is leading from the front in resetting the UK’s relationship with the EU.
However, the right hon.
Lady’s question highlights the stark risks associated with separatism.
Those risks are why I will always be a strong and passionate advocate for a Wales that thrives as part of the United Kingdom.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support crime prevention in Wales.
Our plan for change will put an extra 13,000 police officers, police community support officers and special constables on our streets across the UK, including in Wales.
In December, I opened a brand-new base for Gwent police in Abergavenny, so that officers can better serve the town and restore the visible, accessible policing that our communities deserve.
In Monmouthshire, domestic abuse victims and survivors tell me that their voices still are not heard by the police.
They stress the need for those on the ground to be better trained in early intervention, which can prevent escalation and reduce violent behaviour and domestic abuse overall.
What steps can be taken with colleagues across Government, and Welsh Government colleagues, to better embed domestic abuse prevention?
My hon.
Friend will know that the Prime Minister’s plan for change reinforced our manifesto ambition to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We will do everything in our power to achieve that.
We will put specialist rape and sexual offences  teams in every police force in Wales, and early this year we will start the process of introducing domestic abuse experts into 999 control rooms, so that victims can talk directly to a specialist for the advice and support that they need and deserve.
Rural crime is a scourge across the entirety of the United Kingdom.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with her Cabinet colleagues on ensuring a consistent approach to tackling rural crime across the UK?
We were elected on a manifesto that included a mission for safer streets across every nation of the United Kingdom.
We will put police back on the beat, ensure there is a named officer for every neighbourhood, and provide 13,000 additional officers, police community support officers and special constables in neighbourhood roles in England and Wales.
The provisional police funding settlement has been increased this year by up to £1 billion.