The Prime Minister does not want to talk about the employment Bill because he does not know about it.
Last week he misled the House.
He was not on top of his own Education Bill— Order.
We cannot accuse the Prime Minister of misleading the House.
[Interruption.]
We cannot do it.
I am sure there are words that the Leader of the Opposition would prefer to use.
Last week, the Prime Minister claimed to have laid down an amendment that he had not made.
He does not know what is going on in here or out there.
Last week, I spoke to a woman running a business in Exeter.
She is terrified of taking on new staff.
She is struggling to keep her head above water, dreading what this Government will do next.
She is not alone.
The Federation of Small Businesses says 92% of small employers are concerned about the employment Bill.
Clauses 1 to 6 make it harder for businesses to hire new employees—often young people looking for their first job.
This is not an employment Bill; it is an unemployment Bill.
Given these clauses, will he drop his Bill and show that he is not anti-growth?
We believe in giving people proper dignity and protection at work.
That is why we are proud of our record on supporting workers.
The Conservatives consistently vote against any protection for working people, and the Leader of the Opposition’s consistent refrain is that there should be less, but we are driving growth on behalf of working people.
Good work rights are consistent with growth—every good business knows that.
On top of planning reform, the building of houses and supporting aviation, the Chancellor this morning spoke of the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor, redeveloping Old Trafford, and manufacturing at East Midlands airport.
We want to grow the economy; the only policy the Leader of the Opposition has got is to shrink pensions.
All the Prime Minister’s ideas are the ones that we thought up.
He needs to make sure that we deliver growth now, as well as in the future.
To grow our economy, we must get more people off sickness and welfare, and into work.
Clauses 8 and 9 of the unemployment Bill take us in the opposite direction by increasing entitlements.
The Government themselves—his Government—estimate that these changes will increase business costs from £600 million to £1 billion a year in sick pay.
That will mean higher prices, fewer jobs and less growth.
Will he drop these measures from the Bill?
No.
I think they are good for workers and good for growth.
This is the same argument that the Conservatives made against the minimum wage and every protection for workers.
The Leader of the Opposition says that they are their ideas.
She says she supports a third runway at Heathrow.
Her shadow Transport Secretary says that it would be “calamitous”.
The shadow Business Secretary is busy writing letters opposing airport expansion in his own back yard.
The shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury says the Oxford-Cambridge idea is “flawed” and he is against it.
We are the coalition of builders; they are the coalition of blockers.