Labour has been running the NHS badly in Wales since Tony Blair was Prime Minister, with waiting times constantly at record levels ever since.
The Government cannot just devolve and forget—the people of Wales need to see and feel proactivity from the Wales Office.
Everybody knows somebody waiting in pain in Wales.
Last week, on “Any Questions?”, the First Minister spoke without much detail of an injection of money that will bring down waiting lists.
Can the Secretary of State explain if there is a plan, or if it is just another blank piece of paper?
The £600 million that the Welsh Government are to invest in the Welsh NHS can happen only if the hon.
Lady’s colleagues in the Senedd vote for the budget.
If they do not vote for it, the money will not happen.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
Through our new Council of Nations and Regions and regular engagement between the Secretary of State and the First Minister, our two Governments are collaborating more closely than ever before.
This means that we can deliver for Wales in new ways—on the NHS and on rail—as well as creating new job opportunities by delivering freeports, establishing investment zones and developing our industrial strategy to attract investment in critical areas such as offshore wind.
Does the Minister agree that the close collaboration by the UK and Welsh Governments to deliver the industrial strategy is an essential element of this Government’s plans to deliver strong economic growth throughout the UK, and will she explain how this joint working by both Governments will help Welsh industry?
Does she further agree that the SNP Government in Scotland should take a similar approach to reap the full benefits of our great partnership of nations, which was so badly undermined by the reckless actions of the previous Government?
I do indeed agree.
The SNP could learn a thing or two from our collaborative approach to securing economic growth in Wales.
Our new industrial strategy is central to our growth mission and our plan for change.
The Secretary of State has established an innovative economic advisory group to enable the UK and Welsh Governments, business leaders, trade unions and experts to work together to pursue opportunities for growth and jobs, and to attract investment.
Further to that answer, I see from recent press coverage that the SNP Government are once again banging on about another independence referendum, despite the Supreme Court’s ruling.
Will the Government make it crystal clear to devolved Governments that they do not have the power to arbitrarily instigate independence referendums?
I can confirm that the hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help create new jobs in Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help create new jobs in Wales.
Since July, we have driven over £1 billion of private investment from Eren Holding and Kellogg’s into Wales, creating and sustaining over 400 well-paid jobs in manufacturing.
Our Welsh freeports and investment zones will together unlock billions in private investment and aim to create at least 20,000 jobs across all four corners of Wales.