As you well know, Mr Speaker, Lancashire is a wonderful county, full of great businesses and hard-working people, yet for too long we have been held back by an outdated two-tier council system.
The Government’s English devolution Bill is a massive opportunity for us to get back in the fast lane and catch up with the likes of Manchester and Liverpool.
Will the Prime Minister join me in calling on all Lancashire leaders to work together in the interests of our residents, putting aside political differences and self-interests, and move forward in good faith to unleash Lancashire’s huge potential?
My hon.
Friend has given decades of service to his community.
I am a firm believer in moving power out of Westminster and into the hands of those with skin in the game.
That is how we boost growth, create opportunities and drive reform.
I am pleased that we are establishing a combined county authority in Lancashire.
Our ambition is for mayors across all areas of England who can take advantage of the powers set out in the devolution White Paper, including in Lancashire.
I declare an interest as a governor of the Royal Berkshire hospital, and a family member has shares in a medical company.
In the Public Gallery today are patients who use the Royal Berkshire hospital.
Parts of its estate are crumbling as we speak and it urgently needs a rebuild, but we will have to wait until at least 2037.
Can the Prime Minister please explain to those visitors and to the House why he thinks it is acceptable that staff and patients will have to dodge buckets collecting rainwater from leaking roofs for another 18 years?
Will he meet them and explain that to them face to face?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter on behalf of his constituents, so I will speak and his constituents will hear the answer.
There was not a plan for the building.
It was a pretend plan; it was a fiction.
It was unfunded and undeliverable.
It only existed in the head of Boris Johnson.
There is the frustration for his constituents and I really understand  it.
They thought—because they were promised—that they were going to get something, which the Conservative party knew was never going to be delivered.
That is absolutely unforgiveable.
We will pick that up.
We have put in place a funded scheme to build as quickly as we can, but it has to be funded and it has to be deliverable.
That is the difference between the approach that we are taking and the approach that they took.
Of course I will ensure that a relevant Minister meets the hon.
Gentleman and his constituents to explain that more fully to them.
In China, DeepSeek has developed an artificial intelligence model almost as good as the most advanced technology from OpenAI.
In the US, they are investing up to $500 billion in building out data centres.
To build data centres, we need two things: lots of energy and, ideally, cold weather.
Fortunately, Scotland has both of those in abundance.
Will the Prime Minister back Glasgow being an AI growth zone, to help bring investment and solidify the UK’s place as the third largest AI market on earth?
What a contrast to the SNP: a strong Labour voice championing economic growth in Scotland.
The AI developments this week show why we are right to put artificial intelligence at the heart of our plan for change.
We have already secured £39 billion of AI investment, which will create 13,000 jobs across the UK.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that Scotland has real potential for AI growth zones.
I will make sure that he can meet the relevant Minister to discuss that.
In my  constituency of Horsham, my local council faces a tax bill of half a million pounds from the rise in national insurance, and my local hospice, St Catherine’s, has had to mothball a brand-new ward.
What message does the Prime Minister have for all the public services that are outright losers at the hands of the very tax that is supposed to save them?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this matter.
As he knows, local councils received an increase in their settlement this year, so they have more money to deal with the problems that they face.
They were underfunded and broken by the previous Government.
We have now put that support funding in place.
That is the right thing to do.
It was such great news when the Government decided that it was right to pay compensation to the LGBT veterans who had unfairly lost their jobs.
Unfortunately, those veterans are not alone.
There are others who have been prepared to lay down their lives on behalf of the country who have also been treated disgracefully.
I include in that list my constituent who was sacked from MI6 simply for being gay.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend please commit to righting that wrong and to meeting my constituent?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
All those who serve our country deserve our fullest respect and gratitude.
That is why we are righting the historic wrongs inflicted on LGBT veterans, already significantly increasing  the compensation available and enabling them to get their ranks restored.
I know that this is a real issue for the Foreign Secretary.
He is looking at it, and I will make sure that she gets to talk to him about it.
We do need to deal with this historic injustice; she is right about that.
Given the strategic commitment to Irish unity in the programme for government of the new Government in Dublin, may I ask the Prime Minister whether he and his Government have a strategic and economic interest in retaining Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom?
If they do, why then is he continuing with the system whereby, in over 300 areas of law in the economic sphere, Northern Ireland is subject not to UK law, but to the same laws that apply in the Irish Republic—laws that we do not make and cannot change?
We are proud of, and totally committed to, the Good Friday agreement.
Northern Ireland matters to this Government, and it matters to me.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman will know that I worked there for five years with the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
I want to see Northern Ireland secure and safe for all communities and thriving in the future.
I believe that it can be, and we will do everything to make sure that it is.
Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the loss of RAF aircraft XV179 and the 10 UK service personnel who were killed onboard.
Those service personnel were known to their friends as Steady, Smudge, Gary Nic, Pards, Gibbo, Ritchie, Bob, Dave, Jonesy and Paddy.
They were killed on a routine flight between Baghdad and Balad as the result of a poorly protected aircraft.
This was the largest single loss of life in the Iraq war.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking and recognising our service personnel for their service and their sacrifice, and their families for their stoicism, as we gather to commemorate such a tragic moment?