The Chief Secretary told us that growth is the No. 1 mission of this Government and added, “Now we must go faster”, which I have to tell him suggests a certain lack of ambition.
What we do not need is some hasty mañana moment of unquantified, vague promises of a better tomorrow; we need action now to reverse the grievous damage that this Chancellor has wrought in just her first six months in office.
Why did the Government deliver a Budget that the independent Office for Budget Responsibility said would lead to lower growth, higher inflation and higher interest rates and would cost jobs?
I have to tell the right hon.
Gentleman that “going for growth” in the 2030s means nothing to the businesses that have already stopped hiring, shed workers and put up prices thanks to Labour’s ruinous policies.
It is hard to escape the conclusion that these announcements have been hastily cobbled together by a Government who are under increasing pressure to change course but are seemingly incapable of doing so.
Why have these announcements come only now?
The Labour party had years in opposition and months in government leading up to its first Budget.
If the Government really wanted to unleash investment, innovation and the private sector, they should not have decided in the autumn to increase substantially the tax burden and the size of the state.
By doing so, far from encouraging private investment, they are actively squeezing it out.
Will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury reassure businesses right now that there will be no further growth-destroying fiscal measures in the spring statement, including tax rises?
Is the truth not that the damage is already being done?
Even before Labour’s tax rises bite in April, the economy is flatlining right now, so will any of the announcements have an impact within this Parliament, and what—if any—impact are they likely to have on the OBR’s forecasts in March?
Incredibly, the Chancellor said in her speech that businesses are what drive growth and that the Government should support them, yet this is a Government who have driven business confidence off a cliff.
They have taxed businesses to the hilt and, through their upcoming employment legislation, will be hitting them still further with ever more job-destroying red tape.
Can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury set out what the overall impact of Government policy decisions since July has been on regulatory costs for businesses?
Does he agree with the Business Secretary’s extraordinary utterance on the media this morning that the Government have not hammered businesses?
The Chancellor claimed this morning that she has seen no alternative suggestions from the Opposition, so let me give her one now.
Last year, the Conservative manifesto included £12 billion in welfare savings.
At the time, the Labour party said that the money simply was not there.
Now we are told that the Government will shortly be coming forward with plans for welfare reform—  another damascene conversion.
If they had grasped this issue when they came into office, they could have tackled the rising welfare bill, rather than taxing jobs and killing growth.
The Government’s failure to act means that businesses and millions of people are paying the price, so can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury commit today to matching that £12 billion, or can he at least tell us the scale of savings that we can expect from his promised reforms?
Some of the announcements made today are of course welcome.
The role of the Opposition is not to oppose for opposition’s sake, not least because many of the measures announced are reheated from the previous Conservative Government.
The plans on pension investment, for example, seem oddly familiar to us, probably because they are simply to continue the reforms that I was bringing in when I was Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
Even in this area, though, we must wait and see before passing judgment, because this Government have shown that we simply cannot trust their word.
They promised not to raise taxes, but they did.
They promised not to cut winter fuel payments, but they did.
They promised not to borrow more, but they did.
We need to see action, not just words.
The Chancellor talks about removing barriers to growth—oh yes, she talks about it—but that talk comes from the same person whose Budget killed the economy and growth stone-dead.
If we are looking to remove the greatest barriers to growth in this country, perhaps we should start with the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The House is indebted to the shadow Chancellor—Mr Melmentum himself—for his lecture on the need for speed from this Government.
Let me tell him that we have done more in the last six or seven months than that lot did in the last 14 years.
The shadow Chancellor asked me about our plans to work with business.
The comments today from business leaders and investors speak for themselves: our plans are welcomed by businesses, and we will be working in partnership with them to deliver for this country.
He also asked me about work.
Those of us in the Labour party make no secret of the fact that we like to support people into work—strong, secure work with workplace rights and secure incomes to help make people’s family finances add up.
That is why our party was created in the first place.
The real truth from the data is that under the last Government, too many people were waiting at home sick, unable to get NHS appointments or access to mental health services so that they could be helped back into work.
Too many people were waiting at home, waiting for training and unable to seize the opportunities advertised in front of them.
This Labour Government will not treat those things as a luxury, but will work at speed to give people the work they deserve.
At the heart of the shadow Chancellor’s statement was a truth for the country to consider.
Under the last Administration, it was promises cancelled; under this Administration, it is promises being delivered.