The Prime Minister does not know what his Bill is doing.
He should listen to business, which is terrified of this Bill.
The only workers he cares about are lawyers, but it is not just lawyers benefiting from this Bill.
Who else benefits?
It is not taxpayers; they will be paying for even more welfare.
It is not young workers; they will not get their first break.
It is definitely not businesses; they are being hammered with yet more burdens.
Who benefits?
It is the trade unions.
Part 4 of the unemployment Bill—[Interruption.]
Labour Members have not read it.
Part 4 of the unemployment Bill is the biggest expansion of trade union powers for a generation—[Interruption.]
Exactly; thank you.
The public will have heard them cheer.
Rather than deregulating for business, which creates growth, he is deregulating for the unions.
Clause 61 alone reduces the notice period for strikes to just one week.
Given that strikes are catastrophic for growth, will he drop part 4 of the Bill?
It is good for working people, and it is good for the economy.
The right hon.
Lady should keep up: the CBI has welcomed our positive steps this morning.
The Chancellor has given a brilliant speech on the economy, fixing the mess the Conservatives left and growing our economy, and the CBI has said it celebrates this “positive leadership and a clear vision to kickstart the economy”.
That is the difference.
We are growing the economy; the Conservatives left it in a complete mess.
The arrogance of the Prime Minister is that he thinks that it is his Government who create growth.
He is wrong.
It is business that creates growth.
Our economy is built by entrepreneurs, risk-takers and the hard graft of working people.
They know that you cannot tax your way to growth, you cannot borrow your way to growth, you cannot legislate your way to growth.
Other countries are serious about freeing business from red tape.
President Trump is doing it in America.
Argentina is taking a chainsaw to regulations.
Even the EU is not going as far as this left-wing Government.
This Bill will put us at the bottom of the pack.
Added to the jobs tax and the family business tax, it is no wonder that wealth creators are fleeing Britain in droves.
The Chancellor is desperately trying to save her reputation.
She knows Labour has damaged growth.
This Bill manifestly fails the Prime Minister’s own growth test.
If he will not drop the unemployment Bill, what is the point of his growth test?
The right hon.
Lady has got a nerve.
The Conservatives broke the economy and completely destroyed it.
They broke the health service and completely destroyed it.
They ruined the prisons and everything  else you can mention.
They failed on every front.
They are in no position to give us lectures on anything.
She says that she accepts they failed and they are changing, but they have learned absolutely nothing.