The Government are absolutely right to focus on economic growth, but their blinkered approach on Europe is holding back British businesses and stifling the very growth that we need to fund our public services.
By ruling out negotiations with the EU on a bespoke customs union and a youth mobility scheme, the Chancellor’s dash for growth will be more like a slow crawl in a car with the handbrake on.
In order to turbocharge economic growth, will the Government start negotiating those initiatives now?
To unleash growth through our small businesses, the Chancellor should scrap her national insurance contributions rise, and instead seek to raise the same amount of money through the measures that we Liberal Democrats have suggested: reversing the tax cuts on the big banks, increasing taxes on the big tech and gaming companies, and reforming capital gains tax in a way that would be fairer and raise more money.
Will the Government look again at those alternative revenue raisers and lift the burden that the Government have placed on small business?
On airports, the Chancellor has voiced her support for Heathrow expansion and has suggested that expansion will be forthcoming for other airports.
We Liberal Democrats oppose this, because it will deliver minimal growth at a huge cost to the climate.
Can the Government confirm whether they intend to abide by the advice of their own climate change advisers that no airport expansion should proceed until a UK-wide capacity management framework is in place?
In the midst of a climate emergency, can the Government give a cast-iron guarantee that the so-called refreshed carbon budget that the Chancellor referred to will not water down climate targets, and what do they have to say to those experts who say that sustainable aviation fuel is not realistic or scalable?
Turning to the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor, we really welcome plans that further boost the UK’s position as a European and global science leader.
Can the Government confirm that there will be enough money for the whole of the route to be constructed on the East West Rail route, and that they will work hand in glove with local authorities to minimise the environmental impacts, introduce infrastructure before or alongside housing, and maximise local community benefits?
As the hon.
Lady knows, this Government committed in their manifesto to not rejoin the single market or the customs union.
We will honour that promise, but the trade deal that the previous Government  put together was clearly not good enough.
There is room for us to improve our trading, energy and security relationships with our friends in the European Union, and my ministerial colleagues are in active discussions with their counterparts to take that work forward.
The hon.
Lady invited me to speculate on any future Budgets.
That is above my pay grade, but I am sure the Chancellor heard her suggestions.
On airports, as I said in my statement, all our plans will be in line with our legal obligations.
Of course, we recognise the need for more sustainable fuel and sustainable transport as part of those expansion plans.
Lastly, the hon.
Lady asked me about something that I cannot read— East West Rail.
Thank you.
I thought it was “EU” again—I could not read my own handwriting.
The whole premise of the growth corridor is that we will have a transport spine through that corridor that allows for all the developments—housing, lab space or communities—around it.
That is a crucial part of our plans, and we will make sure that it is delivered.
I congratulate the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer on a plan for growth that is both concrete—shovels in the ground now—and forward-looking, building on our scientific and skills base to drive long-term jobs and higher living standards.
Heathrow expansion will help businesses in the north-east, but for the sake of those of us who are not Manchester United fans, will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury make it clear that much of the investment in the Man U development will be private sector-based?
Will he also set out how that will help the rest of the north, particularly Newcastle United fans such as myself?