For UK businesses to benefit from agreements like the CPTPP, we must have a clear plan to boost small business exports.
Labour has a plan to remove export barriers, with clear information and support.
That is in stark contrast to the Government’s approach, which has been a catalogue of failures, including the recent fiasco with the Government’s export website, which was so deficient that firms were forced to seek essential information from foreign Government websites.
What immediate steps will the Department take to provide some stability and ensure UK businesses can excel in exporting?
I think the hon.
Gentleman might be talking about something that happened three years ago, which we fixed.
He talks about the export support service website.
Businesses have actually been praising it.
[Interruption.]
Businesses have been praising it; they very much have been.
We have an expert toolkit, which has been developed by business and trade officials.
What is interesting is that all he says is that Labour has a plan to remove export barriers.
We have actually been removing export barriers.
Labour talks about a plan with no detail.
No one is taking it seriously at all.
The Conservative party is the party that represents business in the House of Commons.
What recent progress her Department has made on bringing forward legislative proposals on reform of audit and corporate governance.
We remain committed to reform.
Significant reforms have already been delivered to the Financial Reporting Council to strengthen its capabilities and drive up audit quality.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland has branded the Government’s decision to leave the audit and governance reform Bill out of the King’s Speech as a lost opportunity and a huge blow to the interests of UK businesses and the public.
The Government have been promising the Bill since 2021.
Will they reconsider that backward step and make the UK’s corporate regulatory framework fit for purpose in the 21st century?
Time and again, Opposition parties seek to wrap businesses up in red tape, whereas Conservatives are keen to cut red tape.
Consultation with businesses revealed concerns about imposing additional reporting requirements, while the Government are looking to simplify and streamline existing requirements.
This week, the Business and Trade Committee took evidence from Wilko.
Business collapses such as that of Wilko, Carillion, Thomas Cook and Patisserie Valerie have been a consequence of failures in the audit process, costing people their jobs and hurting investors and suppliers.
Audit reform was recommended by the then Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee in 2019, and the Government offered to bring forward a draft Bill.
I know the Minister wants to reduce red tape, but does he agree that some form of action is now pretty urgent?
I was delighted to give the Select Committee evidence on Wilko.
The administration report on Wilko is continuing and clearly we need to see the findings, but investigations so far have not shown that director misconduct played an instrumental part in Wilko’s failure, although I think it is clear to all concerned that there were failures in management that led to the company’s demise.