We often have debates about parliamentary standards for MPs, which I have contributed to, but we rarely debate the standards adopted by political candidates.
They are not elected, and most never will be, yet that large group of people has a significant effect on the public perception of our politics and politicians.
If we want to improve standards in politics, that begins at the grassroots level of political activism.
During my time as an MP, there have been far too many instances of behaviour by my political opponents that have failed any definition of acceptable standards, or even legal ones.
Can we have a debate about how we raise the bar throughout our political system, including local party associations and candidates for office?
I hope what my hon.
Friend says will be met by agreement from both sides of the House, particularly from party leaders.
I happen to know that my hon.
Friend has suffered appallingly at the hands of a particular individual and I urge him to raise that matter with the relevant party leader.
We should take these things seriously.
I know from my own party that our candidates are required to sign up to the Nolan principles of public life, which is matched with training.
This week our sitting MPs and parliamentary candidates received training from the Antisemitism Policy Trust.
This is an incredibly important point and I hope we will all hold our colleagues, whether they are MPs or prospective parliamentary candidates, to account on this matter.
I hope that my hon.
Friend’s particular situation is resolved swiftly.
Last Sunday, I was proud to march against antisemitism, standing shoulder to shoulder with British Jews alongside my friends and constituents.
I welcome the increase in funding to the Community Security Trust, as laid out in the autumn statement, and thank it for keeping my constituents safe.
However, since the pogrom of October 7, we have seen a staggering 1,300% increase in antisemitism, with many Jews no longer feeling safe in Britain.
With that in mind, can we have a debate in Government time on tackling antisemitism and hate speech, to ensure people of all communities feel safe?