I know my right hon.
Friend is as shocked as I am by some of the working practices of SSE in providing power to commercial premises.
My constituent Philip Liddell of ACE Liftaway has paid £73,000 on deposit to SSE, but because of SSE’s delays with SSE’s solicitors, it has now asked him for an additional £50,000 to move an electricity substation on his commercial premises—an increase of 69%.
Mr Liddell did not cause the delay, but he has no choice but to pay up.
Will my right hon.
Friend find time for a debate in this Chamber to discuss SSE’s working practices and how it is holding people to ransom?
That is a shocking case.
As I would normally do, I shall write to the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, but I am sure that SSE’s diligent public affairs department is listening to business questions, is terribly shocked to hear about the situation, and will get in touch with my right hon.
Friend or her constituent before 3 o’clock, when I put my letters in the postbox.
I hope that she will keep me posted on progress.
Reading gaol has been empty for 10 years now, and there has been a strong local campaign to turn the historic prison into an arts and heritage hub.
The campaign is supported by me and  the right hon.
Member for Reading West (Sir Alok Sharma) , by our local council and by many others.
The Ministry of Justice promised us an update this autumn on this important project, but sadly, none has yet been forthcoming.
Will the Leader of the House raise the matter with the Justice Secretary?
I fully understand why the local community wants that heritage building to be brought into use, and it has an arts connection through some of its former inmates.
Given that the next MOJ questions is in the new year, I shall certainly raise it with the Lord Chancellor and his team, and ask them to update the hon.
Gentleman.
I recently visited the Falkland Islands, at the invitation of the Falkland Islands Government.
A subject that arose while we were there is the complete lack of broadband and internet connectivity.
I was unable to receive or reply to emails, or look at anything on the web.
This is holding back individuals and, in particular, business opportunities in the Falklands.
Will the Government arrange a debate to explore how we can improve broadband and internet connectivity in overseas territories?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and many Members who have visited the Falkland Islands will fully understand what she means.
In addition to stifling economic opportunities, it is a particular problem for the spouses of our serving personnel out there, whose ability to remain economically active is very limited by this situation.
I shall certainly make sure that all the relevant Departments hear what she has said, and we will see what they can do to rectify the situation.
The welfare of animals is hugely important to many of my constituents, and they were pleased to see the announcement of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill in the King’s  Speech, although they would have liked it to go further and cover issues such as puppy smuggling.
When can we expect the Bill to be presented to the House and its Second Reading?