Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 December  will include: Monday 4 December —Remaining stages of the Victims and Prisoners Bill.
Tuesday 5 December —Opposition day (1st allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
Wednesday 6 December —Second Reading of the Sentencing Bill.
Thursday 7 December —General debate on tackling Islamophobia, followed by a debate on a motion on the implementation of public registers of beneficial ownership in the UK’s overseas territories and Crown dependencies.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 8 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 December  includes: Monday 11 December —Second Reading of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
So it is another week, and another business statement, yet still no emergency legislation on Rwanda as promised.
It has been another week of infighting, division and chaos on illegal and managed migration from the Conservative party.
Apparently, some in the Cabinet—I do not know whether the Leader of the House is one of them—are holding that legislation back, while others clamour for it, with the Minister for Immigration going rogue.
The Prime Minister is stranded between them, too weak to face down either side and too weak to act.
Weeks after it was promised in days, when will we finally see the treaty and legislation?
As well as a treaty to negotiate, we have the ongoing situation between Israel and Gaza—I welcome the further extension in the temporary truce this morning—war still raging in Ukraine, a diplomatic row with Greece, visits to Kyiv and the middle east, a NATO summit, COP28 this week and a visit to Brussels next week, yet not a peep from the Foreign Secretary in this House, and no reporting back to Members.
When I last raised this issue with the Leader of the House, she said that the House must be able to “hold him to account”.
When?
I welcome the Procedure Committee looking into the matter, but the Government could and should do more to ensure that we are able to raise issues directly and regularly, now.
We have had no Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office statements this week or last, only an urgent question—yet again the Government are being dragged here instead of respecting the House of Commons, and it is just not good enough.
The next questions to the Foreign Office will be on  Tuesday 12 December .
Will the Leader of the House ensure that some progress on holding the Foreign Secretary to account is made before then?
It is not just foreign policy decisions that Members are keen to ask Lord Cameron about.
Questions about his dealings with Greensill Capital continue to rumble on.
Thanks to diligent work by my deputy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith) , the Insolvency Service has been asked whether Lord Cameron could be considered a “shadow director” of Greensill.
If that is the case, he could be subject to the same duties and liabilities as a director.
His tax affairs from the time are now under scrutiny for failing to provide details of his personal use of planes owned by Greensill Capital.
My hon.
Friend has written to the Chair of the Treasury Committee to ask her to consider whether Lord Cameron’s failure to declare that information to the Committee is potentially in contempt of the House.
Will the Leader of the House encourage the Chair of the Committee to investigate that?
Will she also ensure that Lord Cameron does not wriggle out of frequent appearances in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee?
It is not just his lordship who is dodging scrutiny, because that is the Government’s tried and tested tactic on every front.
Day by day, they are eroding the conventions of this place with their cavalier approach to scrutiny and good government.
On Monday, Members debated minimum service level regulations for rail without the opinion of the Government’s own independent assessors, because they did not give them enough time to look at them.
Yesterday we had Report stage of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill, and the Government tabled 240 new amendments, some really substantial, at the last minute.
It is outrageous.
Even the former Leader of the House,  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) —not someone I often agree with—thinks that the Government take a dictatorial approach to new legislation.
It has also emerged that the Government’s Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill not only will not apply to new flats, but now will not even apply to the sale of new houses.
We have a flagship Bill to ban lease- holds that does not even ban leaseholds.
What a shambles.
This is child’s play and no way to run a Government.
Finally, this week saw some serious questions about what can only be described as the possible bribery of sitting Members.
The hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  was recorded revealing that he had been offered a lot of money to join the Reform party.
The offer was five years of an MP’s salary as insurance for defecting.
These allegations are incredibly serious and tantamount to bribery from a rival political party, potentially in breach of electoral law.
It has subsequently emerged that the Government Chief Whip was made aware of these enticements being offered months ago and believed them to be serious and potentially criminal.
Have these matters now been passed to the police?
If so, when?
If not, why not?
Why has it taken a secret recording to bring these very serious matters, which go to the heart of our democracy, to the attention of this House?
First, may I wish everyone a happy St Andrew’s day?
I am sure I speak for the whole House when I say that our thoughts are still with the hostages who are still in Gaza and their families.
We hope that situation can be resolved quickly.
First, the hon.
Lady raises the issue of the Foreign Secretary being answerable to this House.
She will know that a senior Foreign Office Minister is available to lead on matters, and on very serious issues the Prime Minister would speak from this Dispatch Box.
The Foreign Secretary has been forward-leaning and suggested a number of things that he thinks would be highly appropriate  for how he could be held to account in this place and directly by Members of this House.
No decisions have been taken yet, because we are waiting to hear from the Procedure Committee.
It is right that matters for this House are dealt with by the Committees of this House.
The Foreign Secretary has been forward-leaning.
I know that many Members have been concerned in particular about liaison with Members of this House who have hostage families living in their constituencies, whether they are British nationals or have a connection to Britain.
The Foreign Secretary is meeting and has offered to meet all such families, and he is in touch with hon.
Members who are in that situation.
When the Procedure Committee brings forward measures—it is always sensible in its deliberations—I am sure those measures will be put in place.
The hon.
Lady criticises us for not allowing scrutiny of legislation.
Her point might have had more traction if in yesterday’s sitting we had not finished an hour early.
Part of the reason for that was that only one Opposition Back Bencher spoke in the debate.
I think we were having votes when Report should have been concluded.
The hon.
Lady talks about the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
She will know that Bills can be amended during their passage through the House, and we have committed to including a ban on new leasehold houses during the Bill’s passage, despite what has been reported.
That commitment has not changed.
The hon.
Lady talks about migration and emergency legislation, and I will put that in context.
It is slightly ironic that Labour is eagerly awaiting further legislation from us on these matters when Labour Members have opposed all the new powers that we have brought in to protect our border.
They fought against us in ending free movement and deporting foreign criminals, they would wish to take an extra 110,000 people every year from Europe, and Labour in Wales is giving asylum seekers £1,600 a month.
The legislation will be brought forward shortly, but I am not holding my breath on the Opposition supporting it.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.