Of course, the hon.
Gentleman and I have been around in these jobs for a while.
He was possibly the last Trade Minister under the last Labour Government, so I will not be taking any lectures from him on how to improve UK exports.
We have been financing dozens of global trade missions and we are spending £200 million over the spending review period on exports in general.
On the export figures, he neglected to mention services exports, which totalled £463 billion in the 12 months to September 2023.
That is a huge increase of 42% on our performance in 2018, before Brexit.
What assessment she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of retail crime on high street businesses.
The Government are clear that violent and abusive behaviour towards any public-facing worker is never acceptable, and we recognise the implications that such incidents can have on businesses as well as victims.
On  23 October , the Government launched a retail crime action plan, which includes a commitment to prioritise police attendance at the scene where violence has been used towards shop staff, where an offender has been detained by store security or where evidence needs to be secured by police personnel.
The Government also launched Project Pegasus, a unique private-public partnership that will radically improve the way retailers are able to share intelligence with the police.
In recent weeks, I, like many colleagues, have visited shops in my constituency as part of USDAW’s—the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers—Freedom from Fear campaign.
I have heard from staff about the daily levels of verbal and sometimes physical abuse they face, and the huge losses from theft.
Will the Minister say more about what the Government are doing to stem that tide of lawlessness, particularly for independent retailers who may not be part of the Pegasus Project?
Will she also say how much is being lost to theft, because that costs all of us as customers, as well as costing retailers?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
This is not a victimless crime; it impacts shops, workers and customers.
Credit is due to the hon.
Gentleman for visiting the shops in his constituency.
Overall crime is down by 54% since 2010, and down by 10% since last year.
However, he is right that shoplifting is up, which is why the action plan is so important.
The action plan works for our high streets because it is about ensuring that the police are determined to collect evidence and to go after repeat offenders and organised gangs.
Project Pegasus is key because it is a public-private partnership.
We have created an extra offence, with a longer sentence, for those who are violent towards a shop worker.
With those extra programmes of work and evidence collection, more people will be convicted, so those who are involved in crime against shops will spend some time in prison.
If she will make a comparative assessment of the adequacy of the number of statutory duties of the Competition and Markets Authority and other regulators reporting to her Department.
The CMA has a primary statutory duty to promote competition both inside and outside the UK for the benefit of consumers, which provides the CMA with a clear, strong focus on delivering for consumers.
In our recent steer to the CMA, we did point out how very important it is that it focuses also on economic growth.
Regulators such as the CMA have huge powers, so Parliament must give clear instructions about how those powers should and should not be used.
Does the Minister agree that the CMA’s instruction is a  model of the kind of clear and strong legal duty that leaves no doubt in regulators’ minds about the job that Parliament has asked them to do.
Will he join me in pushing for equally clear and focused duties for other economic regulators where, sadly, the same cannot currently be said?