When can we have a debate on the World Health Organisation’s pandemic preparedness treaty and the associated international health regulations?
Does the Leader of the House realise that there is a lot of concern across the country that this treaty will result in a loss of personal liberty and a real challenge to our sovereignty as a Parliament?
I shall certainly make sure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard my hon.
Friend’s concerns on this matter.
I know that many Members have an interest in pandemics, which do not respect borders.
International co-operation is needed, but there will be concerns about how the World Health Organisation has responded to particular situations.
I know the House will want to scrutinise such measures in detail.
My constituent, Mr Jones, had his car written off by a third-party insurer in December 2022.
Due to an insurance loophole, Mr Jones has been forced to settle the car hire costs because his insurer, Admiral, booked the car hire in his name and not through Admiral.
Nine months on, Admiral is still refusing to cover the costs and the third-party insurer says it has no liability, so Mr Jones is left thousands of pounds out of pocket because Admiral did not do its job properly.
Will the Leader of the House ask Ministers in the Department for Transport or the Department for Business and Trade to try to rectify this loophole, so that nobody else is left short-changed by insurance companies that simply dodge the rules?
I am very sorry to hear about that case.
I will raise it with the relevant Departments but, again, I hope the public affairs team at Admiral has heard his question.
This is a competitive market, and we have legislated to improve competition on such matters.
If it has not already, I hope the public affairs team will be in touch with the hon.
Gentleman to discuss what recompense could be made.
The record 1,455 police officers in Bedfordshire are extremely welcome.
Can the Home Office reassure the chief constable of Bedfordshire that apprehending illegal and dangerous motorcyclists who terrorise communities is what the Government and, indeed, the people of Bedfordshire want him to do?
One young man has already lost his life  and another has suffered life-changing injuries as a result of this behaviour.
Roads and footpaths need to be kept safe for adults and children.