Of course, we are very concerned about the high street.
The pressures on the high street are largely caused by changing consumer habits, but the Government have stepped in to ease pressures, such as through the £20 billion energy bill support scheme and the £17 billion business rate package.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about completely scrapping the current business rate system, which Labour has committed to do, but it is incumbent on Labour to set out how it will replace the £25 billion that business rates currently add to the Exchequer.
What is the solution?
It is not right for him or others simply to say they will scrap that £25 billion without setting out how they will replace it.
The vanishing of Debenhams, Wilko and Paperchase has left huge holes in our town centres— I have lost a Wilko in both Ealing and Acton.
Analysis shows that the incentivisation of out-of-town retail is  the culprit.
Labour has a five-point plan to revive our high streets, putting communities first.
What are the Government doing about all this?
I do not accept that, although out- of-town shopping can put pressure on the high street.
Local authorities have to be very careful when they give planning consent for out-of-town shopping centres that could put pressure on the high street.
That is clearly an important part of the planning process, but it is not the responsibility of central Government, of course.
I would be interested to see that five-point plan, but if it includes the scrapping of business rates, which raise £25 billion, I ask the Labour Front Bench team once again—I have yet to receive an answer—where is that money coming from?
Labour-run Leeds City Council has decided that it wants to bring parking charges to my market town of Wetherby—it currently has no parking charges.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the investments we are making are all very well, but if local authorities make it harder for shoppers by increasing their costs, that will choke off the high street rather than help it?