The Minister mentioned that more post offices are opening.
Actually, they are closing.
The Clapham Common post office in my Vauxhall constituency has been earmarked for closure and there are no current plans to replace it.
I am fighting this closure, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Streatham (Bell Ribeiro-Addy)  and local ward councillors in the Communications Workers Union.
This is a pattern that we are seeing across the country.
It has been identified that 260 postal shopfronts have closed across the country in the past 10 years.
With those closures, we are seeing elderly and  vulnerable people—people who need their post offices on the high street—having to travel further.
Will the Minister tell me what more he and the Government are doing to protect these vital services?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise this issue.
The Post Office has launched a public consultation regarding the Clapham Common post office.
The Post Office maintains that locals will continue to have good access to services.
There is a post office within a mile of the Clapham Road branch, and three further branches within two miles.
Nevertheless, the Government support the post office network with a significant amount of financial support—£2.5 billion over the past 10 years—so we do continue to support post offices.
We know how important they are to constituents and other colleagues in this House.
I am very happy to meet her to discuss this particular case.
What her planned timetable is for the ratification of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
We are working at pace to ratify the CPTPP, which we hope to bring into force next year.
We are the first European country to join the CPTPP, and I know how powerful it will be for British businesses and consumers, which is why this Government are progressing legislation as quickly as possible, with Second Reading of the Bill having taken place in the other place on  21 November .
We are already playing our part as the second largest economy in the agreement.
The Secretary of State met other CPTPP Ministers two weeks ago in San Francisco to discuss the blossoming future of the agreement.
Across the House, over a period of time, Members working with organisations such as the Trade Justice Movement have expressed concern about the inclusion of investor-state dispute settlement procedures within treaties, because they restrict our own country’s ability to regulate.
I raised that issue in September and suggested that, as the Government have done with Australia and New Zealand, we agree in a separate letter that the settlement procedure will not be included in this treaty.
I was then told—rather curtly—that it was too late.
Actually, it is not too late.
There is the potential to do a side letter, as we have with other countries, to exclude an investor-state dispute settlement procedure.
In the light of the Government’s negotiating remit for the free trade agreement with Canada, the Government are specifically seeking to exclude that procedure.
I wonder whether the Government might think again.
It is good to be sparring with the right hon.
Gentleman again from the Dispatch Box—we have both had a few ups and downs since we last went head to head.
CPTPP does not compromise the UK’s right to regulate at all; it expressly preserves the rights of states to regulate proportionately, fairly and in the public interest.
It is worth reminding the House that the UK has never lost an ISDS case.
Such procedures actually help to protect UK investments abroad.
British  investments in Canada totalled £40.6 billion in 2020-21, which will be covered for the first time by these protections.
As I say, if we cannot trust Canada in international affairs, who can we trust?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that the deal cannot be ratified until the legislation has been approved by Parliament and the deal has completed the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act process.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of businesses that export.
The Government’s published export strategy focuses on addressing the challenges that UK businesses face when exporting.
The Government continue to promote exporting, and to support companies through our network of international trade advisers, sector specialists, and the export support service.
All our services can be accessed on great.gov.uk.
In my constituency I have companies such as EyeOL, Lindal Valve, Peli Biothermal, Friction Marketing, Signature Flatbreads and 198 smaller businesses, all of which export globally.
The smaller businesses export through Amazon.
That is fantastic, as there is evidence that businesses that export can pay their staff more, but what is the best way to get businesses that have not yet realised that the world is their marketplace exporting not just to Europe but around the whole world?
I commend my hon.
Friend for being a long-standing champion of his constituency exporters.
As the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to South Africa and Mauritius, he knows only too well the importance of exports.
The Government’s export strategy is clear.
We have a clear programme to assist small and medium-sized enterprises, particularly first-time exporters.
All of our services can be accessed via great.gov.uk, and we have a network of international trade advisers locally for Bedfordshire who are able to help as well.
What steps she is taking to help support businesses in Essex to export.
As a fellow Essex MP, I can assure my right hon.
Friend that this matter is close to my heart.
Businesses can access support through great.gov.uk, including our self-serve digital offer, the export support service, international trade advisers and UK Export Finance.
My Department is helping Essex companies such as Icon LifeSaver in Colchester to secure potential sales of over £10 million in the US, Colombia and Estonia.
Kestrel Liner Agencies, which is headquartered in my constituency and last year received its third Queen’s Award for international trade, has also benefited.
We are focused on priority trade barriers in particular, which could boost UK exports by around £20 billion over five years.