Fire and rehire is rife in this country.
Research published by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development found that, between March 2020 and July 2021, 43,000 employers changed their employees’ contracts through fire and rehire techniques.
The Government promised in March 2022 that they would take action following the P&O scandal, and we now learn that it will be a full two years since that time before anything actually changes.
Given the propensity for using fire and rehire tactics,  can the Minister tell us how many employees he estimates will have had their contract changed through fire and rehire in that two-year period?
I do not have that number to hand.
We want to strike a balance between employers and their workforces.
We condemn what P&O did.
We need to bring in new measures on fire and rehire, and we have committed to do that.
A consultation is clearly needed to make sure those provisions are fair on both businesses and workers.
That is what we are doing right now, and we intend to bring those provisions before the House next spring.
What steps she is taking to encourage businesses to open outlets on high streets.
What steps she is taking to encourage businesses to open outlets on high streets.
In addition to small business rate relief, under which businesses with a rateable value of less than £12,000 pay no business rates whatsoever, in his autumn statement the Chancellor announced a further business rate support package, worth £4.3 billion over the next five years, to support small businesses and the high street.
My constituents in Flitwick have been dismayed over the past few years as their high street has been gradually hollowed out, losing much-loved businesses and, recently, both their post office and banking facilities.
Sadly, that is far too familiar for people in towns and villages across my constituency, where businesses are weighed down by high cost pressures and a business rate system that no longer seems fit for purpose or fair.
When will the Government commit to bringing forward the comprehensive business rates reform that my businesses are crying out for, so that we can get back to revitalised, much-loved high streets?