I am sure that the hearts of all of us in the House go out to those innocents who have suffered in Gaza and Israel, and who continue to suffer.
I, too, wish the House a very happy St Andrew’s day —to you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and to us all.
On this special day, I have first a word of thanks.
The Leader of the House has described me in this Chamber and on social media as “sanctimonious”, “delusional”, “treacherous” and “slopey-shouldered”.
I cannot say how much that language from a Tory is a badge of honour for me in Scotland, so I am grateful.
Even more, her comments last week about Scotland’s drug policies were literally front-page news.
The Daily Record described them as “an odd rant” —one of the more positive responses.
One correspondent asked: “Why does Penny hate Scotland so much—was she scared by the bagpipes as a child?”
We certainly look forward to her reply to that.
I am afraid that that answer from the Leader of the House illustrated comprehensively the attitudes and contempt on the Government side of the House for the people of Scotland.
Maybe she needs to refresh her Government’s growing army of scriptwriters in Edinburgh —paid for, of course, by taxpayers’ money.
No more fat- free, out-of-date Trumpian rants, please.
The Leader of the House has claimed that she takes an interest in the welfare of Scotland’s children, so obviously she will have seen the remarkable new assessment of the Scottish child payment posted on the London School of Economics website by a number of academics expert in social policy and economics.
It says that the Scottish Government’s payments are “predicted to have a monumental impact on reducing child poverty rates”, and that they will “transform Scotland from being one of the most unequal places to live in Europe to being one of the most equal.”
I feel that this House should be given an opportunity to debate it, as child poverty in England rockets.
Given her stated interest, will she please confirm that she has read that assessment?
If not, would she like me to send her a copy?
Or maybe it is really all about clickbait and social media reach, and she does not care at all.
Let me add some more adjectives to what the hon.
Lady described.
The SNP really has surpassed itself this week in being self-obsessed, self-pitying and self-delusional.
I have hit on why it is losing the case for independence: if Scotland were to take the leap, surely it would want its leaders to be the sort of people to step up, take responsibility and work hard to improve their opportunities, but despite the Scottish Government being one of the most powerful devolved Administrations in the world, they cannot accept responsibility for anything.
Given that the SNP has been in power for 16 years and in every single year its budget has been 20% higher than in England, who does the hon.
Lady think is responsible for Scotland’s declining A&E performance, increased waiting times, 70% hike in drug-related deaths and 10% increase in the attainment gap?
What about the 10 years that the Scottish Government have missed their cancer and housing targets, the rising crime, the soaring violence in schools, the lowest police numbers since 2008 or the 1,700 fewer teachers?
Who does she think is responsible for the fact that some police forces do not even investigate certain offences, and are warning that soon they will not be able to attend call-outs?
Who does the hon.
Lady think is responsible for plummeting international rankings in maths, literacy and science?
Who does she think has snaffled more than half the £1 billion in extra tax that Scottish residents have to pay, which never reaches public services?
She talks about Scottish schoolchildren, but who has chosen to pay so much less to Scottish schools per pupil than anywhere else in the UK?
The autumn statement has given the Scottish Government an additional £545 million.
We are about to hear their budget, and it is a pretty safe bet that it will not be spent wisely.
By all means, the hon.
Lady can send me what she likes, but there is a trend here.
Scottish SNP supporters will soon be outnumbered by the pandas in her local zoo.
I want to raise the brilliance of the Fromehall Mill team and to encourage everyone to look at the Stroud Times article and video as they try to raise share support to buy the mill.
It is a multi-business powerhouse with everything from bikes and bakeries to artificial intelligence and social action.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House when the next round of community ownership fund bids will be announced?
Can we have a debate in the House about smaller companies around the country that are using, selling and teaching AI technology, because they are doing an incredible job?