My hon.
Friend makes a very important point about learning the lessons from the last time we were in government and lifted more than 600,000 children out of poverty, and looking at similarities and differences, not least that there are more children growing up in poverty in households, whether in the private rented sector or in social housing, and that there are more children growing up poor in a household where somebody works.
Getting and creating more good quality jobs, and helping families into those jobs, is absolutely a crucial part of our child poverty plan.
Yet we have a situation where families with more children are impacted by the two-child cap and the benefit cap, and the Government are refusing to get rid of those things.
At a stroke, they could lift thousands of children out of poverty and improve, overnight, their life chances.
I appreciate the fact that the Government have the child poverty taskforce, but that is not making a difference to these children today, is it?
I am under no illusion about the impact 14 years of the Conservatives and the social security system has had on child poverty.
That is why we are determined to take action across government to increase family incomes, drive down costs and, crucially, put in place long-term support, particularly in the early years.
We will produce the strategy by spring.
I am absolutely sure that every part of the plan will lift more children out of poverty.
What assessment she has made of trends in the level of child poverty in the last 10 years.
The last Labour Government lifted 600,000 children out of poverty.
Under the Conservatives, the number went up by 700,000.
There are now more than 4 million children living in poverty in the UK in the 21st century.
In one of the richest countries in the world, that is a complete disgrace.
That is why the work of the child poverty taskforce, which I co-chair with the Education Secretary, is so urgent and so important.
Almost a third of children in the north-east live in poverty.
The problem is particularly acute in the region.
Will the Secretary of State work with our Mayor of the North East, Kim McGuinness, on her excellent regional plans to reduce child poverty?
Yes, we have already met Kim McGuinness, on  19 September , when she set out the actions she is already taking.
Let me say to Members on both sides of the House that our strategy will be out in the spring, but we will not be waiting until then to act.
Nationally, we have put £421 million into the household support fund to help the poorest families, and mayors such as Kim McGuinness are doing amazing work: they are working with schools to ensure that people claim the benefits to  which they are entitled, and, crucially, working with businesses to help them to do all that they can to tackle in-work poverty and ensure that working families receive the money for those children.
What steps she is taking to tackle carer’s allowance overpayments.
What steps she is taking to tackle carer’s allowance overpayments.
The work of unpaid carers is vital and often heroic, and we are determined to give them the support that they need.
We are currently looking at options for tackling the problem of overpayments, including the possible introduction of a text message alert service.
Carers make incredible sacrifices to care for loved ones, but they can be left deep in debt as a result of repaying the allowance after unintentionally breaching the qualifying rules.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we, as a society, have a duty of care to carers, and can he say more about the progress that the Government are making in overhauling carer’s allowance and addressing the earnings cliff edge?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and I agree that we need to support carers properly.
We want to get to the bottom of what has gone wrong with these overpayments and why so many people have been caught out.
We have been piloting the introduction of a text message service, as I have mentioned, which has involved texting 3,500 claimants to alert them when His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs informs the DWP that they have breached the current earnings limit.
We are currently looking at the results, and if they are positive, that will be the first step towards addressing the overpayments problem.
We will need to do more, but it will be a good first step.
There are nearly 1,200 recipients of carer’s allowance in Shipley.
The current earnings limit leaves people vulnerable to accidentally accruing overpayments if they become ineligible for the allowance, and it also acts as a disincentive, deterring people from working as much as they would like to.
Will the Government consider raising the earnings limit?
My hon.
Friend has written to me about this matter, and I welcome her commitment to making progress.
In an excellent piece of work, the former Work and Pensions Committee made a number of recommendations on the earnings rules, and once the new Committee is in place, we shall respond to the former Committee’s proposals.