The Prime Minister spoke rightly of the fact that we can barely imagine the pain of the Israeli families and those in Gaza affected over the past year since that Hamas atrocity, but it is also a pain felt acutely in our own communities, by our Jewish communities and by our Muslim communities.
We have had 5,000 antisemitic attacks in this country since that atrocity—a record number—so what will the Prime Minister do to reassure the Jewish and Muslim communities and to work with the Community Security Trust and Tell MAMA to strengthen their bonds?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
We have upped the support to communities as a result of the dreadful rise in hate crime in all its manifestations in the past year or so, and we will continue to do so.
I know we will have the support of the House in doing so.
Today is a day of mourning for all those who lost family members on  7 October  and those hostages in the tunnels lost since then, and for all those civilians in Gaza, the west bank and now in Lebanon.
Like the Prime Minister, I have been meeting hostage families all this past year.
The only time hostages got released was when there was a hostage-prisoner deal on  22 November  last year and some 150 prisoners and 50 hostages were released.
Has the Prime Ministers spoken to the Israeli Government about another deal to allow the hostages to be released through swapping them with political prisoners held in Israeli jails?
I accept my hon.
Friend’s point that it is through a cessation of hostilities that the space can be created for the release of hostages.
Yes, of course we talk to leaders, including in Israel, the whole time about how that can be brought about.
It is the central focus of all our discussions with Israel and with our allies.
It is vital that today and every day we remember every life lost at the hands of Hamas a year ago and every life lost in captivity since, and that we renew our calls for the release of every hostage.
While I totally agree with the Prime Minister when he says that Israel must have that right to defend herself, some of the decisions he has taken have led to a feeling that the Government have stepped back their support for Israel, not least in the restoration of funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
Does the Prime Minister regret that, and will he revisit that decision, so that actions marry up with words?
No, there has been no stepping back of support for Israel.
We have been absolutely robust in that support.
I have expressed it many times in different places, including to the Prime Minister of Israel.
We will continue to support Israel and we will continue to support Israel’s right to defend herself.
The House is at its best when it speaks with once voice.
It has been a year of profound suffering, darkness and trauma.
Tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed and displaced, yet the world has learned nothing.
The prospect of a two-state solution is a distant dream and the odds on all-out war in the middle east are growing by the day.
The unimaginable devastation has to stop; the only hope is a diplomatic solution.
Will the Prime Minister assure me that the Government are doing everything in their power to bring about an immediate and permanent ceasefire across the region?
Yes, and we are not doing it alone.
We are working with our allies in relation to it— last week, I spoke to G7 allies about it, and we speak constantly to the US about it—because we need to de-escalate across the region.
We have seen escalation in recent days and weeks, and all sides need to pull back from the brink.
On behalf of the Green party, I associate myself with the remarks made by the Prime Minister and others in the House in remembrance of all those who lost their lives and were taken hostage in the horrific terrorist attacks on  7 October   last year.
One of those was Hayim Katsman, who was murdered by Hamas in Kibbutz Holit.
His brother Noy had his words included in a collection of speeches and eulogies published today by Standing Together.
Noy said this of Hayim: “I have no doubt that even in the face of Hamas’ people that murdered him, in the face of their extreme right wing beliefs, he would still call out against killing and violence of innocent people.
Here, too, he would be empathetic to pain and oppression.”
Those are powerful words.
In that spirit, I express my continued and deep concern at the disproportionate response of Israel to the attacks on  7 October  and the extent to which that has perpetuated pain, oppression and the killing of innocent people.
In recent days, that response has resulted in an escalation of deadly violence.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s words about commitment to de-escalation.
Does he agree that an urgent ceasefire both between Israel and Hezbollah and in Gaza is essential to resolving the conflict?
The hon.
Member read out some powerful words, which will have been heard across the House.
Yes, de-escalation is absolutely needed at the moment as the region stands on the brink.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your words and those of the Prime Minister in opening his statement?
In any time of conflict, our focus must be on two things: de-escalation and peace; and the plight of the civilian population, whether they be those hostages kidnapped on  7 October , those in Lebanon now sheltering in the street or those in Gaza who seek to find health facilities to treat their loved ones and themselves when they suffer from attacks by Israel.
What more can we do to support the health service in Lebanon, which is now on its knees and really needs our support if it is to help the people of Lebanon?
We do need to help and assist with the health services in Lebanon—along with the other humanitarian support and the support for training and other matters that we are putting in, it is so important that we do that.
We are in constant contact with the Lebanese authorities in relation to that.
Many of us have been fortunate enough to see the good work that UNRWA has done on the ground over many years, but, to be effective, an aid delivery vehicle needs to be rigorously impartial.
Given that, will the Government treat UNRWA with caution and carefully, and remember that other aid delivery agencies are available?
We of course have to be careful to ensure that any agency absolutely complies with international law and, where there are any allegations, we must ensure that they are properly investigated and any wrongdoing is rooted out.
We do have to provide, or help to provide, aid across the region, but that is caveated by the first part of my statement in relation to the point that the right hon.
Gentleman rightly raises.
I wish to put on the record my sorrow at the appallingly violent events of  7 October  one year ago in southern Israel, and at all the days of violence we have  witnessed since.
Since the House last met, the forced displacement of almost 2 million residents of Gaza by Israel’s military action has been compounded by a further half a million people forcibly displaced in Lebanon, again by Israeli military action.
Does the Prime Minister share the concerns of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Filippo Grandi, that in destroying civilian infrastructure, killing civilians and impacting humanitarian operations, the Israeli invasion is a breach of international law?
What further steps will the Prime Minister take to enforce a ceasefire?
I am not going to accept invitations to agree with other people’s assessments.
I will make my own.
I have been absolutely clear that Israel has the right to defend herself in accordance with international law.
The displacement is a very serious issue across the region.
Very many people have been displaced and many of them simply want to go home.
That includes Israelis who have been displaced from their homes as well.
That is why we need to de-escalate: to ensure that those displaced can return back and live safely in their own communities.
In just 15 months, Iran will be free of many of the restrictions under the joint comprehensive plan of action on its production of centrifuges and its uranium enrichment.
Given the new nexus of evil of North Korea, Iran and Russia on nuclear technology transfer, does the Prime Minister believe the JCPOA is still fit for purpose?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point in relation to the nuclear ambitions that we absolutely have to be alive to.
We must ensure that Iran cannot possibly get weapons.
The sanctions, and the regime around them, must be geared towards that central issue.