In the general election, the Labour party promised that it had no plans to means-test the winter fuel allowance, yet we learn that millions of pensioners are to be affected.
Indeed, in 2017 the right hon.
Lady’s party produced an analysis suggesting that around 4,000 pensioners would die prematurely were this policy to be brought into effect.
Does she stand by that figure of around 4,000?
If not, how many premature deaths does she believe will occur as a result of this policy?
In 2017, the right hon.
Gentleman’s party manifesto promised to means-test winter fuel payments.
Until Conservative Members know that they have to apologise to the British people for the 200,000 extra pensioners in poverty over the past 14 years, and for a £22 billion black hole in the public finances, which we are now putting right
but that has put the public finances at risk, they will remain on the Opposition Benches and we will remain on the Government Benches.
I think I need to correct the right hon.
Lady: there were actually 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty under the previous Conservative Government.
She quite rightly is pressing the uptake of pension credit, but if all those who are eligible for it take it up, that will cost £3.8 billion, which is substantially more than the saving that is scored at £1.4 billion.
If she is successful in her aspiration, the costs will substantially outweigh the savings; if she is not successful, potentially millions of pensioners will be plunged further into poverty.
May I ask her which it is?
There are 200,000 more pensioners in poverty, and I am happy to put those figures into the public domain to set the record straight.
The savings we have put forward take into account the increase in uptake that we foresee.
Unlike Conservative Members, we are determined and will do everything possible—they should perhaps ask themselves why they first announced the merger of pension credit and housing benefit in 2012 and then put it off until 2028—to change things and get people the money they are entitled to.
We will bring that forward to ensure that all the poorest pensioners get what they are entitled to.