Today is the anniversary of  7 October .
This modern pogrom—the worst loss of Jewish life since the second world war—was a horrendous reminder of the antisemitism in our world and the existential threats that Israel faces.
Over the past year, many of the hostages kidnapped by Hamas on  7 October  have been raped, sexually abused, murdered, and mutilated beyond recognition.
Today, a year on, many still remain held by Hamas and other terrorist groups.
I think particularly today of the British citizen Emily Damari, who has endured a year in captivity.
Across this House, I know that we join in saying, “Bring them home.”
The situation in the middle east is grave.
Too many innocent civilian lives have been lost.
It is right that this country continues to play its part in defending Israel against Iranian attacks, but we should not forget the base cause of all these events: Iran’s refusal to accept Israel’s right to exist, and its desire to destabilise the region through arming and funding its terrorist proxies—Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis.
The current conflict in Lebanon is a result of Hezbollah’s determination to use this territory to launch rocket attacks on Israel.
Let me be clear: Israel has a right to defend itself, it has a right to eliminate the leadership of Hezbollah, and it has a right to restore security for its citizens.
This country should support Israel in pursuing those goals, but can the Prime Minister expand on what he said about what role the United Kingdom is playing in providing humanitarian support to those Lebanese citizens who have been displaced because of this conflict?
I welcome his announcements on some financial support to that end.
The medium-term question that we must help to address is what happens once the Israeli operation has finished.
I ask the Prime Minister to update the House on what steps this country, along with our allies, is taking  to help to build up the capacity of the Lebanese state so that Hezbollah cannot simply re-establish itself in southern Lebanon.
We must never forget that Hezbollah does not represent the interests of Lebanon or its citizens; it represents those of its paymasters in Tehran.
Turning to the situation of British nationals in Lebanon, I know that the Government have rightly been urging them to leave for some time now, but it is clear that difficulties in obtaining tickets on commercial flights mean that a number of our citizens are still there.
I welcome the Government’s chartering of planes to help British nationals to return home, and know very well the logistical challenges involved.
I pay tribute to all the Foreign Office and other teams who will be working hard to make sure that that happens.
Can the Prime Minister assure the House that any British national who wishes to leave Lebanon will be able to do so on a Government-chartered flight?
Turning next to the Prime Minister’s speech at the UN General Assembly, which he mentioned, I fully endorse his reaffirmation that the United Kingdom will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Events in the middle east, and indeed Ukraine, are another reminder that the world is increasingly becoming more dangerous.
If we wish to be able to continue to deter our enemies, defend our values and stand up for our interests, we will need to invest more in our military.
The Prime Minister and I have discussed previously my view that we should increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2030, and in our previous exchanges in this House he has said that a trajectory for future defence spending would be set out at the coming fiscal event.
I ask that he reconfirm his commitment to that timetable.
On this sad anniversary, I finish by saying that the United Kingdom stands with Israel against this terrorism today, tomorrow and always.
I say to the Jewish community here in Britain that I know that at moments like this, when the Jewish people are under attack in their homeland, Jewish people everywhere can feel less safe.
I know that the Prime Minister will agree with me that, across this House, we will always stand against the evils of antisemitism.