I am very happy to share the data: there are 200,000 more pensioners living in poverty after 14 years of Conservative government.
I am also very happy to publish information showing a 152% increase in pension credit claims, thanks to the big, bold campaign run by this Labour Government.
My constituents want a fair and robust welfare system, but they have no truck with fraud.
Can the Secretary of State assure my constituents that she is doing everything she can to crack down on fraud, and to make sure that those who genuinely need help get it?
My hon.
Friend is correct to raise this issue.
As I said, we will not tolerate the current levels of fraud in our welfare system.
He will be pleased to note the Prime Minister’s recent announcement of the forthcoming fraud, error and debt Bill, which will begin the necessary work to drive down fraud in the Department.
Can I share with the Secretary of State the plight of my constituent, who went without child maintenance payments for six months?
That happened not because of anything done wrong by her, or the paying parent, or the paying parent’s employer, which processed the direct deduction of earnings order, but because the Child Maintenance   Service misplaced the payments.
Will the Secretary of State apologise for that mishap?
What plans does she have to rectify that deeply flawed organisation?
I am very sorry to hear of this case.
I am not familiar with it, but I will look into it, if the hon.
Gentleman contacts me with the details.
Before I call the Prime Minister, I am sure that the House will wish to reflect for a moment on the fact that this is a solemn day.
It marks the first anniversary of the terrorist attack on Israel.
Dozens of hostages are still in captivity, and the conflict has claimed thousands of innocent civilian lives.
Today we should come together to remember all those who have been affected.
I call the Prime Minister.
Today we mark a year since the horrific attack on Israel by the terrorists of Hamas.
It was the bloodiest day for the Jewish people since the Holocaust—a day of sorrow, a day of grief.
Over 1,000 people were massacred, with hundreds taken hostage, in an attack born of hatred, targeted not just at individuals, but at Jewish communities, at their way of life and at the state of Israel—the symbol of Jewish security to the world.
Fifteen British citizens were brutally slain that day.
Another has since died in captivity.
Our thoughts today are with the Jewish people around the world, the Jewish community here in the United Kingdom, and all those we lost a year ago.
For so many, the pain and horror of that day is as acute today as it was a year ago.
They live it every day.
Last week I met the families of British hostages and those killed on  7 October .
I sat with them as they told me about their loved ones.
I will never forget their words.
Mandy Damari spoke of her love for her daughter Emily.
She said: “my personal clock stopped at 10:24 on the 7th of October”, the moment when Emily sent a desperate, unfinished message as Hamas attacked her kibbutz.
She is still held captive today.
We can hardly imagine what hostages like Emily are going through, or what the families are going through—the agony day after day.
So I say again: the hostages must be returned immediately and unconditionally.
They will always be uppermost in our minds.
I pay tribute again to the families for their incredible dignity and determination.
Today is also a day of grief for the wider region, as we look back on a year of conflict and suffering.
The human toll among innocent civilians in Gaza is truly devastating.
Over 41,000 Palestinians have been killed, tens of thousands orphaned and almost 2 million displaced, facing disease, starvation and desperation without proper healthcare or shelter.
It is a living nightmare and it must end.
We stand with all innocent victims in Israel, Gaza, the west bank, Lebanon and beyond, and we stand with all communities here in the United Kingdom against hatred of Jews or Muslims, because any attack on a minority is an attack on our proud values of tolerance and respect, and we will not stand for it.
With the middle east close to the brink, and the very real danger of a regional war, last week the Iranian regime chose to strike Israel.
The whole House will join me in utterly condemning this attack.
We support Israel’s right to defend herself against Iran’s aggression in line with international law.
Let us be very clear: this was not a defensive action by Iran; it was an act of aggression and a major escalation in response to the death of a terrorist leader.
It exposes once again Iran’s malign role  in the region.
It helped equip Hamas for the  7 October  attacks.
It armed Hezbollah, which launched a year-long barrage of rockets at northern Israel, forcing 60,000 Israelis to flee their home, and supports the Houthis, who mount direct attacks on Israel and continue to attack international shipping.
I know the whole House will join me in thanking our brave servicemen and servicewomen, who have shown their usual courage in countering this threat, but make no mistake: the region cannot endure another year of this.
Civilians on all sides have suffered too much.
All sides must now step back from the brink and find the courage of restraint.
There is no military solution to these challenges, so we must renew our diplomatic efforts.
Together with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, I have had discussions with the leaders of Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, the G7 and the European Union, and made the case at the United Nations for political solutions to end the fighting.
In the weeks ahead, we will continue that work, focusing on three areas.
The first is Lebanon, where our immediate priority is the safety of British citizens.
Our team is on the ground, helping to get people out.
We have already brought more than 430 people home on chartered flights, and we stand ready to make additional evacuation efforts as necessary.
I again give this important message to British citizens still in Lebanon: you must leave now.
We are also working to ease the humanitarian crisis in Lebanon—last week we provided £10 million of vital support, in addition to the £5 million we are already providing to UNICEF—but the situation cannot go on.
We will continue to lead calls for an immediate ceasefire, and for the return to a political plan for Lebanon based on Security Council resolution 1701, which requires Hezbollah to withdraw north of the Litani river.
They must stop firing rockets and end this now, so that people on both sides of the border can return to their homes.
Secondly, we must renew efforts for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, but we cannot simply wait for that to happen.
We must do more now to provide relief to the civilian population.
That is why we have restarted aid to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
We are supporting field hospitals, and the delivery of water, healthcare and treatment for malnourished children, but the ongoing restrictions on aid are impossible to justify.
Israel must open more crossings and allow lifesaving aid to flow.
Crucially, Israel must provide a safe environment for aid workers.
Too many have been killed, including three British citizens.
Israel must act now, so that, together with our allies, we can surge humanitarian support ahead of winter.
Thirdly, we must put in place solutions for the long term, to break the relentless cycle of violence.
The ultimate goal here is well understood: it must be a two-state solution.
There is no other option that offers stability and security.
We need to build a political route towards it, so that Israel is finally safe and secure, alongside the long-promised Palestinian state.
That requires support for the Palestinian Authority to step into the vacuum in Gaza; it requires an urgent international effort to support reconstruction; and it requires guarantees for Israel’s security.
We will work with our allies and partners to that end, but the key to all this remains a ceasefire in Gaza now, the unconditional release of the  hostages, and the unhindered flow of aid.
That is the fundamental first step to change the trajectory of the region.
Nobody in this House can truly imagine what it feels like to cower under the bodies of their friends, hoping a terrorist will not find them, mere minutes after dancing at a music festival.
Nobody in this House can truly imagine seeing their city, home, schools, hospitals and businesses obliterated, with their neighbours and family buried underneath.
It is beyond our comprehension, and with that should come a humility.
It is hard even to understand the full depth of this pain, but what we can do is remember.
What we can do is respect and listen to the voices that reach out to us at these moments, and what we can do is use the power of diplomacy to try to find practical steps that minimise the suffering on the ground and work towards that long-term solution, so that a year of such terrible and bloody conflict can never happen again.
That is what we have done on the Labour Benches, it is what the whole House has done, and it is what this Government will continue to do.
I commend this statement to the House.