The Secretary of State has today published 31 research papers commissioned but hidden by the previous Government, which among other things provide valuable insight into the experience of disabled people applying for personal independence payments in order to live and work independently.
Why does the Minister think the last Government chose not to publish these findings?
My hon.
Friend asks an extremely good question.
The policy of the previous Government was to publish all such commissioned research reports within 12 weeks of receiving them.
That policy was complied with until 2018, when Ministers stopped complying with it, so we have had to publish all these reports today.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State’s announcement is a vital first step in rebuilding the trust in the Department that was so shattered by the culture of secrecy, obfuscation and cover-up by Conservative Ministers.
In response to several hon.
Members, Ministers have spoken about the complexity of the ombudsman’s report on the WASPI campaign.
While appreciating that, may I ask for a statement in principle that the Government will eventually offer significant compensation to the WASPI women?
As I said previously, the ombudsman took six years to consider this complex case.
We are looking into it very seriously, but I cannot make any announcements today.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have to wait for our announcement on this issue.
The Government’s proposed youth guarantee will help to ensure that young people are either learning or earning.
Of course, the young person’s guarantee is already a key commitment of the Labour-run Welsh Government.
Can the Minister assure me and my Cardiff West constituents that this Government will learn from the work being done in Wales?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will work with the Welsh Government, Welsh local authorities and all our colleagues across the United Kingdom to get the policy right for young people, who I believe have been failed over recent years.
It is about time they had the future they deserve.
With employers in Witham and across the country about to be whacked with a barrage of higher taxes, thanks to this Government, how do the Government expect employment levels to stay high?
How do they expect small businesses to be at the heart of any employment strategy that they claim to have?
Under the previous Government, we had the highest taxes in 70 years, and jobcentres to which only one in six employers ever went to recruit.
We will transform our jobcentres into a new jobs and careers service, so that people get the help they need, and so that employers can recruit the staff they desperately need.