The Secretary of State was asked— What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
May I say briefly, Mr Speaker, that as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister has said,  7 October  last year was the deadliest day in Jewish history since the Holocaust, and we stand firm in our commitment to bring the remaining hostages home and secure the immediate ceasefire and aid that civilians in Gaza and Lebanon desperately need.
An estimated 880,000 of the poorest pensioners are not claiming the pension credit they are entitled to, so they do not get the winter fuel payment or pension credit of up to £3,900 a year.
That is why we have launched the biggest ever drive to increase pension credit uptake and ensure that the poorest pensioners get the support they deserve.
Having spent the run-up to the election scaring pensioners into voting for them by claiming it was the Conservative Government who were a threat to their wellbeing, some of our poorest pensioners will now be forced to find out how difficult it is to keep warm huddled around Labour’s gaslight.
Given that the Government’s own equality analysis states that only 100,000 of the 880,000 pensioners who are eligible for pension credit are expected to apply for it, if all those who are eligible do apply, how much more will that cost compared with the initial saving from removing the winter fuel payment?
I say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that upon coming into government, we discovered that 880,000 pensioners are not claiming the pension credit they are entitled to.
Given that his former Government failed to  take action to deal with that issue, I suggest that instead of making that point, he works with his council to increase pension credit uptake and looks at the £1.8 million we have given to Peterborough council to make sure that all the help for pensioners, including on winter fuel, is made available.
I remain deeply concerned about the pensioners in my constituency who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment this winter—we are now into October.
Given that we now know that just 14% of pensioners in absolute poverty receive pension credit, how can the Minister justify her Government’s claim that they are focusing support on those in the greatest need?
Again, I say to the right hon.
Lady that the reason so many of the poorest pensioners are missing out is that her Government failed to increase pension credit uptake.
We have launched the biggest ever programme to increase uptake of pension credit.
For the first time, we will be writing to all pensioners on housing benefit, and I urge the right hon.
Lady to work with her local council and others to make sure that the poorest in her constituency get the money they are entitled to.
Over 18,000 people in my constituency will lose the winter fuel payment, but this is not about figures; it is about individuals, which is why I am running a pensioners advisory service on Friday to help them with this issue.
This is about people, so what does the Secretary of State say to people such as Rita in my constituency, who is looking after her husband who has multiple sclerosis and who will not be eligible for pension credit and therefore the winter fuel payment?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has focused over many years on health and healthcare issues, and I would say to him that we are in this situation because his Government left a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Unlike Conservative Members, we take our responsibilities seriously, and I would urge him to work with his councils—they have received £7.1 million in Hampshire and £5.3 million in Surrey from the household support fund—to make sure that all pensioners get the money they are entitled to.