The Prime Minister has rightly pointed out that the conflict in the middle east has been manipulated and sponsored by the Iranian regime.
We should stand by Israel, which is bearing the burden, taking the risks and standing up to world opinion in taking on Iran and its proxy terrorist groups.
What part can our Government play in putting pressure on the Iranian regime, and why is it that the revolutionary guards who are sponsoring much of this terrorism can still operate freely in London?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that we must stand by Israel and be absolutely clear about Israel’s right to defend herself, particularly at this time of escalation by Iran.
On the Iranian regime, we have to be really clear that we stand with Israel and clear in condemning Iran, and we have to do that with our allies with one voice, so that the message is heard very powerfully.
May I associate myself with the condemnation of the atrocities committed by Hamas a year ago?
That said, there is a growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and the restriction on aid is unacceptable.
What more can the international community do to achieve the free movement of aid into Gaza?
I addressed that in my statement: we need to get more humanitarian aid in; it is desperately needed, and has been needed for a very long time.
That is why we continue to press for that aid to go in, and for the protection to go in for those who will be delivering it once the aid gets into Gaza, as is desperately needed.
Since the barbaric attack on  7 October , we have seen an explosion in antisemitism and extremism on the streets of our own country.
Only on Saturday, we saw people flagrantly valorising Hezbollah in London.
We must root out  those who despise our country and our values.
What will the Prime Minister do to revoke the visas, where appropriate, of those in the UK who are conducting themselves in this manner, to encourage the police to enforce our existing laws without fear or favour, and to further ban and proscribe organisations such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps which do not support the UK, our values, and the way we wish to conduct ourselves in the world?
We are proud of the democratic right to protest in this country, but supporting a proscribed terrorist group is unacceptable, and we need to be very clear about that and give the police our full support in taking the action they need to take in relation to that, wherever it is in the United Kingdom.
As we mark the anniversary of the horrific Hamas attacks, the subsequent colossal death and destruction and the ensuing escalation in the region, we should say for anybody in any doubt in the country that Iran is no friend of ours.
Indeed, it is disliked by many of its neighbouring Arab nations for its destabilising activities in the region.
It was abundantly clear to many of us that as soon Iran came to the aid of its proxy Hezbollah, Israel’s allies would come to its aid to protect it from Iranian missiles.
However, it is extremely frustrating that Prime Minister Netanyahu continues to ignore the international community and the UN Security Council resolutions.
Our own Prime Minister was one of the first to call for an immediate ceasefire between Lebanon and Israel, and this UK Parliament voted eight months ago for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
How exactly will the UK Government help to bring all sides to the negotiating table and secure peace?
My hon.
Friend’s comments about Iran are absolutely right.
We must stand with Israel in the face of the attacks, wherever they come from and wherever they are sponsored.
In direct answer to his question, we are working with our allies on de-escalation.
We are working with the US in particular on its plan for a ceasefire, because it is only through a ceasefire that we can create the space for the hostages to be safely released, for the aid to get into the region and for a foot in the door for a political two-state solution, which is the only way to lasting peace.