On  10 September , two days before recess, I led a debate in this Chamber, secured by the Conservative party, on the winter fuel allowance.
The right hon.
Lady spoke just now about transparency, but there was no equality impact assessment made available for that debate.
Indeed, on  30 August , by way of a written question, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans)  established that the Government had no intention of publishing that particular report.
Yet on  13 September —two days after the debate and the vote, and one day after Parliament had risen—the report was made available.
It was clearly, in my opinion, deliberately withheld.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree?
That is not true.
The Conservative Government did not even allow the Office for Budget Responsibility to do an analysis of Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-Budget and sat on 31 publications that, under their own rules, should have been published.
We published an equality analysis.
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that that was never done for secondary legislation when he was in government, but this Government will be open and transparent, which is what we are already doing.
Since the election, numerous constituents have contacted me to raise concerns about the Child Maintenance Service’s inefficiency in collecting arrears payments.
Can the Minister outline the measures being taken to enhance the service’s effectiveness in this area?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise this issue.
He will be pleased to know that this Government are looking to utilise new powers to obtain a liability order without recourse to the courts, reducing the time taken to secure such an order from 22 weeks to around six.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Mr Speaker, may I draw your attention to a report recently published by the University of Bath, which highlights that benefit claimants face a series of cliff edges if they claim additional funds?
If a family earn just £7,399, they lose the ability to claim free school meals.
What plans does the Minister have to tackle the lack of compassion in the system?
I am not familiar with the report to which the hon.
Member refers, but we committed in our manifesto to reviewing universal credit, nearly 15 years after it was first launched.
The cliff edge issue and others will be among those that we will want to look at in the course of that review.
After 14 years of Tory economic chaos and 17 years of Scottish National party public service failure, as many as one in four children in my constituency now live in poverty.
Last year the Scottish Children’s Commissioner said that the former First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, had “absolutely” failed young people in Scotland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that tackling child poverty will be a crucial part of the work of this Labour Government?
As part of the important work that she is doing with the taskforce to develop a new child poverty strategy, will she come to my constituency— Order.
These are topical questions, so please can we keep them short?
I have to try and get through the list to help others.
My hon.
Friend has raised these issues with me before, and I will absolutely meet children, families and child poverty organisations from her constituency.
We aim to visit every region and every devolved nation as part of that strategy, and I look forward to meeting her and her constituents then.
Data from Marie Curie suggests that 90,000 people die in poverty every year, many of them after a terminal diagnosis.
Even with the help of the special rules system, there have been reports of terminally ill people facing mounds of red tape when trying to claim benefits.
Is the Minister satisfied that the current 12-month limit on special rules is sufficient, and has she assessed how the current administrative burden on terminally ill people claiming benefits can be reduced?
The hon.
Lady raises an extremely important question, which I have discussed with a hospice and other organisations such as Marie Curie and Sue Ryder in my own constituency.
I want to look at how the system can be made to work as quickly and swiftly as possible, particularly for people at this very difficult time in life, and I would be happy for the Social Security Minister and my office to contact her directly to get more information.
Research by Sense has found that none of the computers in jobcentres across Britain are equipped with specialist assistive technology, and it has estimated that it would cost £5 million to ensure that every jobcentre had that specialist assistive technology.
Will the Minister commit to introducing a jobcentre assistive technology fund in order to aid disabled people in their quest to look for work?
My hon.
Friend is an absolute expert on this kind of inclusive change that we need to make to our employment  support system so that we can help everybody, and I look forward to working with her on ideas just like that when we bring forward our White Paper in the autumn.
Members of the AEAT pension scheme have collectively lost millions of pounds from their pensions, despite being told that they would be no less favourable following the privatisation of their pension scheme in 1996.
The Public Accounts Committee found that they had received inadequate information from the Government and lost money as a result.
Will the Minister provide a clear timescale for redress for AEAT pensioners in this unique case, as promised by a previous Pensions Minister?