There are many different opinions on policy in the middle east, but does the Prime Minister agree that what must surely unite everyone in this House is our profound detestation of antisemitism in all its shapes and forces, as well as our profound love for the Jewish people on their day of suffering, especially as many of those who were murdered at the music festival and in the kibbutz were actively working for peace?
Will he reflect that there are still many people—many Jewish and Arab people—who want a moderate solution, and that we should give them our support?
I agree wholeheartedly with the right hon.
Gentleman on antisemitism, and on our love for—and on standing with—the Jewish people, both across the globe and here in the United Kingdom.
Many of them want nothing more than peace and security for themselves and their families, and we will continue to work with them.
I agree with his remarks and the sentiment behind them.
I very much agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend’s comments about the need for all sides to work towards a two-state solution.
Does he therefore understand the wider concern at the Israeli Prime Minister saying repeatedly in recent weeks that he does not support a two-state solution, either now or in the future?
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend understand the frustration and anger that that creates among many Palestinians, particularly young ones, and that it breeds a climate in which hostility and violence are likely to increase rather than decrease?
What can he do to change the Israeli Prime Minister’s mind?
We have to be very clear that the two-state solution is the only viable long-term route through this conflict.
Recognition has to be a question of when, not if.
Israel has a right to be safe and secure—it is not—and we must have a viable Palestinian state.
However difficult that may seem at the moment, we must never lose sight of that being, in the end, the only political solution to this awful conflict.
We are a year on from when 1,200 Jewish people were systematically murdered.
Those who were women were raped and mutilated; 254 were taken hostage into Gaza, and 101 remain unaccounted for.
I agree with the Prime Minister that we need to make sure the hostages are returned immediately, but the first aspect of that is ensuring that the International Committee of the Red Cross has access to all those hostages in order to assess their state of health and, indeed, whether they are still alive.
Will the Prime Minister press for that, to make sure that we know how many are still alive and can be returned to their families?
For those who have sadly been murdered, at least their families will know what has happened to them.
Yes, that is very important.
When spending any time with the families, you get a real sense of the agony they are going through, which is made even worse by the fact that they do not have any meaningful information about their loved ones.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman: that is an essential step to at least reduce some of the agony.
We in my constituency stand today with our neighbour Sharone in saying the name of her father, Oded Lifschitz, a proud peace activist who has been held by Hamas for over a year now.
We stand with our Palestinian neighbours who were able to escape from Gaza, who now fear for their relatives and what harm may befall them.
We stand with our neighbour trying to get out of Lebanon, where he was trying to support local children to learn.
We reject the lazy stereotype in this conflict that we have to pick a side.
We pick peace, and we simply ask the Prime Minister to do and show the same, so what reassurance can my right hon.
and learned Friend give me and my constituents today that everything that the British have—in fighting for the rule of law, in diplomacy, and even in our work on arms sales—will be dedicated towards peace and resolution for the innocent civilians in these regions?