Does the Minister agree that delays to the processing of Access to Work claims not only impact the individual and their health, particularly their mental health, but impact their ability to fulfil their potential and contribute to our economy?
What further steps will she take to ensure that the process for helping disabled people back into work is reformed, to ensure that it is genuinely one of support that allows people to fulfil their potential and enables businesses to thrive?
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
Disabled people have the right to work like everybody else.
We have an ambition to see an 80% employment rate in this country, and we cannot do that without the contribution of people with disabilities.
We are working on an employment White Paper and developing our policies, and we want everybody in this country to make their full contribution, especially disabled people.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in collecting payments.
The Child Maintenance Service is committed to ensuring that separated parents support their children financially and to taking robust enforcement action against those who do not do so.
Between March 2023 and March this year, the percentage of parents paying something towards maintenance through collect and pay increased from 65% to 69%.
This Government recognise that child maintenance payments play a crucial role in keeping hundreds of thousands of children out of poverty each year, and we are determined to do all we can to increase those collection levels further.
Given that around half of children in separated families—that is 1.8 million children—are receiving no support from their non-residential parent, does the Minister know when that figure might change?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about those families who receive no support.
I am told that the figure is actually around 40%, but none the less it is not good enough.
Although there are varied reasons for that—indeed, there are some parents who do not want an arrangement—we are looking, as he may be aware, at a recently concluded consultation on the future of the Child Maintenance Service.
We will consider our next steps with a view to trying to increase collection levels wherever we can.
Members have to stand to be called.
I am not a mind reader; I am pretty good, but I cannot win the lottery.
Two constituents have contacted me with separate but similar cases relating to obtaining child maintenance payments from abusive ex-partners.
In both cases, their abusers have been able to use features of the system to avoid paying their fair share to their victims and their children, leaving my constituents with a shortfall of thousands of pounds.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me what steps are being taken to reform the child maintenance system to protect victims of abuse, such as my constituents?
The Department takes domestic abuse extremely seriously.
My hon.
Friend will be keen to hear that the recently concluded consultation I referenced in my previous answer looked to address some of the issues with the direct pay service.
Indeed, it consulted on the potential removal of that service moving forward.
That service has been open to abuse and has led to victims of domestic abuse continuing to be terrorised.
That is unacceptable, and we will look to address it moving forward.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of means-testing for winter fuel payment on people with medical conditions that are exacerbated by cold weather.