What steps she is taking to ensure pensioners who are eligible for but have not previously claimed pension credit receive a winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase uptake of pension credit.
We have been running a national campaign since September across a range of channels, including print and broadcast media, to encourage pensioners to check their eligibility and make a claim, and we will continue to work with external partners, local authorities and devolved Governments to boost the take-up of pension credit.
Around 93% of pensioners in Mid Bedfordshire face losing the winter fuel payment this year; some of them earn less than £1,000 a month.
What further support will the Minister give them to fill Labour’s black hole in their household finances so that they can keep warm this winter?
The winter fuel payment was once described as the “largest benefit paid to pensioners…regardless of need, giving money to wealthier pensioners when working people on lower incomes do not get similar support.”
Those are not my words, but the words of the Tories’ 2017 manifesto.
Claiming pension credit can provide pensioners with additional help for housing costs, council tax and heating bills.
We all have a duty to boost pension credit uptake to ensure that low-income pensioners in all our constituencies receive the necessary support.
I welcomed the Deputy Prime Minister and the Work and Pensions Secretary collaborating with local authorities and charities for the annual pension credit week of action, which took place during recess.
What more can be done to ensure that low-income pensioners receive pension credit?
We were pleased to see 160 local authorities respond positively to our call for action.
They are working with us to drive the boost in uptake of pension credit.
Apart from the national campaign that we have been running, we will bring together the administration of housing benefit and pension credit in a way that the former Government failed to do.
What progress she has made on responding to recommendations on compensation made by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman in his report on changes to women’s state pension age.
What her Department’s timetable is for responding to the recommendations on compensation made by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman in his report on changes to women’s state pension age.
I was the first Minister for eight long years to meet Women Against State Pension Inequality campaigners to hear their experiences directly.
However, we do need time to carefully consider the ombudsman’s report and evidence before we can outline our approach.
I have long supported women in Bedford born in the 1950s who have been failed by the DWP.
We must do right by the WASPI women, some of whom are struggling to make ends meet.
Will the Minister tell them today when the Government will respond to the report by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, which recommended a compensation scheme?
The ombudsman’s report is a serious report that took six years to complete and deserves serious consideration.
We are carefully reviewing the details of that complex report and will come to a conclusion in the round.
I echo the sentiments of  the hon.
Member for Bedford (Mohammad Yasin)  on this serious injustice, which is being compounded by the lack of swift action for redress.
It really matters to all our constituents, including mine in Norfolk and Suffolk, where I have spoken to the local WASPI women group, which highlighted just how a big an impact it is having, including on women born in the 1950s who are struggling to make ends meet.
Will the Minister please set out the timescale by which she will respond to the report and the action that will be taken?
The ombudsman took six years to look into what is a serious, significant and complex set of cases.
We need time to look at that seriously, and we are doing precisely that.
What steps she is taking to support vulnerable people into work.
We are committed to supporting vulnerable customers into work.
At jobcentres, for example, we can identify the support needed and signpost people to courses or organisations to help them overcome barriers.
We will be saying more about our proposals in the forthcoming employment White Paper.
In my local jobcentre on Mare Street in my constituency, there is an extremely good team of DWP staff who work closely with vulnerable constituents to help them overcome the hurdles to getting benefits and getting into work.
However, for people with fluctuating conditions, and particularly mental health conditions, there are many barriers both for them and for prospective employers.
I wonder whether the Minister could give us a taster of what might be in  the White Paper in terms of support for employers in particular to encourage them to take on people with such challenges.
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend’s positive report of the work in her local jobcentre.
She highlights a major challenge behind a significant proportion of increased inactivity over the past few years.
We will set out our response in the “Getting Britain Working” White Paper, but we are already providing tailored support in partnership with NHS talking therapies and individual placement and support in primary care.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that there is a good deal more to be done.
Conservative-run East Sussex county council is threatening to close the Steps to Work programme, as well as Linden Court in Eastbourne, which supports people with learning disabilities to work towards employment.
Will the Minister urge the county council to halt its plans and to consider alternatives such as selling off council buildings to raise the funds needed to provide these essential services for people with learning disabilities?
The hon.
Gentleman draws my attention to a concerning development.
My view is that we need more support for people with learning disabilities to get into work, not less.
If he sends me the details of the concerns he has raised, I will be happy to look into them further.