Prior to her career in community health, Sue faced a life-threatening

tragedy.
A devastating dam failure caused extensive damage and heavy

flooding in her town.
This disastrous incident took the life of her

young daughter.
According to Sue, the kindness demonstrated by the

healthcare professionals who treated her injuries and helped her move

forward proved to be an inspiration.
Her survival story, and the

healthcare professionals at the forefront, led her to pursue a career

in community health and sympathize with patients every step of the way.
Her compassionate ``Monday Messages'' of encouragement to colleagues

and friends will be cherished and fondly missed.
She is said to have

cultivated many deep connections, and I pray for her family, friends,

and loved ones as we all mourn her loss.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to represent the 3rd District of South

Carolina and to celebrate the legacy of Sue Veer and others who serve

people in need and inspire their community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD TINDALL

HON.
ERIC A. ``RICK'' CRAWFORD

Mr. CRAWFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of Desha County Judge Mr. Richard Tindall, a dedicated Arkansan,

faithful Christian, lifelong learner, and beloved public servant, on

the occasion of his passing on Friday, July 11, 2025, at the age of 79.
Mr. Tindall was born on September 13, 1945, in Monticello, Arkansas

and graduated from McGehee High School, where he met his wife of more

than sixty years, Mrs. Sandy Tindall.
Mr. Tindall held a deep

commitment to his family and was an adored father, grandfather, and

great-grandfather.
Mr. Tindall is fondly remembered for his innovative spirit and held a

variety of occupations, including a small business owner, a licensed

contractor, and a farmer.
He also possessed an array of interests as an

avid outdoorsman, tournament fisherman, and horse showman.
He became

one of the first to attempt to raise saltwater shrimp in freshwater in

southeast Arkansas.
In 2018, Mr. Tindall ran for Desha County Judge, and thanks to the

broad support of Desha County citizens, he was elected to serve.
After

taking office in January 2019, Judge Tindall led Desha County through

numerous disasters, flooding events, and the COVID-19 pandemic.
He held

this role with great dedication and integrity until the day he passed.
In his role as County Judge, Mr. Tindall developed relationships with

local, state, and federal agencies to aid county residents through

disasters.
He was also responsible for the day-to-day operations of the

county, which included management of various departments, oversight of

over $5 million in assets, 500 miles of county roads, and an annual

budget of over $7 million.
Mr. Tindall strove to make his community a better place.
He was a man

who believed in the importance of family and faith above all else and

worked tirelessly to support his community, which he loved deeply.
His

kindness, loyalty, and service will forever be remembered.
Let us

continue to honor his legacy by carrying forward these values that he

lived by.
Desha County residents will deeply cherish Judge Tindall's

memory, and he made a profound impact on all who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JEFFERSON SHREVE

Mr. SHREVE.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
234, Perry of Pennsylvania Amendment No.
30.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF SERGEANT MAJOR TROY E. BLACK

HON.
MORGAN McGARVEY

Mr. McGARVEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize an

extraordinary American patriot, Sergeant Major Troy E. Black, United

States Marine Corps, on the occasion of his retirement following a

distinguished 37-year career in faithful service to our Nation.