Title: CELEBRATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROCK CHURCH OF TERRELL AND HONORING PASTOR GARY WEEMS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
145

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROCK CHURCH OF TERRELL AND

HONORING PASTOR GARY WEEMS

HON.
LANCE GOODEN

Mr. GOODEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of The Rock

Church of Terrell's 20th anniversary and to congratulate Pastor Gary

Weems on his retirement and transition to a senior bishop role.
Since

its founding in 2005, The Rock Church of Terrell has been a symbol of

love, hope, and faith to people from all walks of life in my hometown

of Terrell, Texas.
Pastor Gary began his ministry in Terrell in 1996, immediately

offering himself and his family to the enrichment of our community.
Alongside his wife, Jodi, Pastor Gary has dedicated his life to the

service of the body of Christ and full-time ministry for 48 years.
His

faithfulness and love have made a profound and enduring impact on the

Terrell community.
In his absence, The Rock Church of Terrell will

welcome a new generation of pastoral leadership.
Pastor Gary's son,

Ben, will assume the role of Senior Pastor, continuing his father's

legacy of dedicated service.
I wish the best for Pastor Ben and his

wife, Chelsea, and Associate Pastor Bodie Jones and his wife,

Stephanie, as they embark on this new journey.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LAUNCH OF THE CONGRESSIONAL STUDY GROUP ON INDIA (CSGI)

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the launch

of the Congressional Study Group on India (CSGI), and to applaud the

visionary leadership of the Roundglass Foundation and its partners in

standing up this groundbreaking initiative.
Congressional Study Groups provide a vital platform for bipartisan

exchanges that enable Members of Congress to engage in substantive

policy discussions focused on strengthening America's relationships

with its partners, friends, and allies.
India and America are crucial strategic partners, and that is why

this new Congressional

Study Group is so important.
As the fifth such group established by the

U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress, the CSGI creates a

dedicated, bipartisan forum for substantive discussions on trade,

technology, energy, defense, and other issues that define the U.S.-

India relationship.
This initiative will not only strengthen our

strategic partnership, but also build greater understanding and

collaboration between our two great democracies at a pivotal moment in

history.
The CSGI represents an investment in the future, one that

advances shared priorities like national security, global health, and

climate stewardship, while also reaffirming the enduring bonds between

the American and Indian people.
I would like to specifically extend my sincere gratitude to the

Roundglass Foundation, established by Mr. Gurpreet ``Sunny'' Singh, for

its marquee role in launching this groundbreaking initiative that will

further strengthen the sacred bond between the United States and India.
Under Mr Singh's visionary leadership, Roundglass has already

championed numerous efforts that have expanded access to athletics,

education, women's empowerment, and environmental stewardship,

particularly for underserved communities.
This new initiative is a

shining example of that legacy, one that reflects Roundglass'

unwavering commitment to building a healthier, more inclusive, and more

sustainable future for us all.
As an Indian-American, I am deeply honored to recognize the work

being done under Roundglass' efforts to unlock the full potential of a

strong U.S.-India relationship, one that can help build healthier and

more resilient societies in both of our countries.
The establishment of

this Congressional Study Group on India holds the promise of guiding

our nations toward a stronger, more cooperative future.
For that, Mr

Speaker, I wish to extend my heartfelt gratitude and appreciation to

Roundglass, to Mr. Singh, and to the additional partners who helped

launch this ground-breaking program.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LT.
COLONEL DEIDRE D. SMITH

HON.