The scope of Peninsula Family Service programs is broad: Older adults

can participate in any one of numerous exercise classes, including Tai

Chi and Zumba, or get a nutritious lunch, which is provided each day at

the organization's Fair Oaks Adult Activity Center in Redwood City.
The

Fair Oaks Center is part of the Peninsula Family Service's

comprehensive approach to health, wellness and overcoming isolation for

our older adults, all key components of its Overcoming Loneliness

Initiative, through which the organization is a San Mateo County

leader.
Parents of children from birth to 5 years old are served at

Peninsula Family Service early learning centers, of which there are

soon to be eleven around San Mateo County.
Each learning center

provides high-quality child development and family support.
One of

these centers also provides programs for youth ages 6 to 12 years.
All

Peninsula Family Service centers provide this care and early learning

to children of low-income families and households in poverty.
Some

children are unhoused and some may have experienced other trauma.
Peninsula Family Service also offers financial education workshops for

adults, and now also for teens ages 13 to 20 years of age.
To honor its 75 years of unwavering service to the Bay Area,

Peninsula Family Service is hosting a year-long celebration throughout

2025 to recognize, thank and engage past, current, and future members

of the Peninsula Family Service family.
At the core of its 75th

anniversary is a commitment to celebrating the many generations of

program participants, staff, leadership, volunteers, auxiliaries,

donors, and corporate and community partners, and their impact on our

community.
I am proud Peninsula Family Service is part of California's 15th

Congressional District.
The organization stands as a testament to the

power of responsiveness to community needs and the importance of

providing support for our community.
Peninsula Family Service honors

all those who have been part of its past and looks forward to serving

where community need remains great.
As I reflect on the journey of

Peninsula Family Service, I am reminded of the profound impact of

nonprofits, such as Peninsula Family Service, that keep our communities

healthy and strong.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me

in celebrating Peninsula Family Service's 75th Anniversary and wishing

continued success in all future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SUE VEER

HON.
SHERI BIGGS

Mrs. BIGGS of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable career and dedicated leadership of Sue Veer, who sadly

passed away after nearly two decades of service as the president and

CEO of Carolina Health Centers in Greenwood, South Carolina.
She has

left behind a strong legacy through her purposeful mentorship and

healthcare advocacy.
As president and CEO, Sue led 19 medical practices that provide care

for more than 26,000 patients combined.
Her colleagues, patients, and

partners in the healthcare space admired her innovative goals for

community health centers.
She is said to have inspired those around her

to aim higher and make a difference.
Sue was a dedicated board member of the National Association of

Community Health Centers and the South Carolina Primary Health Care

Association.
She championed local, state, and national priorities in

the health center movement and will be remembered as a committed

visionary.
In her national work, she was a founding member of a

lobbying group called 340B Working Table, which represents hospitals,

drugmakers, and various health interests that work together to advance

bipartisan 340B legislation.
She testified before Congress several

times to advocate for 340B progiams and affected patients.
Prior to her career in community health, Sue faced a life-threatening

tragedy.
A devastating dam failure caused extensive damage and heavy

flooding in her town.
This disastrous incident took the life of her

young daughter.