Title: LETTER TO CORSICANA, TEXAS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
160

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LETTER TO CORSICANA, TEXAS

HON.
JAKE ELLZEY

Saturday, September 30, 2023

Mr. ELLZEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record the

following letter to honor the people of Corsicana, Texas and to

celebrate its 175th Anniversary:

Hello from the year 2023!
My name is Jake Ellzey, and I currently serve as the

Congressman for Corsicana for the 118th Congress.
I am

honored to represent this great city and to help celebrate

the 175th birthday of Corsicana.
Corsicana was founded in

1848, and in the 175 years since its founding, so much has

changed, but the one thing that has always remained is the

good people who call this town their home.
Now, I can't tell you much about what happened in Corsicana

in 1848, but I can give you a little insight into what it

looks like today in 2023.
Corsicana is a small town in Navarro County with 26,000

folks and a beautiful courthouse right in the middle.
It's

home to great restaurants like The Across the Street Diner

and Old Mexican Inn.
The community has thriving businesses,

like Collins Street Bakery, Oil City Iron Works, and

Gilfillan's Hardware.
The people here are proud to support

the Corsicana Tigers and the Navarro College Bulldogs.
In

2023, life is pretty good in Corsicana and Navarro County.
It's a community that works together.
It's a community that

worships together.
It's a community that prays together.
I am sure much has probably happened since 2023 for y'all,

but I know one thing that hasn't changed is our pride for the

state of Texas and the great town of Corsicana.
The community

of Corsicana has always been strong, and I have no doubt that

that has held true through the years.
As y'all celebrate this

day, reflect on the strength of this city and our Nation.
I

don't know what is happening in the country, but I know there

is nothing our nation and the people of Texas cannot handle.
I am proud to be the Representative for Corsicana in 2023,

and I send well wishes to all of the Corsicana residents

past, present, and future.
God Bless Corsicana and God Bless the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COACH MARTY HAUCK, OF ROLLA HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
JASON SMITH

Saturday, September 30, 2023

Mr. SMITH of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

Coach Marty Hauck, of Rolla High School in Missouri, on being awarded

the 2023 USA Wresting Greco-Roman Developmental Coach of the Year

Award.
As coach of both men's and women's Rolla High School wrestling teams.
His successes extend beyond the high school level as he's been named

world championship coach three times by Team USA and remains the coach

of the USA U-17 world championship team.
Coach Hauck continues to have remarkable success with Rolla High

School's wrestling team.
The school boasts 48 state qualifiers, 29

state placers.
and 4 champions under his leadership.
This impressive

record is a testament to Coach Hauck's talent, passion, and commitment

to inspiring each one of his student-athletes to reach their full

potential.
Leadership is not just something you do but is a defining

characteristic in people.
I take great pride in recognizing Coach

Hauck's exceptional contributions to the sport of wrestling.
both

within the community of Rolla and on the world stage.
His achievements

serve as an inspiration to aspiring athletes and coaches alike of what

it means to be a leader.
On behalf of the entire Eighth Congressional

District, we thank Coach Hauck for his dedicated service.