Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to take the opportunity to commemorate the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising on June 28, a key milestone in the march for equality for gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersex--or LGBTQI+--Americans.
Fifty-five years ago, the courageous Marsha P. Johnson, Sylvia Rivera, and Storme DeLarverie of New York City resisted police brutality against lesbian, gay, and transgender minorities in what is known as the Stonewall Uprising.
Their legacies continue today to inspire and energize many Americans to respect the differences we have and advocate for the expansion of equal rights for all people.
The fight for equality is an ongoing battle, especially with rightwing, extremist Republicans prioritizing hate and discrimination against the LGBTQI+ community people, in general, and transgender people, specifically, as a political bludgeon designed to divide our country.
These extremist Republicans are determined to reverse any civil rights protections already won by the LGBTQI+ community, such as affirming medical care, the right to marriage, and housing access.
I know first-hand the cruelty and injustice of discrimination.
These efforts contradict the democratic values we hold dearly in this country.
As a result, I have prioritized, advocated, and supported civil rights and social justice throughout my public service career because everyone deserves to live free of discrimination and injustice.
As a member of the Equality Caucus, I am a proud original co-sponsor of the Stonewall Day Resolution that would recognize June 28th as Stonewall Day and the strides made to support equal rights for all.
Further, as an original cosponsor of the Equality Act, I have voted to pass out of the House this essential legislation that would modify the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to reduce discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
My home state of Illinois has laws that ensure robust nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQI+ individuals, and it is time that the federal government enact similar policies to protect Americans across the Nation.
As a leader in improving child welfare law, I also lead the John Lewis Every Child Deserves a Family Act that would protect foster youth and foster parents from discrimination based on religion, marital status, and who they love.
We must ensure that each and every child in foster care finds a loving, affirming family.
I believe that, by recognizing the historic movements for LGBTQI+ people in American history, we celebrate how diverse our society is, a diversity that makes our nation richer and more vibrant.
Let us celebrate those from Stonewall who risked their lives and all who work tirelessly to expand civil rights for all LGBTQI+ people.