Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, Collin Lee Teem, of Lexington, South Carolina, was Killed in Action in Ukraine on May 11, 2024.
I am greatly saddened by his death and humbled by his sacrifice.
Collin is a true American hero, who sacrificed his life fighting for freedom and democracy in the Global War on Terrorism and the War of Dictators Invading Democracies.
As citizens throughout our community continue to cope with this tragic loss, my thoughts and prayers will remain with Collin's family, his friends and his fellow service members.
I include in the Record the following obituary for Collin Lee Teem: Collin Lee Teem, age 23, was born March 30, 2001 in Florida.
His family moved to Lexington, South Carolina in 2002 where he lived and grew up the remainder of his childhood.
He graduated high school in June 2019 then followed his dreams, and in July 2019, left for the United States Marine Corp Boot Camp.
Collin then spent the next 4 years as a machine gunner in infantry.
During his Marine Corp active duty time, he received Good Conduct medal, National Defense Service medal, Global war on Terrorism Expeditionary medal, Global war on Terrorism Service medal, Sea Service Deployment ribbon (2), Sharpshooter Rifle Qualification badge, and Expert Pistol Qualification badge.
Collin also completed Advanced Machine Gun training/course.
Collin received an honorable DD214 discharge middle of July 2023.
Teem then went on to volunteer his skills and military services to join the fight in Ukraine in their time of need.
Collin left the United States in Sept 2023 and arrived in Kyiv where he then joined forces with International Legion of Defense.
Collin served with Ukraine from September 2023 until he was unfortunately Killed in Action on May 11, 2024.
Collin Teem's passions were evident in his life.
He lived a life passionate about his hobbies, fun experiences, military service, and freedom.
He lived life to the fullest and always tried to lighten the load of others around him--physically and mentally.
He brought laughter to many.
His enthusiasm and smile were infectious.
It's been said that All people die but not All people live, Collin lived!
He accomplished and packed so much in his short 23 years.
He did what he loved.
He touched countless lives by simply just being himself.
Many have said he marched to his own beat which lead to many ``Teem Shenanigans'' as his Marine Corp leadership once told us.
Collin leaves behind his mother, father, 3 brothers, 1 sister, 2 nephews, 2 nieces, as well as grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, countless friends, and military brothers and sisters.
Collin Teem will always be remembered for his love of fishing, hunting, military service aka guns, warm weather, and a life full of love, laughter, and adventure.
But most of all, for his dedication, determination, selflessness, heroism, and sacrifice for All mankind.
He will be dearly missed by so many, near and far.
Legend and Hero to all who knew him.
#Forever23YoullBe
His family will hold Memorial Services to Honor the Life of Collin both in his home town on the East Coast on July 6, 2024, as well as in a place he fell in love with, grew, and was stationed during his Marine Corp time--on the West Coast--in California--date TBD.