The Minister speaks about facts.
Is he aware of the fact that when the Labour party won the election, the economy was growing, and is he aware of the fact that it is now shrinking?
I am very aware of the fact that we inherited an economy and a fiscal situation in a mess.
That was completely unsustainable, and it was our duty as a Government to address it.
No responsible Government could have let things carry on as they were, with the fiscal situation the way it was.
That is why we took the action we did.
Will the Minister give way?
I will not, as I have already given way several times and must make progress.
We had to take those decisions to put the fiscal responsibility back at the heart of government, to return economic stability to the public finances, and to have the basis for the investment on which we can grow the economy and put more money in people’s pockets.
Lords amendments 1, 4, 5, 9 and 13 relate to the NHS and social care providers.
The amendments seek to maintain the employer national insurance contribution rates and thresholds at their current level for NHS-commissioned services, including GPs, dentists, social care providers and pharmacists, as well as those providing hospice care.
As Members of both Houses will know, as a result of the measures in this Bill and wider Budget measures, the NHS will receive an extra £22.6 billion over two years, helping to deliver an additional 40,000 elective appointments every week.
Primary care providers—general practice, dentistry, pharmacy and eye care—are important independent contractors that provide nearly £20 billion-worth of NHS services.
Every year, the Government consult the general practice and pharmacy sectors.
One question raised regularly in my constituency relates to GP surgeries.
The national insurance contributions will hit them immensely hard.
GPs tell me that their only choice is to reduce staff and cut back appointments.
The Minister mentions £22 billion extra for the NHS, but if GP surgeries and health clinics are reducing staff and reducing their capacity to deliver services, is that not a step down in what is delivered in my constituency and beyond?
Will he reconsider the measures given the impact on GP surgeries?