The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the upcoming health and disability Green Paper on the finances of disabled people.
Yesterday afternoon, we set out the Government’s plan to fix the broken system, which gives proper employment support to help hundreds of thousands who are out of work on health and disability grounds, but who want to be in a job; deals with the work disincentive that has been inserted into the benefits system over the past 15 years; and makes the personal independence payment financially sustainable.
In recent weeks, I have been inundated with messages from constituents who are worried sick about changes to the disability benefits system, but yesterday’s announcement goes further than even the Conservatives managed, or dared, to.
Disabled people already face systemic barriers in society, including in accessing health, transport and housing.
Inadequate financial support already means that some of the most vulnerable have to access food banks.
These cuts will exacerbate their pain, and fuel hunger and debt.
What assessment has the Department made of the cuts, the impact on finances, and the harm that they will cause?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the previous Government’s proposal to convert PIP from cash into vouchers, which caused huge anxiety.
We made it clear in the announcement yesterday that we are not going to do that, but we will make changes to ensure that the personal independence payment is financially sustainable in the long term.
That will reassure a large number of people for whom PIP is vital.
Epilepsy is a lifelong disability that has huge consequences for the lives of those who have it, none more so than those mothers who had epilepsy and took sodium valproate when pregnant, and whose babies were harmed.
Will the Minister take time to meet me and my constituent, Janet Williams, whose sons have been affected, to discuss how we can ensure that their quality of life is best supported by the Government?
My hon.
Friend raises an important subject, and as she knows, the Department of Health and Social Care and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has set up the valproate pregnancy prevention programme.
I, or a Minister from DHSC, will be glad to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those points.