The Minister makes the point that this is secondary for primary care providers.
However, he does not acknowledge that primary care providers still do not know how they will be compensated by the Government, as I hear from dentists, community pharmacies and social care providers in my constituency.
We are very close to the start of the tax year and those small businesses are providing critical primary care services in our communities.
How can they operate when the Minister obfuscates and says other people might talk to them at a later stage about the money that they might receive?
Would it not be easier for the Minister to accept the Liberal Democrat amendment from the House of Lords and clear up this matter today?
For clarity, primary care providers who are independent contractors will not receive the direct support that the Government provide to Departments and other public sector employers.
The pressures that those providers face are considered in the round before funding is provided to them, so the solution is arrived at in a different way from the way suggested by the hon.
Gentleman.
As I set out earlier, the revenue raised by the decisions set out in the Bill will help fund public services, including those provided by the NHS and other social care providers.
The amendments would put much of that funding at risk, so to support these amendments is to support higher borrowing, lower spending or other tax rises.
What advice can the Minister give Thames hospice and Alexander Devine children’s hospice service in Maidenhead, which are looking at a £300,000 and £50,000 increase in bills respectively?
Is he saying that they should cut services, or is he expecting residents in our constituencies to raise more money for them, for it to be given directly back to the Chancellor?
I do not know the situation of those hospices, so I will not give them direct advice on managing their operations.
More generally, I have set out the Government’s approach to providing direct support for Departments and other public sector employers.
It depends how hospice care is provided.
In many cases, integrated care boards are responsible for commissioning palliative and end of life care services to meet the needs of local populations.
Where hospices are commissioned by the NHS, contractual arrangements should be discussed with the integrated care board at local level.