In January, the Labour Government committed to assisting five local inquiries, including one in Oldham.
into grooming gangs and rape gangs.
Two months on, we have had no update from the Government about the other locations.
In which towns can women and girls now sleep safely in their beds?
When and where will the other four inquiries take place, and what do the Government plan to do about the other 45 towns and cities across the country in which those gangs have reportedly operated?
What the Government plan to do across the country is more than was done before.
The House should expect an update very soon exactly on all the plans that the Home Secretary laid out.
She said that the announcement would come before Easter, and I beg the shadow Minister to have the patience she showed with her own Government when they offered none of these things.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government celebrated International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month by accelerating action to change women’s lives.
That means greater opportunities in the workplace and ensuring that our streets are safe for women and that we have better public services for our women and their families.
Harnessing the talents and skills of all women will boost our economy.
A 5% increase in employment among women could boost the UK economy by up to £125 billion.
Women’s equality is at the heart of our plan for change and will drive economic growth for everyone.
According to research, 52% of integrated care boards in England, including Cheshire and Merseyside ICB, still require same-sex couples to self-fund at least six to 12 cycles of costly intrauterine insemination before they are eligible to access in vitro fertilisation treatment on the NHS.
Can the Secretary of State please tell us what she is doing to end the postcode lottery for lesbian and bi couples looking to start a family?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw the House’s attention to the postcode lottery and the patchy access to IVF across our country.
We want to make sure that everyone has fair access to high-quality care.
The Department of Health and Social Care has started to make progress towards its ambition to improve access to IVF services, and we also await the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence concluding its review on clinical guidance for the provision of such services.