Age UK in my constituency has told me that the employer NICs rise will cost it £50,000 a year.
Does the Minister agree that it is impossible to improve the public sector by taxing the public sector?
We inherited public services that were on their knees and needed urgent support.
Part of the reason why we took the difficult but necessary decisions at the Budget last October was, of course, to restore fiscal responsibility, but it was also to get public services back on their feet.
That is not just about the public services that people across the UK enjoy; it is also about ensuring that we have the stability for economic growth.
If we do not have a health service that works well, we do not have a healthy population who can go to work.
If we do not have a transport system that works well, people cannot get to work.
That investment to get public services back on their feet after 14 years of Conservative control is essential for the experience of people in the UK, but it will also ensure that we have the economic growth that will enable us to put more money in people’s pockets.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will make a little progress.
I have spoken about GPs, but the Department of Health and Social Care has entered into consultation with Community Pharmacy England regarding the 2024-25 and 2025-26 community pharmacy contractual framework.
The final funding settlement will be announced in the usual way, following the consultation.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving way yet again.
The National Pharmacy Association announced for the first time ever, in 104 years, that it is planning action by reducing services because of the implications of the Budget.
One of its requests is the release of an independent report commissioned by NHS England on the future funding of pharmacies.
Now that the Government are in charge of NHS England, will the Minister ask his colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to release that report before the consultations finish, so that the public and the pharmacies can see exactly what the financial situation in that independent report will be?
Reports on work that the Department of Health and Social Care is carrying out are a subject for Ministers in that Department, but on the funding that I am speaking about, the final funding settlement will be announced in the usual way, following the consultation that is under way.
The NHS in England invests around £3 billion every year on dentistry, and NHS pharmaceutical, ophthalmic and dental allocations for integrated care systems for 2025-26 have been published, alongside NHS planning and guidance.
On social care, the Government have provided a cash increase in core local government spending power of 6.8% in 2025-26, including £880 million of new grant funding provided to social care—funding that can be used to address the range of pressures facing the adult social care sector.
The figures that the Minister is presenting, along with the answer that he gave to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , and similar to the Prime Minister, involve money going into sectors that will not mitigate the national insurance rise.
Will he confirm that sectors such as hospices, social care, GPs and pharmacies will have some support, rather than tell us about money that is not going to help people with regard to the jobs tax that is coming in?
The various organisations or services that I am talking about, whether GPs, pharmacies or organisations that provide social care, receive money from Government, and the way that those discussions take place is by considering pressures on the providers of those services in the round—that is the way the negotiations take place.
Direct support for employer national insurance contributions obviously applies to central Government, local government and public corporations, which is much the same way that the previous Government approached things under the health and social care levy.
Pressures on social care or GPs, as I have been outlining, are considered in the round in terms of their funding settlements, and as I said, the £880 million of new grant funding can be used to address a range of pressures facing adult social care.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an interesting point, but let us look at children’s hospices, which will be down £4.9 million.
Most funding for children’s hospices does not come from the Government; it comes from communities and from people supporting them.
Can the Minister, at the Dispatch Box, assure children’s hospices such as Acorns in the west midlands  that they will not be down the money that they will be losing through extra NI contributions, and that that £4.9 million will be replaced by the Government for children’s hospices?