The Prime Minister has not made these provisions.
He keeps talking about Budget benefits.
Unemployment is not a benefit; businesses closing are not benefits.
I asked him whether he would exempt hospices—even children’s hospices—from the jobs tax.
He did not answer that question.
His MPs know that this could affect end of life care, so I will ask the same question again: will he exempt hospices from paying his jobs tax?
We have already invested £100 million for adult and children’s hospices, with an additional £26 million in funding through the children’s hospice grant, but we cannot get away from the root cause of what we were doing in that Budget, which was fixing the economy the Conservatives left so badly damaged—a £22 billion black hole.
Perhaps the Leader of the Opposition will start the next question with an apology.
I remember when the Prime Minister made—[Interruption.]
If Labour Members want me to answer questions, we can swap sides.
I remember when the Prime Minister made that announcement.
He has forgotten, because the money he is referring to for hospices is for buildings.
It is not for the salaries hit by the jobs tax.
As St Helena hospice in Colchester said: “We cannot use this funding for salaries which is where we need urgent help.”
Why is the Prime Minister not listening to hospices?
I have already set out the position in relation to hospices.
The Leader of the Opposition says that she wants to swap sides—heaven forbid!
After 14 years of breaking everything, we are getting on with the job of fixing it, and all she can do is carp from the sidelines with absolutely no policy.
Winter fuel payments have been snatched.
The jobs tax is hammering everyone from business to charities.
The Chancellor promised a once-in-a-Parliament Budget; that she would not come back for more.
In that Budget, she said: “there will be no extension of the freeze in income tax…thresholds”.—[Official Report,  30 October 2024 ; Vol. 755, c. 821.]
Ahead of the emergency Budget, will the right hon.
and learned Gentleman repeat the commitment that she made?
The right hon.
Lady has such pre-scripted questions she cannot adapt them to the answers I am giving.
I think she now calls herself a Conservative realist.
Well, I am realistic about the Conservatives.
The reality is that they left open borders and she was the cheerleader, they crashed the economy, mortgages went through the roof, the NHS was left on its knees and they hollowed out the armed forces.
This Government have already delivered 2 million extra NHS appointments, 750 breakfast clubs, record returns of people who should not be here, and a fully funded increase in our defence spending.
That is the difference a Labour Government make.
A lady came to see me recently who needed help.
She had a disability, which means that her children have to help her cut up her food.
They have to help her wash beneath the waist.
They have to supervise her as she goes to the toilet.
Under the Tory welfare system, we were able to get that lady on to a personal independence payment.
Under the Prime Minister’s new proposed system, she will get zero—nothing.
After 14 years of the Tory Government and many of us wanting to see the back of them, can the Prime Minister answer one question?
What was the point, if Labour is going to do this?
I have lived with the impacts of disability in our family, through my mother and brother, all my life.
I do understand the human impact, but the current system is morally and economically indefensible.
We are right to reform it and nobody should be defending the broken status quo.
We are proceeding on three principles: if you can work, you should work; if you need help into work, the state should help you, not  hinder you; and if you can never work, you must be supported and protected.
They are the right principles, and we cannot leave the current system as it is.