Fair and equal treatment at work is a right, not a privilege.
Companies like Deloitte, which I visited recently, are reporting voluntarily on their ethnicity pay gaps, and I have attended roundtables chaired by organisations such as Change the Race Ratio and ShareAction, which promote the benefits of ethnicity pay gap reporting.
There has been progress; last week, the Parker review showed that there is an increasing number of ethnic minority board members in our FTSE companies.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that pay gap reporting can help employers to identify and remove barriers to progression for their workforces, and unleash talent from all our communities, thereby supporting economic growth, and I thank her for her work on this.
I was pleased to see the Government’s announcement of the newly established race equality engagement group, chaired by Baroness Doreen Lawrence, a tireless campaigner against discrimination for many decades.
What steps are the Government taking to recognise caste-based discrimination in law?
Will that issue be the focus of the group’s work?
My hon.
Friend references the race equality engagement group, which we announced yesterday.
The group will strengthen the Government’s links with ethnic minority communities, enabling effective two-way dialogue on the Government’s work to tackle race equalities, and engaging on all issues.
We are considering our position on caste discrimination under the Equality Act 2010, and we will update the House in due course.
As a former NHS employee, I was shocked to hear that the Community Security Trust has found that the number of complaints of antisemitism in the NHS tripled in the 17 months after  7 October 2023 .
What steps are the Government taking to crack down on antisemitism in the NHS?
The hon.
Gentleman will agree that antisemitism has no place in our society or in our workplaces.
This is an extremely important issue, and he will know that the Home Secretary and the whole Government take it very seriously.
Aberdeen mosque and Islamic centre in my constituency was vandalised while worshippers were inside.
I am pleased that the local community came together and helped with the clean-up.
The University of Glasgow has published a report that says that one in three Muslim students are victims of Islamophobic abuse.
Does the Minister agree that the Government and the House have a responsibility to ensure that racist stereotypes are not putting our Muslim community at risk of a rise in hate crime and far-right extremism?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
It is important that we tackle religious and racial hatred in all its forms.
As well as overt discrimination, there are many hidden ethnic disparities, particularly in healthcare.
Mortality rates in maternity services are four times higher for black women and twice as high for Asian women.
What discussions is the Minister having with the Department of Health and Social Care to address those huge inequalities in maternity care?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
There are stark inequalities in maternal health, mental health and a range of other areas, including infant mortality.
She is absolutely right that that must be tackled.
We are working across Government and with the Department of Health and Social Care on those issues.