The Minister has a capital budget and revenue budgets.
We are talking about a small amount of money—£4 million or £5 million—so will he consider switching £4 million or £5 million from the capital budget to the revenue budget?
Opening up that opportunity would have merit, and would help these very vulnerable organisations.
I have set out the Government’s approach to supporting Departments and other public sector employees when it comes to the changes to employer national insurance contributions.
As I said to the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, the hon.
Member for  North Bedfordshire, we are taking the same approach that his Government took to the health and social care levy.
We are talking about the wider pressures faced by organisations, be they GPs or hospices, and what we can do to support them and their processes.
We are considering the pressures on them in the round.
I have made a considerable number of points about Lords amendments 1, 4, 5, 9 and 13.
In the light of those points, I urge the House to disagree with those amendments.
I turn to the Lords amendments relating to charities, local government and special educational needs transport.
Lords amendments 2, 7, 12 and 16 seek to exempt charities from the changes to employer national insurance contribution rates and thresholds.
The Government recognise the crucial role that charities play in our society.
We recognise the need to protect the smallest charities; that is why we have more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500 pounds, meaning that more than half of businesses, including charities with national insurance liabilities, either gain or will see no change next year.
As I have noted, it is important to recognise that all charities can benefit from the employment allowance.
The Government provide wider support for charities via the tax regime; tax reliefs for charities and their donors were worth just over £6 billion in the tax year to April 2024.
Again, the amendments would put much of the funding that the Bill seeks to raise for public services at risk, so supporting these amendments is support for higher borrowing, lower spending or other tax rises.
After yesterday’s announcement about benefit changes and benefit cuts, the Government have said that they want more people to go into work.
A lot of help to get people into work is delivered by charities, so we are expecting a greater need for such charities.
How will they cope if they are being taxed through further NICs?
They will have to reduce their services and their ability to provide support, so there will be a gap in the market.
Will the Minister explain how the Government intend to bridge that gap?