My hon.
Friend is right to raise this important project, which we are working on.
It is vital that we unleash the potential of the Oxford-Cambridge corridor—and, of course, Bedford—by generating growth, jobs and opportunities.
We are doing that by speeding up the delivery of new infrastructure projects, slashing red tape and getting Britain building.
Many of my constituents have approached me about the inadequate treatment of young people with eating disorders.
This year, despite a 30% increase in referrals, the majority of integrated care boards have cut real-terms funding.
Currently, as I have seen in my own family and in my weekly surgeries, those who reach out for treatment are told, in effect, “Come back when you are thinner,” increasing both the human and financial cost of treatment.
Does the Prime Minister agree that timely interventions are critical, and will he meet me to discuss how we fund them?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: too many people with eating disorders are not getting the treatment they need.
The NHS is expanding eating disorder treatment services with a focus on accessing treatment earlier and closer to home, and we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school.
I will make sure that he is kept updated.
Labour’s flagship Crime and Policing Bill is designed to tackle the rise in antisocial behaviour, theft and shoplifting that occurred under the Tories.
It will grant police the power to confiscate disruptive off-road vehicles, which will help to tackle the scourge of off-road bikes in my constituency.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we are the party of law and order, and that we are fulfilling our commitments?
It is totally unacceptable for anyone to feel intimidated or unsafe due to the actions of reckless and selfish individuals.
Whatever the vehicle, our Bill gives police forces stronger powers to seize them immediately and put a stop to antisocial behaviour.
That is our plan for change in action, making our streets and communities safer.
Having had 14 years to get ready, Labour came into power with no plan to reform welfare.
Now, in a panic because of their economic mismanagement, the Government are cutting benefits for disabled people without consulting them at all.
It probably says in the Prime Minister’s folder that the High Court ruled that the Conservatives’ consultation was too short, but at least we consulted.
The Government are not consulting at all.
Will the Prime Minister explain why he is doing things to disabled people and not with them?
No, what it says in my folder is that the Conservatives had 14 years—[Interruption.]
They did not need to consult; they just had to get on with it.
They had a majority of 80 for their last five years of Government.
They are now carping on about some of their ideas.
They had 14 years and they did not implement a single one; they simply broke the system.
They are in no place to lecture other people.
According to the charity Shelter, there are more homeless children in my city of Edinburgh than in the whole of Wales.
That is an appalling legacy of 18 years of SNP Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that there should be no homeless children, and will he work with me, the Scottish Parliament and anyone who will listen to end child homelessness in Scotland?
The situation that my hon.
Friend describes is an appalling indictment of the SNP record.
The Conservative party left record homelessness in England.
The SNP record is equally shameful: a record number of children in temporary accommodation.
We are investing £1 billion to tackle homelessness, abolishing no-fault evictions and building 1.5 million new homes.
Meanwhile, the SNP has cut its affordable housing budget.
It has had the largest settlement since devolution.
It has the power and the money; now it is time that it started delivering.
This morning, I received an email from Santander informing me that the Bognor Regis and Rustington branches in my constituency are both set to close.
With four other bank branches having shut across the constituency in 2023 alone, the most vulnerable members of our society are being gradually cut off from essential banking services.
Small cash-based businesses will also struggle to deposit their takings, faced with the added burden of travelling to Chichester or Worthing, making it even harder for them to operate.
What decisive action is the Prime Minister taking to guarantee that people and businesses in my constituency and across the country are not left without access to cash and vital banking services?
We are rolling out 350 banking hubs across all communities.
I will happily arrange for the hon.
Lady to have a meeting with the Minister to discuss how that might affect her constituency.
First, let me welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement of £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for the industrial future of Grangemouth.
Today, I want to ask specifically about the workers facing redundancy.
Given the assurances from the Prime Minister on 18 February and repeated by Anas Sarwar, the Scottish Labour Leader, as recently as 4 March, can the Prime Minister confirm that the guarantee given on 18 months’ paid protection will be honoured for all those workers losing their jobs due to the Grangemouth refinery closure, including the shared services workers, and will he say how the payment can be claimed by all those affected?
Petroineos has said that every employee made redundant will get 18 months’ full pay.
The Project Willow report, which has come out today, describes how we can support a sustainable industrial future for Grangemouth, which is incredibly important, delivering jobs and economic growth.
As my hon.
Friend references, I have announced £200 million through the National Wealth Fund to secure the site’s long-term future, and that is backed by the £100 million Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal and the training guarantee to support workers into good jobs.
Those are all actions that we are taking on this very important issue.
Today, the House of Lords considers the Infected Blood Compensation Scheme Regulations 2025, which diverge from the proposals of the inquiry report and the Government response.
The regulations introduce new exclusions, treat victims inconsistently and downgrade some previously agreed awards, such as that for my constituent Owen Savill.
Will the Prime Minister remember the promise made to victims such as Owen and think again?
The victims of this scandal have suffered unspeakably.
I am pleased that at the Budget we set aside £11.8 billion to compensate them for this appalling scandal.
I gently point out that the Conservative  party was committed, rightly, to the compensation but did not provide a single penny in the column to pay for it.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority has been established and it began to make payments last year, with over £1 billion of interim payments having been made.
We remain completely committed to co-operating with the inquiry and acting on its recommendations.
Everyone is talking about “Adolescence”, the series by Knowsley’s own Stephen Graham and Christine Tremarco, which highlights online male radicalisation and violence against girls.
The creators of the show are calling for screenings in Parliament and schools to spark change.
Will the Prime Minister back the campaign to counter toxic misogyny early and give young men the role models that they deserve?
Yes.
At home we are watching “Adolescence” with our children—I have a 16-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl.
It is a very good drama to watch.
The violence carried out by young men, influenced by what they see online, is a real problem.
It is abhorrent and we have to tackle it.
We are putting in specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every police force and doing work on 999 calls, but this is also a matter of culture.
It is important that, across the whole House, we tackle this emerging and growing problem.
The Liberal Democrats have long called for a UK-EU youth mobility scheme.
Polling has repeatedly shown that the majority of Brits support the idea, including my constituents in Epsom and Ewell.
A well-structured and controlled scheme would show that the Government are serious about providing opportunities for young people and backing British business.
Will the Prime Minister stop sitting on the fence and finally commit to a youth mobility scheme?
We are working closely with our European colleagues, and the EU in particular, on a reset of the relationship.
We will not be returning to freedom of movement—I have made that clear repeatedly —but we are making good progress.
The previous Government failed to properly support further and adult education over the past 14 years.
In contrast, the Prime Minister’s personal commitment to technical qualifications has been encouraging.
Last year’s Budget provided a welcome boost to some parts of the sector, but need and demand are outstripping available funding.
Skills are crucial to the Government meeting their mission to deliver economic growth, build 1.5 million homes and transition to a green economy.
Will the Prime Minister reassure me that the funding model will be reviewed, so that we do not see colleges having to turn away people who want to gain the skills that our country so desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is right that further education plays a critical role in giving young people the skills and confidence that they need, and the training that we need for the future.
We are investing £400 million in education for 16 to 19-year-olds this year,   and our levy-funded growth and skills offer will create jobs in key industries.
I can assure her that the funding will deliver enough places for young people.
Large spending announcements for defence would make people think that Britain is marching to war, but the Ministry of Defence is bimbling along with procurement systems that are better designed for peacetime.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to bring British industry into this fight, and quickly?
Yes, but the Opposition did leave a bit of a mess that we are clearing up, having hollowed out our armed forces and having not made the investment that we needed in our defence.
We have announced the largest sustained increase since the cold war to 2.5% by 2027 and 3% in the next Parliament, subject to economic circumstances.
We are getting on with the job and clearing up the mess that they left.
My constituency has the greatest number of high-rise buildings with dangerous cladding in the country.
On Friday, I visited Stratford fire station.
Our brilliant local firefighters told me that 77 high-rise buildings  in Newham and 165 in Tower Hamlets are covered in hazardous materials, with many of them deemed unsafe.
Thousands of my constituents have been calling for justice for years.
What are the Government doing to ensure that private developers are held to account for the dangerous cladding on high-rise buildings that they have built?
My hon.
Friend is right that remediation has been far too slow, and everybody deserves a safe and secure home.
We have signed a contract with 54 major developers who will pay for or fix over 1,700 buildings, and we are accelerating that progress.
We will take tough action against those who evade their responsibilities.
We will recover taxpayers’ funds and make sure that those responsible pay up and fix unsafe buildings quickly.
I come to this Chamber every week to ask sensible questions—[Interruption]—and I expect sensible answers, but all I get is glazed expressions and waffle from those on the Government Benches.
I want to ask the Prime Minister a simple question on behalf of all the net zero sceptics.
If we became net zero tomorrow, by how much would that reduce the Earth’s temperature?
It is a simple question.
Net zero is of course not easy, but it is a huge opportunity to boost our growth, our jobs and our economy.
The hon.
Member knows my views on that.
He complains, but Reform would have better ideas if it stopped fawning over Putin.
I understand that  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  wants to be Prime Minister, but he cannot even lead a party that fits in the back of a taxi.
One in five disabled people in social housing, and one in three disabled private renters, live in inaccessible housing.
One of my constituents with severe fibromyalgia and post-traumatic stress disorder lives in a first-floor flat   with no lift access.
As we build the 1.5 million new homes that the country needs, will the Prime Minister ensure that they are built to be accessible and adaptable so that disabled and older people can live independently for generations to come?
My hon.
Friend is right that everybody needs to be able to access a home that is suitable for them and meets their needs.
The planning rules already mean that councils must consider the needs of disabled people when planning new homes.
We will go further, setting out our policies on accessible new homes very shortly.
We are boosting the disabled facilities grant by £172 million, helping more people to make vital improvements and live independent lives.
Despite Ukraine being the victim in Russia’s illegal aggression, President Zelensky has shown leadership to his people by committing to the US plans for a ceasefire.
However, it is clear that Putin is playing for time and is still carrying out daily attacks on the Ukrainian people.
Is now not the time to take those frozen Russian assets, seize them and give them to the Ukrainian people to strengthen their hand at the negotiating table and punish Russian aggression?
On both points, last night, following the discussions yesterday, I spoke to President Zelensky to discuss the way forward.
On the wider question of assets, it is complicated—it is not straightforward—but we are working with others to see what is possible.
The release of Project Willow today is a step forward in securing good jobs and an industrial future for Grangemouth.
However, the Government need to work at pace to ensure that the recommendations in Willow are acted on.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps he will be taking to ensure that barriers to a rapid transition at Grangemouth are removed and investment is progressed as quickly as possible?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising Grangemouth again, for the second time in this session; that is because it is centrally important.
He will have heard what I had to say about the projects that we are looking at to ensure the long-term future of Grangemouth, the interim measures that are being taken and, of course, the £200 million of the wealth fund that I announced just a few weeks ago.