The Minister knows that that is funding for one year, and mainly for buildings, as he has admitted.
This will be a cost on hospices every single year going forward.
It will be cumulative and mean that hospices have to ask their communities for more and more, just to give that basic help.
Will he commit to funding children’s hospices by the £4.9 million that the Government are taking off them every year, or not—yes or no?
The points I was making before I gave way to the right hon.
Gentleman are recurrent features of the tax system.
The support through the tax regime for charities and their donors, which was worth more than £6 billion in April 2024, is a feature of the system that happens every year.
The increase in the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500, which will benefit hospices that are set up as charities, is a permanent change that we are making through the Bill.
As is evident to many hon.
Members, the Minister has, for the first time, found himself unable to answer some very straightforward questions from Opposition Members about the difference between the allocation of funding for capital expenditure and for current expenditure, and the impact that that difference will have on our hospices, children’s hospices, GPs and others affected by Labour’s jobs tax.
I am sure Members of the House of Lords who brought these amendments back will also have noticed that the Minister has been unable to answer those questions.
Prior to the Bill going back to the House of Lords, will the Minister agree to speak to the Chancellor or the Chief Secretary to the Treasury to get a clear  answer to the questions that have been raised today about which money will be available for capital and which money will be available to offset the national insurance charge increase?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman felt that I was being unclear—I think I was being perfectly clear on the Government’s position.
He may not agree with that position—he is entitled not to—but on the employer national insurance contribution changes I have been very clear that the Government will provide support directly to central Government, local government and public corporations, such as Departments and other public sector employers, as was the case under his Government with the health and social care levy.
That does not apply to GPs, dentists, hospices and the other organisations that we have been discussing today.
The important point that I was making, which I hope was clear to him and his colleagues on the Conservative Benches, was about the wider support that the Government are providing to hospices, the funding that we are providing to GPs and the discussions we are having with other primary care providers.
That is the context in which the Bill has to be seen.
We are able to take decisions around funding for public services because of the difficult decisions that we took at the Budget last year, and this Bill implements one of those decisions.
At Prime Minister’s questions earlier today, it was noticeable that when the Prime Minister asked the Leader of the Opposition whether she would reverse the national insurance contribution rise that we are bringing in through the Bill, she refused to commit to that.
I am unclear exactly what the Conservative position is—[Interruption.]
rose— I think one of the Conservative Members said that he will update me in his speech later.
I may have misheard him, but I think I heard him say that he will confirm later whether the Opposition will reverse the national insurance changes we are making, so I look forward to that update.
Will the Minister explain to the House how it is right for the Government to cover the extra national insurance contributions of those working in the public sector, for example in hospital provision, but it is not right to do that for those working in hospices, in end of life care?
How can that circle be squared?
Why will they cover the national insurance contributions for those working in hospitals that are treating people, but not for those working in hospices that deliver end of life care?
The fundamental principle is about which organisations the Government will support in response to the changes to national insurance contributions.
The approach the Government are taking, which is in line with the approach taken by the previous Government in the health and social care levy, is for the Government to provide support for Departments and other public sector employers for additional employer national insurance contributions.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for North Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) , that means central Government, public corporations and local government.
Primary care providers are independent contractors and will therefore not be exempt from the changes.