I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks on Ukraine and Gaza.
I also pay tribute to Group Captain John “Paddy” Hemingway and all our heroes from the battle of Britain.
Members across the House will, like me, have heard from GPs, dentists, community pharmacists and care homes who are all deeply worried about the impact of the national insurance rise on the services they provide to patients.
That is why the House of Lords passed a Liberal Democrat amendment to exempt NHS and care providers.
That amendment comes before this House this afternoon, but we are hearing worrying reports that the Prime Minister will order Labour MPs to vote against it.
Will the Prime Minister reassure the House and patients across the country that those reports are not true?
I start by pointing out that, because of the changes we made at the Budget, we were able to put record amounts of money into our national health service.
It was vitally important that we did so.
It is not right simply to oppose the measures we had to take to raise the money and at the same say, as the right hon.
Gentleman does, that he wants the benefits of the increase in funding to the NHS.
The two cannot sit together.
We have already invested an additional £3.7 billion of funding in social care, including £880 million to increase the social care grant.
We are taking steps, but the basic point remains: we cannot make the investment in the NHS if we do not raise the money.
He cannot simply oppose any raising of money and at the same time welcome the money into the NHS.
I think the whole House is disappointed by that reply.
I hope that, ahead of the spring statement, the Prime Minister and the Chancellor will think about taking that money from the NHS, and reverse that.
I would like to turn to the issue of illegal hare coursing.
Criminal gangs are terrorising rural communities across our country, from Cambridgeshire to Devon, from Oxfordshire to Wiltshire.
Men in balaclavas are threatening and abusing farmers, as these criminals tear across their fields in 4x4s.
Farmers are warning that it is only a matter of time before someone is killed.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that we must act urgently against this appalling criminality?
Will he back our calls for a comprehensive rural crime strategy, so that we not just stamp out hare coursing but keep our rural communities safe from all crime?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue, which is a matter of deep concern.
We are already developing a rural crime strategy, but we will happily work with him and others to develop it further.
My constituents in Birmingham Northfield are deeply concerned about the scourge of knife crime, and I pay tribute to the professionalism of West Midlands  police for its response to these horrendous attacks.
However, there are still 1,200 fewer police officers and police community support officers in the force than in 2010, and a new bid for 150 more officers has been submitted to the Home Office.
Will the Prime Minister look at this issue so that the police can do more to keep our streets secure and safe?
I join my hon.
Friend in commending West Midlands police for keeping his community safe.
We are doubling our investment to £200 million towards the recruitment of 13,000 neighbourhood police officers, giving every community a named officer to help tackle violent crime, and we are currently working through bids with forces to ensure that we do so.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the Policing Minister.
We have a deeply unfair and unequal economic system, where vast numbers of people are struggling while billionaires are getting richer and richer.
Does the Prime Minister really think that the way to tackle this situation is to put the onus on older people, children, and now sick and disabled people, rather than on the shoulders of the super-rich—those who can most easily afford to pay—with a wealth tax?
If the Prime Minister uses the phrase “difficult choices” in his answer, will he specify “difficult choices” for whom?
We do have a proportional tax system, and we have raised tax on the wealthiest under this Government.
The hon.
Lady’s advice would count for a bit more if her party’s manifesto had not been a recipe for £80 billion of extra borrowing, which would have done exactly what Liz Truss did to the economy—that would not help any of the people she is claiming to support.