Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of a loving husband, dedicated grandfather, doting grandfather, astute entrepreneur, committed public servant and dear friend of longstanding, the Honorable Curtis Parham ``CP'' Redding.
Sadly, ``CP'' passed away on May 9, 2025.
A service to commemorate his remarkable life was held on May 15, 2025, in Eufaula, Alabama.
Born on September 8, 1932, in Hatcher Station, Quitman County, Georgia, ``CP'' was the son of Curtis Lowe Redding and Ora Inez (Green) Redding.
He was a man of unwavering character, known for his commanding presence, generous spirit, and fierce devotion to his family and friends.
His kindness, strength, and integrity inspired everyone who had the privilege of knowing him.
A passionate outdoorsman, ``CP'' enjoyed hunting, traveling crosscountry with his beloved wife Annie Ruth, and creating lasting memories through his woodworking.
He was a true entrepreneur, operating a successful logging company for over 25 years while also owning and managing a country store, bait shop, grocery store, and restaurant.
His diverse ventures showcased his dedication to serving the community.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
``CP'' paid his rent and he paid it well.
His commitment to improving lives in the Chattahoochee Valley/ Quitman County was evident through his service on more than 13 boards and commissions, often as Chairman.
He tirelessly advocated for better education, healthcare, and public services, leaving a lasting impact on countless lives.
On a personal note, ``CP'' was my friend and supporter for many years.
He always advocated for all things Quitman County.
He never told me what I wanted to hear, he always told me what he felt I needed to hear.
I will be forever grateful for the timbre of his character and the fidelity of his friendship.
``CP'' accomplished much in life but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of his beloved wife of nearly 74 years, Annie Ruth Redding; his children, Vickie Turner (David Gatch) of Prattville, Alabama, Curtis Parham ``Bubba'' Redding (Dawn) of Cuthbert, Georgia, and John Melton Redding (Amanda) of Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and his sister, Gail Redding Corlee (Leonard) of Georgetown, Georgia.
``CP'' also leaves behind seven grandchildren, nine greatgrandchildren, two great-great-grandchildren, and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins.