Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to rise today to join family, friends, and parishioners in paying tribute to Monsignor Robert Tucker, as he celebrates his 55th pastoral anniversary with a special Mass at the Abbey of Regina Laudis in Bethlehem, Connecticut.
Born in Torrington, Monsignor Tucker attended St. Francis School and Torrington High School before pursuing the priesthood at St. Thomas Seminary and St. Bonaventure University.
Following his ordainment by Archbishop Whelan in 1970, he served parishes in Meriden, Simsbury, and New Britain where he served in various youth ministries as well as archdiocesan vocation director.
However, it was at St. Anthony of Padua in Litchfield where he found his pastoral home and where he spent a majority of his pastoral career.
In addition to his duties at St. Anthony of Padua, Monsignor Tucker became pastor of both St. Thomas of Villanova Church in Goshen and Our Lady of Grace Church in Bantam.
In 2017 his steadfast faith and deep commitment to his congregants led all three parishes through a restructuring, bringing them under the umbrella.
Louis de Montfort Parish Corporation.
Over his more than fifty years of ministry, he has earned the respect and admiration that in 2020, Pope Francis approved his nomination by Archbishop Blair's for the honorary title of monsignor.
Over the course of his ministry, Monsignor Tucker did so much more than preside over Masses at the churches he led.
He visited the sick at Charlotte Hungerford Hospital where he was chaplain, fortifying the spiritual centers of patients and their loved ones.
He spent many summers working at Camp Workcoeman, one of the oldest continuously operated Scout camps in the country.
And his weekly column in the Register Citizen, strengthened his deep connections to the community as well as parishioners and friends.
Though he stepped down from his leadership role at St Louis de Montfort Parish in 2022, today, he continues his ministry by serving as chaplain for the cloistered order As a religious leader, advocate, mentor and friend, Monsignor Tucker has touched the lives of thousands.
Through all of his good work he has instilled hope and promise in all of those who have had the good fortune to work with him.
His spiritual guidance has nourished the souls of many and his compassion has encouraged others to give more of themselves.
He has embodied some of the many mottos he has lived by including ``Success is in the effort, not the outcome'' and ``Joy, pass it along.''
Today, as he celebrates his 55th year as a priest, he continues to make a difference in the lives of others--his work a reflection of the heart of Catholic teachings.
I am proud to extend my deepest thanks and appreciation as well as my heart-felt congratulations to Monsignor Robert Tucker as he celebrates this very special milestone.
Happy 55th Anniversary and best wishes for many more years of success.