Putting aside differences and finding areas of agreement

was one of his specialties.
I value and will cherish the friendship that I shared with Aldo and

will look back fondly at the times, over dinners, local events, we

shared.
No matter how far he had to travel, Aldo would be there giving

me a smile from the back of a crowded town hall or business round

table.
God Bless Aldo.
I thank him for all he has done and the kindness that

accompanied him every step on this earth.
He will be missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN W. POGOREK

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service

of Brigadier General John ``Pogo'' Pogorek, who was Commander of the

New Hampshire Air National Guard (NHANG).
On July 8, 2024, he was the

victim of a tragic accident near his home in Rochester, New Hampshire.
General Pogorek was a beloved father, husband, son, and brother who

dedicated his life to service in both the Air Force and NHANG.
Born in Ware, Massachusetts, General Pogorek received a Bachelor of

Science in Human Factors Engineering from the United States Air Force

Academy and was commissioned as an officer in 1989.
He Joined NHANG in

January 1999, serving in numerous leadership roles, including

commanding the 157th Maintenance, Operations, and Air Refueling Wing

Groups.
General Pogorek was promoted to Commander of the NHANG in June

2022 and served as the principal advisor to the Governor of New

Hampshire.
General Pogorek made a remarkable impact on New Hampshire and our

country throughout his 35 years of service.
During his career he logged

over 6,000 flight hours piloting T-1, C-130, KC-135, and KC-46

aircraft.
He also helped design the KC-46 tail art and helped to bring

back military airshows to New Hampshire.
For his dedicated service,

General Pogorek received accolades such as the Meritorious Service

Medal with four oak leaf clusters, the Air Medal Aerial Achievement

Medal with four oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal

with oak leaf cluster, the AF Outstanding Unit Award, and several

others.
He was dedicated to the health and safety of everyone that is

currently serving at Pease, and those that served there in the past,

along with their families.
General Pogorek was deeply devoted to his family, and in 2018, he and

his beloved wife Whitney established Red Gate Farm.
The family farm

quickly grew into a heritage breed meat business, where General Pogorek

transitioned his service and dedication from country to community.
General Pogorek and his family developed relationships selling their

meat to local farmers markets as he adapted to life as a farmer.
General Pogorek's family and friends describe him as a kind, humble,

funny, and resilient man.
He had a passion for learning and inspired

those around him, both within his career of service and outside of it.
Those who knew General Pogorek recognized his dedication to his country

and family, and admired his loyalty, kindness, and leadership.
We are

forever grateful for his selfless service and sacrifice.
During this difficult time, my thoughts and condolences are with his

wife Whitney, his children, Megan, Jacob, Jenna, Jason, and Jackson,

his mother Mary, his siblings, Karen, Donna, Kevin, and Sandra, and all

of General Pogorek's loved ones.
On behalf of the constituents of New

Hampshire's First Congressional District, I commend General Pogorek for

his exemplary service and sacrifice to our Nation.
His legacy will

endure, and he will be dearly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE INCREASED TRANSPARENCY IN 501(c)(4) ORGANIZATIONS

ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Increased

Transparency in 501(c)(4) Organizations Act of 2024.