VERN BUCHANAN

Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law

enforcement men and women who have provided distinguished service to

the people of Florida's 16th Congressional District.
Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice,

courage, and dedication to serve others.
Every day, brave men and women

put themselves in harm's way to enforce the laws of our society and

protect public safety.
They deserve our gratitude and respect.
Fourteen years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Law

Enforcement Awards to give special recognition to law enforcement

officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement.
This year, I will present Congressional law enforcement awards to the

following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current

and retired law enforcement personnel representing a cross-section of

the district's law enforcement community:

Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award: Lieutenant Nicholas Pruitt,

Deputy Michael Ates, Deputy Althavia Brown, Deputy James Forkin, Deputy

Christopher Houghton, and Detective Dwight Roberts of the Manatee

County Sheriff's Office.
Dedication and Professionalism Award: Officer Andrew Adkins of the

Holmes Beach Police Department, Officer Kevin Williams of the Bradenton

Police Department, Trooper Taylor Ledford of the Florida Highway

Patrol, Corporal Benjamin Schlabach of the Palmetto Police Department,

Detective Matthew Hostetler, Detective Steven Luke, and Detective

Carmine Luper of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Gary Tibbetts Career Service Award: Major Todd Shear of the Manatee

County Sheriff's Office, Captain (retired) William Knight and Detective

Jeff Beckley of the Bradenton Police Department, and Special Agent

(retired) Stephen Lieberman of the Florida Department of Law

Enforcement.
Preservation of Life Award: Sergeant Russell Ackerman of the

Bradenton Police Department, Officer Specialist Kelsey Dalton of the

Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, Lieutenant Richard

Rietz, Sergeant Randy Lamb, Sergeant Laszlo Nagy, Detective Eric Davis,

Deputy Jake Essek, Deputy Joshua Groover, Deputy Brian Hart, Deputy

Stanley Hartley, Deputy Brandon Howard, Deputy Lauren Jalowiec, Deputy

Alexis Lyon, Deputy Robert Macchio, Deputy Paul McCartney, Deputy

Humberto Noronha, Deputy Gregory Palso, Deputy Deborah Perry, Deputy

Carrie Renninger, Deputy Patti Savageau, Deputy Hurly Smith, and Deputy

Arturo Velasquez of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Unit Citation Award: Bradenton Police Department Narcotics Unit:

Detective Eleazar Garcia and Detective Brandon Kells; Florida Highway

Patrol Troop C Criminal Interdiction Unit: Sergeant Joshua Malloy,

Trooper Jeremy Fields, Trooper Wesley Kelly, Trooper Deryck Lewis,

Trooper Chris Nottingham, Trooper Sergio Pearce, Trooper Eric Schaub,

K-9 Flip, K-9 Titan, and K-9 Lobo; Manatee County Sheriff's Office

Fraud/Auto/Pawn Unit: Sergeant Jason Farrier, Detective Anthony Begley,

Detective Joshua Breitwieser, Detective Gary Cummings III, Detective

Samuel Ebeling, Detective Rachael Fossaceca, Detective Daniel Reyna,

Detective Antonio Starnes, and Detective Randall Walker.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ALDO PINESCHI, JR.
HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend, Aldo

Pineschi, Jr., who recently passed away in Roseville, California.
His

loss is felt throughout Northern California, and very personally to

myself.
My deepest condolences to his wife Lesli, their children, and

to his extended family and many friends.
Aldo was a quiet leader with

tremendous influence, and also had a most caring spirit.
There was

little in Placer County that didn't have his wise advice and

fingerprints on it.
Aldo was a humble man who loved his community and

did everything in his power to make it better.
Never wanting to be in

the limelight, he indeed was a light and help to dozens of charities,

as well as encouraging all levels of government to come together to

solve issues.
Putting aside differences and finding areas of agreement

was one of his specialties.
I value and will cherish the friendship that I shared with Aldo and

will look back fondly at the times, over dinners, local events, we

shared.
No matter how far he had to travel, Aldo would be there giving

me a smile from the back of a crowded town hall or business round

table.