In 1985, as a senior and team captain, Ken batted

432 with 13 home runs and 64 RBIs in 65 games.
His achievements earned

him a Big Ten Medal of Honor and the 1985 Michigan Athlete of the Year

award.
Shortly after he graduated from the University of Michigan, Ken

embarked on a long and successful career in the hospitality industry.
Starting in 1985 as a sales representative, by 2010 he was the

Executive VP and Managing Director of Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island,

consistently ranked as one of the world's top hotels.
Ken was appointed

to the Michigan Travel Commission by Gov. Jennifer Granholm in 2005 and

then reappointed in 2008.
Ken served as the commission's chairman from

2008 to 2010.
During his tenure as chairman, Travel Michigan secured

funding to develop the Pure Michigan advertising campaign, which

continues today as a national brand and marketing effort for Michigan

travel and tourism.
Since 2021, Ken has been a VP at Blue Cross Blue

Shield of Michigan, directing their social mission and community

affairs.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating Ken

Hayward and all the accomplishments he achieved on behalf of our

Wolverines and the entire State of Michigan.
A consummate professional,

we couldn't have asked for a better representative of our great state.
I thank Ken and congratulate him on this tremendous achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FREEDOM OLD HOME WEEK PARADE

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Freedom's

125th Old Home Week Parade.
Freedom has become an example of how small

towns and other communities in New Hampshire can grow strongest through

shared traditions that bring together a community's past and present.
In 1831, after the community of North Effingham voted to secede from

the town of Effingham, they chose the name ``Freedom''

for their new town--a tribute to their residents achieving their goal

of self-determination.
Freedom's location on the north end of Ossipee

Lake has allowed the town to be a gateway between New Hampshire's Lakes

Region and the White Mountains.
Old Home Week is a New Hampshire tradition that allows us to

celebrate the places we call home.
Created by New Hampshire governor

Frank W. Rollins in 1899, Old Home Week was inspired as a way to

encourage New Hampshire natives to return to their hometown after many

younger New Hampshirites had moved west in search of economic

opportunities.
In the 21st century, globalization and technological

advances have reduced social distance throughout the world, but the

importance of strong, close-knit communities has remained the same.
By

proudly continuing the tradition of Old Home Week, Freedom envisions a

community where current and former residents alike can be proud of

their hometown.
Thank you to the town of Freedom for inviting me to experience their

community as a part of the Old Home Week Parade.
I admire all of the

volunteers who made this experience possible for the 125th straight

year.
I hope everyone enjoys themselves in celebrating this wonderful

town.
To understand the importance of small towns building a proud

community for their current and former residents, we all need to hear

Freedom ring.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE NAVAL AIR DEVELOPMENT CENTER IN WARMINSTER,

PENNSYLVANIA

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, today it is my great honor to rise in

recognition of the countless invaluable contributions of the Naval Air

Development Center (NADC) in Warminster, Pennsylvania, to the aerospace

heritage of my community and our entire country.
For six decades, the NADC has been the cornerstone of United States

Naval aviation research.
Before the era of Silicon Valley and Research

Triangle Park, NADC was the premier aviation research center and cradle

of aerospace innovation.