Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major Matthew D.

Willey for his retirement from the United States Air Force after 20

years of distinguished service.
Major Willey enlisted in the Air Force after graduating from the

University of Iowa in 2003 Throughout his career, he consistently

demonstrated exceptional leadership, dedication, and a strong work

ethic.
In 2009, he commissioned and cross-trained in the Tactical Air

Control Party Officer career field.
He has deployed multiple times in

support of Operation Resolute Support, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and

Operation Enduring Freedom.
Among his many accomplishments, he notably

became the first in his career field to receive the Air Force

Commendation Medal with Valor in August of 2011.
This prestigious award

is reserved for those who display extraordinary heroism in the face of

extreme danger.
While in Afghanistan, Major Willey's detachment was

ambushed by insurgents, and he was forced to cross open fire to call in

a danger close strafing run.
This display of remarkable bravery and

selflessness resulted in the elimination of 15 insurgents without a

single American casualty.
His quick thinking and courageous actions

serve as a profound example for all.
Major Willey has continued to excel as a leader, not only in combat

but also in his roles as Flight Commander, Assistant Director of

Operations, and Director of Operations, accumulating over 14 awards and

decorations throughout his illustrious 20-year career.
But he hasn't

stopped there, he has spent these last two years of service here in the

great state Iowa, striving to cultivate and shape the minds of young

men and women, both as students as well as cadets.
Through his role as

Assistant Professor of Aerospace Studies as well his role as Operations

Officer at Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps Detachment 250 at

Iowa State University, he dedicates himself to the task of producing

the highest quality and highest caliber of students and officers for

not only the United States Air and Space Force but for this nation.
Major Willey not only reflects great credit upon himself, but he

reflects great credit up the United States Air Force and his country.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing Major

Willey for his unwavering dedication to our country.
His service before

self, exceptional military achievements, and steadfast roles as a

spouse, father, and friend have not only enhanced our national security

but also stand as a testament to the values of bravery, devotion, and

compassion.
I join Major Willey's family, friends, and colleagues in

celebrating his retirement and extend to him my heartfelt best wishes

for the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING MARIA MACAULAY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today a Service of Worship

in Remembrance of and Thanksgiving for Life was held for Maria Locke

Boineau Macaulay at the historic First Presbyterian Church of Columbia,

South Carolina.
Services were conducted by Reverend Dr. David H.

Lauten, with organist Thomas Russell, and soloist Emma Hagood.
I am grateful Maria was the wife of my fellow former State Senator

Alex Macaulay and my cherished Boineau second cousin.
I include in the Record the following obituary that was published in

the service bulletin:

``Maria Locke Boineau Macaulay passed away in the morning

of July 17, 2024.
Born in Columbia on January 11, 1943, Maria

was the proud daughter of the late Edward ``Bru'' Boineau and

Helen Gayle Bell Boineau.
She attended Columbia High, where

at 5'2'' and 95 pounds she earned the nickname ``Moose.''
A

lifelong lover of books and the Gamecocks, she graduated from

the University of South Carolina with a bachelor's degree in

English.
``After a brief stint in Charlotte, she returned to her

home state and married her first (and only) husband Alex

Macaulay of Columbia.