Please join me in congratulating the Buffalo Maendeleo Soccer Club

and Bridges from Borders on the incredible success of the #OneWorld

Soccer Tournament.
Today, we thank these organizations for their

dedication to serving our community and uplifting our youth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE OPENING OF THE NEW WINNERS CHURCH BUILDING IN DUMFRIES,

VIRGINIA

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Winners Church of

Dumfries, Virginia and extend my congratulations to them on the

completion of their new church building.
This expansion will enable

them to continue their mission of service to the community.
Winners Church has served the people of Virginia's Seventh

Congressional District for more than 13 years.
Under the direction of

Senior Pastor Henry Godwin, Winners Church has enriched the lives of

Dumfries residents by fostering a sense of community and providing

invaluable support to their congregants.
This new building serves as a

symbol of the continued dedication to service that Winners Church

nurtures in their community and will continue to grow through their

love and faith.
The mission of Winners Church is to be a place where overcomers are

raised, hope is restored, purpose is realized, and potential is

maximized.
Since the church's founding in December of 2010, they have

continuously provided for their community through annual events such as

the turkey giveaway, back to school giveaway, tissue drive, and

quarterly visits to shelters and assisted living homes throughout

Dumfries.
I applaud Pastor Godwin and the entire Winners Church family

for their tireless work to develop a welcoming environment for the

people of Dumfries and beyond, and for the support they have provided

to our community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Winners

Church on the opening of their new house of worship.
This remarkable

achievement is a testament to their unwavering dedication and their

deep commitment to serving the people of Dumfries, Virginia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE TEN-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF ICES PLAIN & FANCY ICE CREAM

PARLOR

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with the people of St.

Louis, to honor and celebrate the ten-year anniversary of Ices Plain &

Fancy Ice Cream Parlor, a beloved institution in our community located

in the Shaw neighborhood of St. Louis.
Founded in 2014 by visionary entrepreneurs, Ices Plain & Fancy has

become a cornerstone of our local culinary scene, renowned for its

innovative approach to ice cream making.
By utilizing liquid nitrogen

to craft their unique flavors, they offer not just a treat but an

extraordinary experience for all who visit.
It is with great pride that

I recognize and celebrate the ten-year anniversary of Ices Plain &

Fancy Ice Cream Parlor.
Over the past decade, Ices Plain & Fancy has continually demonstrated

a commitment to quality and creativity.
Their dedication to sourcing

local ingredients and supporting sustainable practices has garnered

admiration and loyalty from their patrons.
Ices Plain & Fancy ice cream

has brought many St. Louisans welcome respite on hot summer days.
Their

contributions to the local economy, culture, and culinary heritage

cannot be overstated.
As they celebrate this remarkable ten-year milestone, I extend my

heartfelt congratulations to the entire team at Ices Plain & Fancy.
Their passion and hard walk have made a lasting impact on our

community, and I look forward to seeing their continued success in the

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS

HON.
VERN BUCHANAN

Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law

enforcement men and women who have provided distinguished service to

the people of Florida's 16th Congressional District.
Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice,

courage, and dedication to serve others.