Mr. Speaker, today it is my great honor to rise in

recognition of the countless invaluable contributions of the Naval Air

Development Center (NADC) in Warminster, Pennsylvania, to the aerospace

heritage of my community and our entire country.
For six decades, the NADC has been the cornerstone of United States

Naval aviation research.
Before the era of Silicon Valley and Research

Triangle Park, NADC was the premier aviation research center and cradle

of aerospace innovation.
Originally acquired from the Brewster Aircraft Corporation by the

United States Government during World War II, the NADC transitioned to

United States Navy management in 1947 and quickly became synonymous

with innovation, pioneering advancements in pilotless aircraft, modern

aircraft design, propulsion systems, electronics, surveillance

technologies, acoustics processing, communications, navigation

(including Global Positioning System (GPS)), and weaponry.
Its mission

was clear: to be a global leader in naval aviation research and

development, and it accomplished this mission successfully.
The NADC housed over thirty laboratories, each focusing on various

critical aspects of naval aviation.
These hubs of innovation drew

visionary engineers, scientists, technicians, and support staff from

across the nation to take part in this groundbreaking research that

pushed the boundaries of aerospace technology.
Their collective efforts

yielded numerous breakthroughs crucial to securing our national defense

and advancing global aerospace capabilities.
Among their countless achievements, one of the most significant was

the establishment of the Aviation Medical Acceleration Laboratory

(AMAL).
Central to this laboratory was the world's most powerful human

centrifuge.
Famously known as the ``Johnsville Centrifuge'', this

facility played a critical role in advancing the understanding of high-

performance jet aircraft's effects on pilots, significantly

contributing to the training and safety protocols of pilots in

groundbreaking programs like the North American X-15, Mercury, Gemini,

Apollo Spacecrafts, and Space Shuttle missions.
In addition, the Anti-Submarine Warfare Laboratory was instrumental

in developing cutting-edge technologies vital to the Navy's Cold War

efforts.
Innovations like the Lockheed P-3 Orion and S-3 Viking

aircraft, Light Airborne Multi-Purpose System (LAMPS) helicopters, and

advanced sonobuoys significantly enhanced their capability to detect

and counter Soviet submarine threats.
Furthermore, the NADC served as the lead laboratory for several

iconic aircraft, including the Grumman F-14 Tomcat, McDonnell Douglas

F/A-18 Hornet tactical fighters, the Presidential Helicopter fleet, and

the Take Charge and Move Out (TACAMO) communications platforms.
Its

influence extended beyond aircraft to encompass the entire spectrum of

navigation systems used by Navy aircraft, submarines, and surface

vessels.
The NADC crew systems office was also responsible for pioneering

advancements in aviation life support, life sciences, and crew station

technologies.
From the Navy Common Ejection Seat (NACES) to flight

helmets and flame-retardant NOMEX flight suits, the innovations and

initiatives born out of this office underscore the profound impact the

NADC has had in enhancing pilot safety and mission effectiveness.
The Naval Air Development Center's legacy has shaped the past and

future of naval aviation and inspired generations of engineers,

scientists, and innovators to pursue excellence in aerospace research

and development.
Mr. Speaker, I stand before this esteemed chamber proud and humbled

to celebrate the invaluable contributions of the NADC and commend their

decades of dedication, expertise, leadership, ingenuity and innovation.
Because of their commitment to fostering exploration, research, and

development in aerospace technology, our Nation continues to be a

leader on the global stage of aviation technology.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MAJOR MATTHEW D. WILEY

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major Matthew D.

Willey for his retirement from the United States Air Force after 20

years of distinguished service.
Major Willey enlisted in the Air Force after graduating from the

University of Iowa in 2003 Throughout his career, he consistently

demonstrated exceptional leadership, dedication, and a strong work

ethic.
In 2009, he commissioned and cross-trained in the Tactical Air

Control Party Officer career field.