Title: CELEBRATING APOSTLE ALBERT D WILSON, JR.
ON HIS 13TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
118

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING APOSTLE ALBERT D WILSON, JR.
ON HIS 13TH PASTORAL

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Apostle Albert D.

Wilson, Jr. of The Greater Royal Worship Center on his 13th pastoral

anniversary.
A devoted man of God and a remarkable leader, Apostle

Wilson has uplifted our community through his faith.
Apostle Wilson began his service to the church at the young age of

six.
He became an ordained minister in the early 2000s.
In 2011, under

the guidance of his grandfather, Apostle Wilson was appointed as the

pastor of the church.
Later, in 2019, he embraced the Lord's call and

was installed as an Apostle.
Throughout his service, Apostle Wilson has expanded the church's

reach and spread his message of faith throughout the community.
He

renamed the church to the Greater Royal Worship Center, inspired by the

vision of his forefathers.
Continuing to build out the church's

community engagement, Apostle Wilson established the Royal Body Shop

Outreach Ministries in Albion, New York.
Above all, Apostle Wilson

leads with the principle of the three L's--We love, we lift, and we

liberate.
In addition to his pastoral work, Apostle Wilson has dedicated

himself to serving our community in multiple capacities.
He is the

director of the Martha Mitchell Community Center, which provides

Buffalo residents with vital resources and services.
During the COVID-

19 pandemic, Apostle Wilson led efforts to combat vaccine

misinformation and hosted numerous vaccination clinics at the center.
Further, Apostle Wilson has been a leading figure with Voice Buffalo,

participating in rallies calling for police reform.
Standing alongside

other faith-based leaders and community activists, Apostle Wilson

called for unity and protection of all people.
Today, Apostle Wilson is a loving husband to his wife, Ykeeta Wilson,

and a father to his seven children.
Please join me in congratulating

Apostle Albert D. Wilson, Jr. on thirteen years of pastoral service and

celebrating his remarkable dedication to his faith and service to the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE #ONEWORLD SOCCER TOURNAMENT OF WNY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the #OneWorld

Soccer Tournament of WNY, an incredible community initiative led by the

Buffalo Maendeleo Soccer Club and Bridges from Borders.
This inaugural

event brought together underrepresented youth in Buffalo's Lower West

Side for a soccer competition.
The organizations leading this project, the Buffalo Maendeleo Soccer

Club and Bridges from Borders, work to support our local refugee and

immigrant populations.
The Buffalo Maendeleo Soccer Club provides safe

community spaces for underserved children to play in a soccer league

with their peers.
Bridges from Borders is a nonprofit organization

promoting mental health and wellbeing for immigrant families moving to

Western New York.
Together, these organizations dedicated nine months to organizing the

#OneWorld Soccer Tournament, with the goal of fostering unity and

combating negative stereotypes placed onto minorities.
The tournament

took place on Saturday, July 13, 2024, with four teams competing in

spirited and fun soccer games.
Parents and players alike had a great

time engaging in friendly competition and connecting with their

community.
Following the tournament's great success, Maendeleo Soccer Club and

Bridges from Borders plan to make the #OneWorld Tournament an annual

event.
They hope to expand their programming to more neighborhoods,

continuing to bring young people together and build unity through

soccer.
Please join me in congratulating the Buffalo Maendeleo Soccer Club

and Bridges from Borders on the incredible success of the #OneWorld

Soccer Tournament.
Today, we thank these organizations for their

dedication to serving our community and uplifting our youth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE OPENING OF THE NEW WINNERS CHURCH BUILDING IN DUMFRIES,

VIRGINIA

HON.