From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE INCREASED TRANSPARENCY IN 501(c)(4) ORGANIZATIONS

ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Increased

Transparency in 501(c)(4) Organizations Act of 2024.
This bill would

require the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to make publicly available

the forms organizations that self-declare under Section 501(c)(4) of

the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) file with the IRS.
Americans have the

right to know which organizations are operating under this section of

the IRC.
To be eligible for tax-exempt status under 501(c)(4), organizations,

often referred to as ``social welfare organizations,'' must be

``devoted exclusively to charitable, educational, or recreational

purposes.''
They can apply for 501(c)(4) status, or they can self-

declare.
Previously, organizations seeking to self-declare were not

required to notify the IRS of their existence.
In 2015, however, the

Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (PATH Act), which

required an organization seeking to self-declare to file a notice with

the IRS, was enacted into law.
The PATH Act did not, however, make the

filed notices, Form 8976, subject to public disclosure

The IRS has opined that Form 8976 cannot be made available under the

Freedom of Information Act or other disclosure laws.
This opinion

creates a discrepancy between those organizations for which the IRS

must make publicly available information--all Section

501(c)(3) organizations and 501(c)(4) organizations that applied for

that status--and self-declared 501(c)(4) organizations.
This

discrepancy appears to have been inadvertently created by the PATH Act.
This bill would fix this discrepancy by requiring the IRS to publicly

disclose any filed Form 8976 upon request, thus allowing the public to

know which organizations operate under 501(c)(4), as they do with

organizations that operate under 501(c)(3).
In the aftermath of the

Supreme Court's Citizens United decision, which allows unlimited

expenditures in political campaigns by these ``social welfare''

organizations, greater transparency is needed.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present for Roll

Call No.
349, Self Amendment No.
3, I would have voted Nay.
Had I been present for Roll Call No.
350, Jackon Amendment No.
4, I

would have voted Yay.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KEN HAYWARD'S INDUCTION TO THE MICHIGAN BASEBALL HALL OF

FAME

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ken Hayward, a

resident of Ann Arbor, Michigan, on the occasion of his induction into

the Michigan Baseball Hall of Fame.
His contributions to Wolverine

athletics and the state of Michigan are worthy of commendation.
Ken was born in 1963 to Bud and Pat Hayward as their only child.
A

native of Waterford, Michigan, Ken's talent and passion on the baseball

diamond was evident from an early age.
After a tremendous high school

career, he received a scholarship to play baseball at the University of

Michigan.
A four-time letterman, Ken was also a four-time First Team All-Big

Ten honoree.
His time on the team saw the Wolverines win two Big Ten

Conference Titles, two NCAA Regional Championships, and multiple trips

to the College World Series.
He still holds Michigan career records for

batting average, RBIs, and games played.
Going the extra mile for his

team, Ken also pitched for his last two seasons, going 12-2 and

recording 7 saves.
In 1985, as a senior and team captain, Ken batted

432 with 13 home runs and 64 RBIs in 65 games.
His achievements earned

him a Big Ten Medal of Honor and the 1985 Michigan Athlete of the Year

award.
Shortly after he graduated from the University of Michigan, Ken

embarked on a long and successful career in the hospitality industry.