She attended Columbia High, where

at 5'2'' and 95 pounds she earned the nickname ``Moose.''
A

lifelong lover of books and the Gamecocks, she graduated from

the University of South Carolina with a bachelor's degree in

English.
``After a brief stint in Charlotte, she returned to her

home state and married her first (and only) husband Alex

Macaulay of Columbia.
In 1973, she moved with her husband and

two children--also named Maria and Alex--to Walhalla, South

Carolina where she established herself as a vibrant and

active presence in the community.
As a member of the Walhalla

Presbyterian Church, she played in the hand bell choir with a

focus and intensity that was truly something to behold.
She

worked years as an award winning and beloved substitute

teacher at Walhalla High School.
While the students never

wished any ill will on their day to day teachers, they were

always excited when they walked in the classroom and saw Mrs.

Macaulay sitting behind the desk.
In addition to her daily

walks around Sertoma Field, she dedicated countless hours to

the Oconee Public Library, delivering books throughout the

county, serving as chairperson of the Library's Board of

Trustees and as president of the Oconee County Friends of the

Library.
In 1999, she was appointed by the governor to the

South Carolina State Library Board and would go on to chair

its Board of Trustees as well.
``A devoted and exuberant mother and grandmother, Riri, as

her six grandchildren called her, traveled across South

Carolina and the mountains of western North Carolina taking

them on vacations as well as attending an infinite number of

sporting events, dance recitals, graduations, birthday

parties, and other special and non-special occasions where

she let the children know each and every time how much she

loved them and how proud she was of them.
``Maria is survived by her husband, Alex Macaulay; her

sister, Gayle Boineau Darby; her daughter, Maria Macaulay

Sellers; her son, Alex Macaulay; a slew of grandchildren,

Maria Locke Sellers, Sarah Calhoun Sellers, Eliza Maxwell

Macaulay, Lee Edward Macaulay, Kate Eleanor Macaulay, and

Julia Webster Macaulay; and an even bigger bundle of cousins,

nieces and nephews.''