I, too, on behalf of the SNP group, put on record our sincere thanks to Humza Yousaf for his public service over the months and years.
I wish him, Nadia and the rest of his family all the best in their future.
Let me also observe that fewer people in Scotland will see our proceedings today as Scottish Television is currently blacked out because of a strike by TV journalists.
I implore the management of STV to get back around the table with the National Union of Journalists, improve its pay offer and try to settle this dispute.
The Budget that was approved a few months ago also contains forward planning assumptions on income and expenditure over the next three to five years.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of those assumptions on the Scottish public finances?
As I have said before, we have a record block grant.
It is running over a three-year period and it averages out at £41.6 billion, and then there are Barnett consequentials added to that.
This year, that figure is £295 million, based on the spring Budget’s figures.
That sounds like no assessment at all has been made.
The truth is that, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies, these forward planning assumptions involve public service cuts of up to £20 billion.
That can only imply savage cuts to the Scottish block grant in the next two to three years.
Sadly, these planning assumptions and the framework are endorsed by the Labour party.
So if people vote either Conservative or Labour at the coming election, are they not consenting to massive cuts in public services in Scotland?
Of course I do not agree with those figures.
Public services in Scotland are in a desperate state.
In their recent Budget, the Scottish Government froze council tax, thereby putting more pressure on local authorities to deliver those public services.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the level of defence spending in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the level of defence spending in Scotland.
Scotland Office Ministers have regular discussions with the Ministry of Defence on all matters relating to defence.
Defence spending contributes significantly to delivering thousands of high-skilled jobs and investment in Scotland.
I welcome the announcement by the Prime Minister that we will increase our defence spending to 2.5% of GDP in response to rising global threats.
Clearly it is good news for the United Kingdom, and Scotland in particular, that 2.5% of GDP will be spent on defence.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the number of jobs that will be protected and potentially be created in Scotland as a result of this decision?
The short answer is that the increased investment announced by the Prime Minister will be focused on firing up the UK industrial base.
The whole United Kingdom will benefit from that, and it will ensure that our armed benefit from the latest technology.
Both of those things will bring economic benefits and support jobs across the whole of the United Kingdom, including Scotland.
At this time of heightened global tension and an illegal war in Ukraine, sparked by the Russians, I am confident that Scotland will play a growing role, as the UK Government ramp up their spending.
Thanks to the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I have been lucky enough to meet some of the amazing military personnel and civilians working at His Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that the increase in defence spending announced last week by the Prime Minister will bring benefits across the whole country, whether at RAF bases in my own constituency or at the many military establishments in Scotland, and that it is another clear demonstration that it is the Conservatives who can be trusted to defend and protect our entire United Kingdom?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
It is the Conservatives who are trusted to defend the whole of the United Kingdom.
The SNP has consistently proposed abandoning our nuclear deterrent, including in its most recent independence paper.
The irony is that the SNP wants to be part of the NATO alliance, but not part of a nuclear NATO alliance.
A vital part of defence spending is ensuring that military personnel live in safe and suitable accommodation.
At last week’s debate on the Renters (Reform) Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Shropshire (Helen Morgan)  ensured concessions from the Government on the standards of military accommodation.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of that in Scotland?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
As the father of a serving soldier, I completely agree with her.
I hear from members of the military that they are disappointed with the standard of accommodation.
I have raised the issue on a UK-wide basis and discussed it with the Defence Secretary.
He said the programme of improvements, which started before last winter, amounts to £400 million of spending.
Further to the Secretary of State’s comments about nuclear bases, I hope he is aware of the alarming rise in more serious nuclear safety incidents at Scotland’s Trident nuclear bases on the Clyde.
My questions have revealed 179 incidents were logged in 2023 and 2024, including six with a risk of radiation leakage to the environment, the first category A incidents in 15 years.
Has he concerns if there was a radioactive leak beyond safe levels in many of these incidents?
What reports will his Government produce to reassure crew and those living nearby that the nuclear infrastructure is not, as one former Downing Street adviser described it, “dangerously rotting”?
I have visited Faslane, our base on the Clyde.
It is an absolutely fantastic facility.
We do not comment on matters relating to Faslane.
If the hon.
Lady has any more specific questions, she should ask them at Defence questions, but regarding our nuclear deterrent and our nuclear facility, we do not comment on things that happen there.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the European Commission’s proposal for a youth mobility scheme on young people in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the European Commission’s proposal for a youth mobility scheme on young people in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the European Commission’s proposal for a youth mobility scheme on young people in Scotland.
I am in touch with Home Office Ministers regularly to discuss immigration matters that affect Scotland.
This Government have youth mobility schemes agreed with 13 countries and we remain open to new arrangements with our international partners, including individual EU member states.
I have to say that I am bemused by that answer.
I will never shake in my view that Brexit was an act of gross harm against the next generation, particularly in Scotland, where we rejected it.
But we are where we are, and the EU has offered the UK a comprehensive youth mobility scheme up to the age of 30 for four years.
That strikes me as a fantastic deal.
Scotland wants to do it, so why is the Minister so keen to hold Scotland back?
But my actual question is: is he as delighted as I think he must be that the Labour party completely agrees with him?
The hon.
Member and the SNP continue to obsess about Brexit and the decision of the United Kingdom to leave the European Union.
This Government are absolutely committed to offering young people opportunities to travel around the world during their education, as demonstrated through our association with the Horizon scheme and through the Government’s Turing scheme.
The youth mobility scheme would allow young people in my constituency of Glasgow North East and across Scotland to participate in youth exchanges, work, study and travel across Europe.
The Minister got to do that.
Is his message to my constituents that this freedom was for the likes of him, but not for the likes of them?
The UK Government currently operate 13 successful bilateral youth mobility schemes with international parties.
The countries with which we already have arrangements include Andorra, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Japan, Monaco, New Zealand, San Marino, South Korea, Taiwan and Uruguay.
[Interruption.]
SNP Members may scoff at these countries, but these countries are offering unique opportunities for Scots to travel internationally and to learn, as many of us did as well.
Anyone in Scotland watching this will be incredibly disappointed with the responses that we have had from the Minister to date.
In March 2021,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  said on BBC Scotland that young people were not reaping the benefits of Brexit.
I do not often agree with my constituency neighbour in the south, but he was absolutely right then and he is still absolutely right now, is he not?
The biggest obstacle to opportunities for young people in Scotland is the SNP Government.
By restricting the number of places for Scottish students at Scottish universities so heavily, the Scottish Government seem intent on driving young people out of our country.
Having been involved in running a number of our youth mobility schemes, I am fairly familiar with the concepts that they involve, such as capped numbers; reciprocity—the idea that we do not have a large flow one way without it happening the other way; limited terms; no access to the welfare system; and the fact that people cannot take dependants with them given their temporary status.
Will the Minister assure me that we will maintain the position that we had under the former Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, that we will do this where it is in the UK’s economic interest and where we know that the main drivers of issues such as immigration abuse do not exist?
That is why we have the schemes that we do with Australia, Canada and New Zealand, and why we should maintain that open approach.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his work in this area and his continued interest in it.
The Government have made it absolutely clear that we have no plans to agree an EU-wide youth mobility scheme for the reason that he has highlighted, but we are open to negotiating with individual member states individual arrangements that suit the United Kingdom and Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
This Government have demonstrated their commitment to supporting households across the United Kingdom and in Scotland with the cost of living, with a £108 billion package of support—one of the largest in Europe.
Inflation is now at 3.2%, which is less than half its recent peak, and is expected to fall to its 2% target one year earlier than expected.
According to the Scottish Parliament’s own research as well as the Fraser of Allander Institute, the Scottish Government’s child poverty targets for 2023-24 are not set to be met.
Given the dereliction of their net zero targets and the widening attainment gap, does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government have given up on governing and given up on the future of Scottish children?
I agree with the hon.
Member: the SNP gave up governing in Scotland a long time ago thanks to its continued obsession with independence and referendums.
The UK Government remain committed to supporting  households across Scotland, demonstrated through our 6.7% increase in working age benefits, our maintaining the triple lock for 12 million pensioners and our cut to national insurance.