The Prime Minister comes out with all that nonsense, but he locks himself away in his Downing Street bunker, moaning that people are not grateful enough to him.
The reality is that Tory MPs are following Tory voters in concluding that only the Labour party can deliver the change that the country needs.
I say to those Tory voters that if they believe in a better Britain, they are safe with this changed Labour party, and it is for them.
In the two weeks since we last met at the Dispatch Box, has the Prime Minister managed to find the money for his completely unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
We addressed that a few weeks ago, and I am happy to address it again.
I know that economics is not the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s strong point, but he would do well to listen to his shadow Education Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson) , who just this morning said, “No, that’s not how it works.”
Indeed, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has also said that the link between national insurance and public services funding is “illusory”—just like Labour’s economic plans.
However, it is crystal clear that there is one party that will deliver tax cuts for working Britain, and it is the Conservative party.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Whoever is banging the furniture will have to pay for it if they damage it.
Can we have less of that?
We are not in the sixth form now.
That was a long, rambling non-answer to the question, which was: has the Prime Minister found the money to fund his £46 billion promise to abolish national insurance?
Whenever he is asked about the date of the election, or about people’s pensions, he acts as if answering straightforward questions is somehow beneath him, but pensioners and those who are planning their retirement deserve better than his contempt for their questions.
If £46 billion were cut from its funding, the value of the state pension would almost halve, so I do not apologise for asking him again—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Gullis, you have the next question, which you are not going to reach at this rate, and you have the ten-minute rule Bill.
I would be quiet for a while if I were you.
I do not apologise for asking on pensioners’ behalf again whether the Prime Minister will finally rule out cutting their state pension to fulfil the enormous black hole in his spending plans.
Of course we can rule that out.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman should stop scaremongering, because it is thanks to the triple lock that we have increased pensions by £3,700 since 2010, and they will rise in each and every year of the next Parliament.
It is Labour who always hit pensioners hard.
It is his mentors, Blair and Brown, who broke their promises, raised pension taxes by £118 billion, and delivered an insulting 75p rise in the state pension.
As one former Labour adviser just said, Brown “destroyed our pensions system”.
They did it before, they will do it again.
Labour always betrays our pensioners.
It is clear that the Prime Minister cannot answer the question of where he is going to find this £46 billion.
[Interruption.]
No, he has said where it  is not coming from; he has not said where it is coming from.
Luckily for him, one of his peers, Lord Frost—yes, him again—does know.
He says that to solve the problem of the Tories’ spending plans, the state pension age should be raised to 75.
Understandably, that will cause some alarm, so will the Prime Minister rule out forcing people to delay their retirement by years and years in order to fulfil his £46 billion black hole?
I have answered this multiple times for the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, but I am happy to say it again: the Conservative party is the party that has delivered and protected the triple lock.
Ultimately, he is not worried about any of this, because as we all remember, he has his very own personal pension plan.
Indeed, it comes with its very own special law: it was called the Pensions Increase (Pension Scheme for Keir Starmer QC) Regulations.
It is literally one law for him and another one for everyone else.