I wish Humza Yousaf well for the future, but after his year in office, nobody in Scotland is better off, and that is coupled with our having a Prime Minister who is clinging on to power.
Child poverty is up.
Life expectancy is falling.
NHS waiting lists are up.
Drug deaths are up.
Homelessness is up.
Economic growth has flatlined.
Is it not the inescapable truth that Scots have been failed by two Governments for far too long?
Does the Minister agree that what Scotland needs now is to be rid of both these distracted, incompetent and hopelessly out-of-touch Governments?
I certainly agree that the SNP Government have not been focused on the day job.
They have been neglecting Scotland’s schools, NHS and transport network.
They have not been getting on with the day job, but the harsh reality is that whoever is elected to replace Humza Yousaf as First Minister will still have the same obsession with independence and referendums.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the UK internal market on the Scottish economy.
The Government’s assessment is that our internal market is the essential basis on which businesses are able to trade freely across the United Kingdom, minimising red tape and maximising opportunities.
In Scotland, 60% of outgoing trade is with the rest of the United Kingdom—more than with the rest of the world combined.
The internal market is beneficial for all parts of the United Kingdom.
It is, however, more important to those areas where there is a border.
Does the Minister therefore agree that the internal market should be very helpful in maintaining and developing economic activity in the borderlands area, and will he consider a second borderlands growth deal, which would certainly help the area on both sides of the border?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the UK’s internal market is essential to promoting economic activity, ensuring that businesses in the borders—in my constituency, in Carlisle and beyond—benefit from frictionless trade with the rest of the United Kingdom.
The borderlands growth deal, which includes a £265 million investment from the UK Government, was signed in July 2021, and is developing a range of projects to further boost economic growth.
When the BBC has the headline on its webpage, “Why has Ireland got so much surplus cash?” is it not clear that the reality is that independent Ireland is more successful in the European and world markets than  Scotland, trapped in the UK?
Ireland has a surplus of £8.6 billion to spend on its society.
The UK has a deficit and cuts, which are hurting people.
Will the Minister remind us of the size of the UK deficit?
I am very clear that Scotland is better served by being at the heart of a strong United Kingdom.
The spending figures of the Scottish Government are very clear, in terms of their dependency on Scotland being part of the UK to support vital public services like the NHS, schools and the transport network.