On Monday, the Armed Forces Minister could neither confirm nor deny that UK troops may soon be deployed on the ground in the middle east.
The public watching will be hoping that Members of this House do not have a short memory when it comes to the potential deployment and involvement of our military in the middle east.
Can I ask the Prime Minister to provide some much-needed clarity: is he giving active consideration to the deployment of UK forces in the middle east—yes or no?
Mr Speaker, you would not expect me to get into any operational planning details, but what I will say is that we are absolutely committed to supporting international effort to get more humanitarian aid into Gaza, which I think the whole House would support, by land, sea and air.
We have tripled our aid commitment, and right now—together with the US, Cyprus and other partners—we are setting up a new temporary pier off the coast of Gaza to get aid in as securely and quickly as possible.
Let us all be in no doubt: aid is required in Gaza, and it is required because, when people are not being bombed, they are starving to death.
The solution to that is a ceasefire and the opening of safe ground aid routes, not the involvement on the ground of UK military personnel.
These are dramatic and potentially dangerous developments, so will the Prime Minister confirm to the House today that, before he makes a decision, all Members will be afforded a vote?
I am not going to apologise for our armed forces playing a leading role in supporting international effort to get more aid in.
Indeed, we are sending Royal Navy support ship RFA Cardigan Bay to the region to support that effort.
The right hon.
Gentleman  talks about this conflict; the fastest way to end it is to ensure that we have a hostage deal that gets hostages out and aid in, and for there to be a sustainable pause in the fighting.
It seems clear that there now is a workable offer on the table, so I hope he joins me in encouraging all parties, including Hamas, to accept that deal so we can move towards a sustainable solution.
My right hon.
Friend’s decision to cancel HS2 led to £207 million for Herefordshire’s potholes and transport infrastructure; Hereford hospital has a new ward, more beds and a new diagnostic centre on the way; £35 million has been allocated to the River Wye recovery plan; inflation is down; the Rwanda Bill has been passed; and defence spending is increasing.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that, if he carries on like this, he is going to win the next election?
I am thankful for my hon.
Friend highlighting the work that the Government are doing, whether that is increasing our defence spending to keep us safe, securing our borders with our Rwanda Act, cutting taxes by £900 or raising the state pension by £900.
I am also pleased that, locally in Herefordshire, we are filling in potholes, helping to save the River Wye and improving local health services.
It is crystal clear that it is the Conservative Government who have a plan and are delivering a brighter future for our country.
In February, the Foreign Secretary said that it would be difficult for a ground offensive on Rafah to avoid harming civilians and destroying homes, and just yesterday, the Deputy Foreign Secretary admitted that he was struggling to see how such an attack could be compliant with international humanitarian law.
All the signs are that Netanyahu is about to defy the international community, and that an attack on the 1.5 million Palestinians sheltering in Rafah is imminent.
If that attack begins, will that be the moment when the Prime Minister finally finds the moral backbone to ban arms exports to Israel, and if not, how much more suffering has to happen before he acts to prevent further UK complicity in crimes against humanity?
What the hon.
Lady did not acknowledge at all is that Israel suffered an appalling terrorist attack that killed hundreds of its citizens, and it does have the right to defend itself.
Of course, as I have been crystal clear, we want to see humanitarian law respected and adhered to by all parties.
Too many civilians have been killed, and we want to see Israel take greater care to avoid harming civilians.
I have made these points repeatedly to Prime Minister Netanyahu, specifically about the impact of any military incursion into Rafah, and we continue to say to the Israelis at all levels that we want to see more aid going in, and bring about a hostage deal so that we can move towards a sustainable ceasefire.
The 60% increase in funding for special educational needs and disabilities is extremely welcome, but challenges around the recruitment of community paediatricians mean that some children in Leighton Buzzard, Dunstable and Houghton Regis are waiting too long for an assessment.
What can the NHS do to attract more of the 39,000  additional doctors recruited under this Government into community paediatrics, as a specialty that is incredibly rewarding and important?
My hon.
Friend is right, and he joins me in welcoming the significant action that we have already taken to improve children’s health, whether that is reducing sugar in children’s food, or the £600 million we have invested to improve the quality of sport and physical activity in schools.
The NHS has established a special group to ensure that the recovery of paediatric services keeps pace with that of adult elective care, and he will be pleased that the NHS long-term workforce plan, which we have fully backed, doubles the number of medical school places in England and increases specialty training places.
That will increase the size of the pool from which community paediatricians can be drawn in the future.
I know that you, Mr Speaker, want to join me in sending condolences to the friends, family and colleagues of our former colleague, Lord Andrew Stunell, who served with exceptional diligence and grace as MP for Hazel Grove in this House, and who passed away very suddenly on Monday.
When the BBC ends longwave radio transmission next year, that will also end access to electricity tariffs such as Total Heating Total Control, which is relied on by almost 1 million households across the United Kingdom.
Switching to smart meters will not fix that for most people, not least because the roll-out programme is so far behind.
Will the Prime Minister, or possibly the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, get energy companies, the regulator and customer groups together, so that we can stop passing the blame around, and find a solution that does not yet again leave people in the highlands and island behind and out in the cold?
I understand that an agreement has now been reached to ensure that radio teleswitch services will continue until June next year.
Ofgem is also engaging with energy suppliers on their plans to support consumers through the transition.
While households currently covered by the service should not be disadvantaged by the switch-off, energy suppliers are best placed to advise on tariffs for those who have been switched to a smart meter.
However, I will ensure that the right hon.
Gentleman gets a meeting with the relevant Minister, to ensure that his constituents are not left behind during the transition.
The east of England is playing a lead role in delivering the UK’s energy security, and without our contribution the country will not be able successfully to transition to a renewable energy supply system.
In recent months, our coast has taken a battering, and projects such as the Lowestoft flood defence scheme have been postponed.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that Departments are fully co-ordinated, so as to provide the region with good supporting infrastructure, proper protection for coastal communities, and every opportunity for local people to take up exciting new jobs?
We are levelling up across the United Kingdom and investing in places that need it the most, including, as my hon.
Friend rightly highlights,  our coastal communities.
Almost £1 billion of levelling-up funding has been allocated to the east of England, including £75 million for coastal places.
I know that he welcomes the town deal for Lowestoft in particular.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss how we can further support his region with its role in our energy security, and, in particular, its coastal communities.
Greenpeace Unearthed found 36 supposed grassroots campaign groups that were actually administered by Conservative staff and activists and which were forums for vile racism, antisemitism and Islamophobic attacks on Sadiq Khan.
While the Prime Minister is above such co-ordinated efforts against 20 mph zones in Wales, will he shed some light on these shady groups spreading abuse, including on their funding and their links to his party, and whether he is aware of similar operations existing elsewhere in the UK?
If he will not, will he at least commit today to investigating and taking action to tackle the sources of this grubby gutter politics?
I am not aware of the topic that the hon.
Lady raises, but I am not going to make any apology for Conservatives pointing out the record of the SNP in Scotland or the Labour Government in Wales, because that is exactly what the democratic process is about.
She might not like it when we highlight their record, but we will keep doing that so that we can deliver for people across the United Kingdom.