Since I was elected in 2010, Rugby has seen employment grow by nearly 6,000, with 10% more of my constituents in work.
Much of that has been driven by investment in advanced manufacturing in places such as Ansty Park, where we have got the Manufacturing Technology Centre, which the Prime Minister visited, the High Temperature Research Centre, Rolls-Royce, Parker Meggitt, Fanuc and the London Electric Vehicle Company.
Given that every Labour Government have left office with unemployment higher than when they came in, can the Prime Minister see any reason why anybody would want to put this fantastic progress at risk?
On a recent visit, I was pleased to see for myself that my hon.
Friend is a great champion for his constituents.
I was very pleased to see the thriving local technology and manufacturing industry, which will help us deliver on our ambitions to make the UK a science and technology superpower.
He is right that we have a record 1 million fewer workless households, and unemployment near record lows.
He is also right that we need to stick to the plan, because that is how we will deliver the long-term change that our country needs and a brighter future for families up and down the country, including in his constituency.
Hypocrisy needs to be called out.
Everyone in this House will recall the former Irish Prime Minister in Brussels with a photograph of a bombed customs post, lamenting that any border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland was unworkable, in breach of the Belfast agreement and could result in such troubles again.
The hypocrisy of the Irish Government position has not been not lost on us, with the Irish police now tasked to patrol the border to protect from the unsubstantiated, unfounded 80% of asylum seekers who supposedly—actually, the reverse is true—make their way to the Republic of Ireland from the UK via Northern Ireland.
Will the Prime Minister challenge and call out  those actions, and confirm what representations he has made to the Irish Prime Minister and the Irish Justice Minister about the integrity of our UK border?
The House will be aware that we have made commitments to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland.
The hon.
Lady makes a very important point that the Irish Government must uphold their promises, too.
We cannot have cherry-picking of important international agreements.
The Secretary of State is seeking urgent clarification that there will be no disruption or police checkpoints at or near the border.
I can confirm that the United Kingdom has no legal obligation to accept returns of illegal migrants from Ireland.
It is no surprise that our robust approach to illegal migration is providing a deterrent, but the answer is not to send police to villages in Donegal but to work with us in partnership to strengthen our external borders all around the common travel area that we share.
I was the Lord Commissioner who signed into law the special pension of the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer).
He owes me one!
The Prime Minister is right: Labour’s 75p was an insult to pensioners, yet last year our triple lock afforded pensioners the highest increase in 30 years.
The Prime Minister is going to continue to deliver dignity in retirement, is he not?
My right hon.
Gentleman is right that we will provide dignity to all those in retirement.
That is why we introduced the triple lock and why this year the state pension is rising by £900.
I am also proud of our record to bring 200,000 pensioners out of poverty.
As I have said previously, the state pension will increase in each and every year of the next Parliament.
He reminds us of the 75p increase—unlike Labour, pensioners in this country can trust the Conservatives.
In only one of the 194 local authority areas in England are NHS ambulances meeting the national response time targets for potential heart attack and stroke victims.
Does the Prime Minister know which one it is?
When it comes to ambulance waiting times in A&E, of course there is work to do, but the place where they are the worst in the country is in Labour-run Wales.
Thanks to our plan, we have seen an improvement in A&E and ambulance times this winter compared with last winter.
We have 800 more ambulances on the road, faster discharge out of our emergency care centres and 10,000 virtual ward beds.
As I said, there is more to do, but the contrast with Labour-run Wales is crystal clear: it has the worst A&E performance anywhere in Great Britain.
For six months, thousands of my constituents have lived with foul polluted air from the Withyhedge landfill site.
The company is owned by someone with previous convictions for environmental crimes, who a few months ago gave £200,000 to help Vaughan Gething become First Minister  of Wales, after another of his companies was loaned £400,000 from the Development Bank of Wales, overseen by the then Economy Minister Vaughan Gething.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this serious matter demands an independent investigation?
It is not some internal Labour party matter.
Ultimately, that company needs to get out of my constituency and let people in Pembrokeshire have their quality of life back.
My right hon.
Friend brings up an incredibly important issue.
I know that people in Wales are concerned about the relationship he mentions.
I also agree with him on the need for transparency and an investigation regarding the Welsh Labour leader, because it is very clear that the situation is not at all transparent and answers are needed.
It has been revealed by The Observer newspaper that the Conservative candidate for the Mayor of London is a member of the six Facebook groups mentioned by  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock) .
They are full of Islamophobia, antisemitism and the most disgraceful incitement to damaging property.
The worst bit, for those of us who were in the House when our Members of Parliament were taken, are the death threats to the current Mayor of London, Mr Khan.
Will the Prime Minister close down those Facebook pages, which were begun by Conservative members of staff, and will he investigate the role of the current candidate and her membership of those disgraceful racist Facebook groups?
The election tomorrow will be fought on the substance of the issues that Londoners face.
The Labour record is crystal clear: house building in London has collapsed; knife crime is rising; mayoral taxes are up 70%; and drivers have been hit with ULEZ charges.
The Labour Mayor simply panders to unions and has decimated London’s night-time economy.
That is his record and that is how he will be judged.
People across London know that they will be safer with the Conservatives, with lower taxes and better services.
Today is Staffordshire Day, when we celebrate all the brilliant things about the county of Staffordshire.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to our brilliant police, fire and crime commissioner, Ben Adams, and encourage the people of Staffordshire to vote for Ben tomorrow to ensure that Staffordshire remains one of the safest places to live, work and visit?
I wish everyone a happy Staffordshire Day.
My right hon.
Friend mentions the police and crime commissioner elections.
It is right that she does, because under this Conservative Government and previous Conservative Governments we have cut crime by over 50% and delivered 20,000 more police officers.
People with a Labour police and crime commissioner are more likely to be victims of burglary and are twice as likely to be victims of robbery.
As I said, last year knife crime in London went up by 20%.
The facts speak for themselves: vote Conservative for safer streets.