The Prime Minister wants to abolish national insurance, which will cost £46 billion, and he will not tell us where the money is coming from.
We are no closer to an answer.
I am going to persevere.
Last year, the Prime Minister was apparently drawing up plans to remove the winter fuel allowance from pensioners.
His Paymaster General went a step further, saying: “these are the sorts of things I think we need to look at”.
Will the Prime Minister now rule out taking pensioners’ winter fuel payments off them to help fund his £46 billion black hole?
It was this Government who, just this winter, provided double the winter fuel payment to support pensioners.
What is crystal clear is that we believe that the double taxation on work is unfair.
We believe that hard work should be rewarded, which is why this week, we are cutting taxes by £900 for everyone in work.
In contrast, it is Labour’s newest tax adviser who thinks that pensioners should be taxed more—those are his words.
This adviser calls them “codgers”.
He thinks that supporting them is a “disgrace”, and he believes that their free TV licences are “ridiculous”.
It is Labour who hit pensioners with tax after tax, and they would do it all over again.
Is it any wonder that the Prime Minister’s MPs are following Tory voters in queuing up to dump his party?
Even the Mayors who he is apparently pinning his political survival on do not want to be seen anywhere near him, because until he starts setting out how he is paying for his fantasy economics, he has a completely unfunded £46 billion promise that puts people’s retirement at risk.
How does it feel to be one day out from elections with the message, “Vote Tory, risk your pension”?
Tomorrow, voters will have a choice.
It will be a choice between Mayors like Andy Street and Ben Houchen, who are delivering, or Mayors like Sadiq Khan, who simply virtue-signal.
It is higher taxes, more crime and the ultra low emission zone with Labour, or lower taxes and better services with the Conservatives—that is the choice.
From the West Midlands to Teesside to London, there is only one choice: vote Conservative.
We can see the Rwanda deterrent is working, and we have now deported our first illegal migrant, but, unsurprisingly, Labour just does not care.
The shadow Home Secretary is busy posing for pics encouraging more boats to come over.
The leader of the Labour party has said he would cancel the Rwanda flights.
He took the knee when signing letters stopping us deporting foreign national offenders who have committed crimes such as murder and rape, and he would do a deal with the EU, surrendering our borders to 100,000 legal migrants.
Is it not right that only the Conservatives will stop the boats and cut legal migration?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Our plan is working.
Legal migration, the latest figures show, is down by 24% and student dependants down by 80%.
We all know Labour’s big idea: it is to scrap the Rwanda plan even when it is operational.
However, as one senior Labour adviser said to Andrew Marr just yesterday: “'We can’t just come in, tear it up, and have nothing to put in its place”.
I am sorry to break it to Labour Members, but that is exactly their policy.
While we are getting on and stopping the boats, all Labour would do is stop the planes.