It is hard to know where to start with this complete and utter drivel.
The Minister comes here today proud of this tawdry, pathetic, self-defeating piece of fascist nonsense—[Interruption.]
The Tories—[Interruption.]
They do not like it, but it is true and I will explain to them why.
The Home Office has put out—[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, they do not like the truth.
The Home Office has issued a promo video this morning of people being detained, and it absolutely turns my stomach.
This is a Government who glorify their state-sponsored people trafficking plans as they cuff people and take them out of their beds to be sent to another country against their will.
It is sickening.
These plans are damaging to our society, to our economy, to the people who need care and to the people who want to love, live and study here.
Universities are up in arms about the cuts to student numbers.
It makes absolutely no sense.
The draft rules that the Government have issued on adults at risk in immigration detention were released this week, but instead of taking action on the serious recommendations of the Brook House inquiry, the Home Office is instead doubling down on its policy of indefinite detention.
And Labour Members are going along with all of this.
Shame on them.
Far from what the Minister said, small boat arrivals are up this year.
Rwanda is no deterrent because none of their other policies has proved a deterrent.
The thousands of people they want to send there have disappeared, never to be seen again, and who can really  blame them, if they are going to be plucked from their beds and taken away by Ministers and sent to countries against their will?
Indeed, who can blame them?
The risk is that these people will end up being exploited because they have gone into hiding.
They will be exploited, they will be trafficked and they will be vulnerable.
Why is the Minister not acknowledging the impact that this policy will have on vulnerable people?
Finally, if it is indeed the case that the person the Government sent to Rwanda has not been granted refugee status in this country, why are they not being returned to their country of origin?
Is it perhaps that that country is actually unsafe?
If that is true, why were they not given refugee status here in the first place?
It is a perfectly respectable position to want to protect our borders.
It is right and proper to want to ensure that we have a fair and balanced system of legal migration that is sustainable.
I make no apology whatsoever—and nor will this Government or any of the Ministers in the Home Office—for placing front and centre the determination to protect people’s lives.
We have seen too many lives lost in the channel at the hands of evil criminal gangs with no regard whatsoever for human life who take people’s money, exploit them and send them out to sea in unseaworthy vessels.
Candidly, beyond that, I am not going to edify the hon.
Lady’s contribution with anything further.
I very much welcome the fact that the Minister is able to come to this House with the first encouraging signs of lower migration numbers, which will be welcomed widely outside this House—including, I suspect, in Scotland.
Does he agree that the lesson we should draw from this is that taking practical, detailed measures to crack down on the exploitation of certain types of visa routes is the way to make progress on bringing immigration numbers down, rather than the windy rhetoric we heard from the Opposition spokesman?
My right hon.
Friend is a distinguished former Home Office Minister who had responsibilities in the immigration space, and I would argue that a lot of the measures that we have announced, and that are now all in flight, build on the earlier efforts of colleagues such as him.
He is absolutely right that the policies are balanced and measured and that they deliver on the legitimate aim of wanting to reduce inflows of legal migration into our country, to ensure fairness, to ensure that the model is sustainable and to ensure that people who come here are able to be properly supported.
I think that that is something that the British people strongly support, and I entirely share his sentiments.