On this International Workers’ Day, May Day, Scottish Television journalists are striking for fair pay.
I am sure the Secretary of State will join me in insisting that STV gets back around the table with its journalists to thrash out an acceptable deal.
Given all the news that is happening this week, we need them back on the television.
I too pay tribute to the outgoing First Minister, Humza Yousaf.
We may not have agreed on everything, but his historic appointment marked a pivotal moment in our multicultural public life in Scotland, and I wish him and his family well for the future.
The spring Budget was just another moment that exposed the damage done by the chaos of the former Prime Minister’s kamikaze Budget.
The Secretary of State has been spinning that it brings taxes down, but is it not the case that the tax burden in Scotland and across the rest of the UK continues to rise?
The Prime Minister now wants to mirror his irresponsible predecessor with an unfunded £46 billion policy to get rid of national insurance altogether.
The Secretary of State sits around the Cabinet table, so which one of these have they discussed to pay for this: pensioners, the NHS or income tax rises?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the tax burden in Scotland is too high and rising, and people are paying more and getting less.
Fortunately, the UK Government have taken the decision to partially offset that, not through income tax cuts but through national insurance cuts, with 4p coming off NI.
To pick up on his last point, he was referring to an aspiration that this Government have.
We have already reduced NI by 4p, a third, and we aspire to remove it altogether, because it is a tax on jobs.
This is a £46 billion, unfunded aspiration, and the Secretary of State and the Government will not tell us where they will get the money from.
Scotland is trapped between two chaotic and failing Governments; we have had three Prime Ministers, and we will have had three First Ministers, in as many years.
All the while,  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  thinks he is already the First Minister and calling the shots, although he has been shooting himself firmly in the foot.
What is abundantly clear to the people of Scotland is that neither the Scottish Government nor the UK Government are even interested in delivering the change that Scotland needs.
With neither Government wanting to let the people decide, will the Secretary of State tell the House who he thinks is most scared of a general election, the Tories or the Scottish National party?
We absolutely do not fear an election, whether for Holyrood or a general election.
As I watch the nationalists implode again, I say, “Bring it on.”
I hear them say the same from a sedentary position.
[Interruption.]
Bring it on!
Chaps and chapesses over there, start polishing up your CVs.