My right hon.
Friend knows that this Government are resolutely opposed to a hard border on the island of Ireland.
I understand that the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has requested an urgent meeting with the Irish Government to seek assurances that there will be no adverse implications for the smooth operation of either the common travel area or the Good Friday agreement.
That is an important meeting and he is right to seek it.
I reiterate that we would welcome a returns agreement with the EU.
We think it is right that we explore those opportunities and we will continue to pursue that.
When I was first elected to this House, we often debated safe and legal routes, but we do not hear much about that any more.
Many of my constituents are writing to me because they want a family reunion scheme for their relatives in Gaza.
I recently co-authored a report with Helena Kennedy recommending that the UK Government have a humanitarian visa for women in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Will the Minister therefore tell me whether the Government have any plans to announce any safe and legal routes before the next general election?
I am sure the hon.
and learned Lady has followed the position closely.
Through the Illegal Migration Act 2023, we made a commitment, which was reflected in the legislation, to publish the cap and the statutory instrument that sits alongside it, which will support our efforts to provide resettlement opportunities in this country for people in the years ahead.
That work is on track and we will deliver on that commitment, and I will be able to say more in due course.
In December, Care England appeared before my Select Committee and told us that the care sector had been “blindsided” by the change to ban overseas care workers from bringing dependants to the UK.
The Government’s impact assessment said that the policy would not affect the number of those applying to come here and help look after our constituents, yet today’s figures show that care worker applications have decreased by more than half.
We all want to see a care sector sustained by domestic labour—why wouldn’t we?
However, with 152,000 vacancies to the end of March this year, is that decrease the intention or the unintended consequence of these changes?
As I have consistently described, the situation on dependants has been unsustainable.
As I said in answer to an earlier question, we saw 120,000 dependants coming with 100,000 care workers.
That position could not realistically continue to be sustained.
We are in the very early stages of the delivery  of these measures; the health and social care changes have only just come into force.
My hon.
Friend will want to satisfy himself on this having looked at the figures across a number of months, but I reiterate that there are huge opportunities associated with domestic recruitment and enormous work is going on in government with a focus on retention.
That is the right way to deal with these challenges, but a health and social care visa route is still available for people.
It is not unreasonable to think that in future individuals without dependants will come—they will still be able to come—and that is entirely appropriate.
When the Minister gave a statement to the House, he said that the Government had extended the hand of friendship to those fleeing persecution and oppression.
Is he aware that a considerable number of people who are in Calais, or who have crossed the channel and tried to get to this country, are victims of human rights abuse, environmental disaster and wars, some of which this country has been involved in, such as in Afghanistan?
His answer is to demonise them and to try to force them to go to Rwanda.
Should he not think for a moment of a sense of humanity about people in a desperate situation, through no fault of their own, looking for a place of safety in a country that was involved in the war in Afghanistan in the first place?
I am exceptionally proud of the work that this country, supported by the Home Office and its teams, has done as part of the enormous resettlement efforts we have taken forward in recent years.
Only last week, I had the real privilege to spend some time with a team who had been supporting new Afghan arrivals through the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
I was incredibly moved by that work.
Those individuals had come through a safe and legal route, and we will continue to see those commitments through.
The UK has played its part and it will continue to do so.
But what is not right, in any sense, is to give the impression that anybody ought to be getting in a small boat, having paid an evil criminal gang to do so, and coming across the channel and risking their life.
We saw a young girl lose her life only last week.
Nobody needs to leave those French shores in order to find safety.
We do have safe and legal routes, and it is right that people come through those.
Fifteen months after the Government announced that they were taking over the whole of RAF Scampton and putting 2,000 migrants there, not a single one has arrived.
We have fought the Home Office to a complete standstill and everything we have said has been proved correct; the costs are rising exponentially from £5 million to £27 million, and the buildings are decaying, as is the runway.
The Labour party has now joined me in my early-day motion against this proposal.
We have involved the Levelling Up Secretary, who is now imposing all sorts of conditions on the Home Office.
Will the excellent, first-class Minister before us today now ensure that his attention is laser-focused on working with us and doing what we have argued for from the beginning: releasing the entire site to Scampton Holdings so that we can get the biggest and best levelling up we have ever had on a former RAF base?
My right hon.
Friend is a tireless campaigner for his constituents.
He knows that I am exceptionally sympathetic to trying to deliver this regeneration project for Lincolnshire.
I appreciate entirely the enormous economic benefit and opportunity that it presents for people in the Scampton area, from a perspective of not only amenities but jobs.
We are working intensively with him and with the local authority to move this forward.
We do of course need to realise our accommodation ambitions for that site in the short term, but I also want to find and agree a way forward that means that those regeneration ambitions can also be realised as quickly as possible.
We now know that it is the Government’s intention to pay board and lodging for five years for anyone voluntarily removed to Rwanda.
That commitment will fall heavily on the next Government, if this one are even successful in getting anyone to Rwanda.
So how much is this nonsense going to cost?
It is fair to say that if we were to adopt the approach of the Labour Front Benchers, which the hon.
Gentleman no doubt subscribes to, we would continue to have uncontrolled immigration to our country via the channel.
He offers no alternative solution to the one that the Government are taking forward.
That is an unsustainable position.
I am confident that the Rwanda policy will help to bring to an end the channel crossings, put the evil criminal gangs out of business and get the issue under control.
That has to be right.
What is clearly unacceptable is to parade around with no credible policy alternative and just pretend that everything is going to be okay.