The National Audit Office estimates that it will cost £11,000 per person to fly people to Rwanda.
Can the Minister tell the House which airline he will use to transport people to Rwanda?
What is his estimate of the number of people who will be sent to Rwanda in the first three months of operating the policy?
The Chairman of the Select Committee, for whom I have enormous respect and admiration, will understand why I am not going to get into operationally  or commercially sensitive matters on the Floor of the House.
We have consistently seen great efforts to thwart this policy, in a whole host of senses, over the course of weeks, months and years.
We will not be thwarted.
We have made commitments, and we will get on with delivering this policy.
There is a plan and, as the Prime Minister has said, we will send a flight within the next 10 to 12 weeks.
That is where our focus lies, and it would be entirely inappropriate to share the logistics on the Floor of the House.
As mass migration has been shown to depress GDP per capita, and as it is clear that it is easier to control the much higher number of legal migrants, may I encourage the Government to return to their promise of having migration in the tens of thousands?
Again, I am not going to set out today what the Government’s future ambitions may be.
What I am able to say is that we have a package of measures that is delivering a reduction of 300,000 in net migration, spanning various different routes.
I think it is a very credible offer to meet the ambition of the British people to bring those numbers down, not least for the reason that my right hon.
Friend touches on: legal migration to this country needs to be sustainable.
When we consider, for example, that we saw 100,000 care workers come with 120,000 dependants, I do not think that any fair-minded person would, by any objective yardstick, think that that was a reasonable position.
That is why we are bringing it to an end, and I am pleased that the measures we have introduced are delivering results.
The Times reports this morning that the number of visas granted for care workers in March this year was 83% down on the figure for March 2023.
Does the Minister expect that reduction to continue?
If he does, who will do the work that those carers would have done, and what impact does he think it might have on the national health service?
We have committed to monthly reporting on the net migration measures we have introduced to allow Parliament and others to take a view on our progress.
There are extensive efforts across Government to employ more people from our domestic labour force.
I wish Liberal Democrat Members were as enthusiastic as I am about the back to work plan and our work on recruitment and retention.
We are taking forward those credible efforts to try to support more people in this country into these roles.
We are also working intensively to improve the processes for rematching individuals who are already here on health and social care visas.
These are the right steps to take, and I will not pre-empt what the figures might look like in the coming months.
The right hon.
Gentleman will be able to look at them in the same way as everybody else.
It is interesting to hear the Minister’s comments and to see the impact of things that, I think it is safe to say, he and I would have wanted to do slightly earlier, such as abolishing the 20% discount on the SOL.
Does he agree that the core problem is that,  all too often, people see immigration as an alternative to policies that affect the domestic labour market, rather than as something that supports those policies?
Sectors and businesses that will be very keen to have a meeting with him in his new role were not quite so keen to meet him when he was trying to promote the Disability Confident scheme as Minister for Disabled People.
What are the Government’s plans to make sure that future migration policy clearly links up with our wider policy for the UK labour market, and to make sure that it is not open to lobbying to try to avoid it?
My hon.
Friend speaks with real authority and experience on this issue.
I recall our conversations in our previous ministerial roles, and he is absolutely right that immigration ought not to be the first port of call in meeting our skills needs and filling vacancies.
That is why the Government have a co-ordinated plan, with our immigration policies, our back to work plan, our health and disability benefit reforms, and our reforms in a host of other areas.
That should be our focus.
I would argue that there is a strong moral case that investing in our domestic labour force to get people into vacancies is the right thing to do.
Where there needs to be a practical approach to migration, we should look at it, but it most definitely should not be the first port of call.