On the important and perplexing issue of illegal migration, can the Minister say something about what the Irish Republic’s Government said this week about pushing back returnees to Northern Ireland?
Can he confirm that the Irish Justice Minister made up the fact that 80% of the problem stems from Northern Ireland?
Will he say something about the Republic of Ireland’s courts claiming that the United Kingdom is an unsafe destination to return people to in the first instance?
Will he please assure me that Northern Ireland will not become a dumping ground for the right-wing problems being faced across the EU?
As the Prime Minister has rightly said, including at Prime Minister’s questions, we are not going to accept returns from the EU via Ireland when the EU does not accept returns to France, from where illegal migrants are coming to the United Kingdom.
The UK Government’s position is clear.
We have regular and ongoing work on the abuse of the common travel area, which is right and proper.
We also stand by our obligations under the Good Friday agreement.
I would argue that the Prime Minister has made our position very clear.
Chelmsford is a very welcoming community.
We have welcomed Ukrainian refugees, the families of those brave Afghans who stood beside our soldiers, and the Hong Kong Chinese.
We have amazing domestic abuse services, and we have welcomed women and their families from all over London and the south-east who are fleeing violent men.
We have built thousands of new homes and, because the Labour Mayor of London has so spectacularly failed to build new homes, we have welcomed social housing tenants from all across London, but this cannot go on.
We have  400 families who are unable to find a home in temporary accommodation.
We have to control migration.
I am delighted that the Minister is closing 100 hotels.
Will he please close the Atlantic hotel and the Legg Street flats in Chelmsford?
Chelmsford has welcomed so many, and we cannot home everyone.
I am very mindful that my right hon.
Friend’s community in Chelmsford has been incredibly generous.
The UK Government have been delivering work in conjunction with communities to provide sanctuary for those fleeing the most dreadful conflicts around the world, including in Ukraine, Afghanistan and Syria, as well as those fleeing the situation in Hong Kong.
She is also right to touch on the abuse of routes, which is precisely why we are introducing greater Care Quality Commission oversight and accreditation of the health and social care visa system.
I hear my right hon.
Friend’s representations on accommodation, on which we have had conversations.
Reducing inflow is critical to allowing us to get on with closing hotels across the country, and to getting the accommodation picture into a more manageable state.
It is clear that only this Government have a credible plan to reduce the inflow of people coming here illegally via small boats across the channel.
We will see that through to make sure that we can get on with closing more hotels.
As the policy is rolled out, it is seen to be the brutal and inhumane financial fiasco that it is.
Asylum seekers were detained as they turned up for their normal monthly reporting yesterday, causing immense distress.
A number of them will inevitably be sent to the detention centres in my constituency.
We have experience of what happens when people are distressed in this way.
We have seen suicides, self-harm and mental breakdowns.
Can I have an assurance from the Minister that the charities that support asylum seekers in detention, including Care4Calais, will have direct access to these detained individuals, and that these individuals will have access to legal advice?
There are, of course, established processes whereby people can access the support that is appropriate in the circumstances.
I have a principled disagreement with the right hon.
Gentleman on this point about detention, and I recognise that those in the Scottish National party do not support detention either for the purposes of removal.
However, where people are here who have no right to be here, I think it is appropriate that they are detained for the purposes of removal.
That is done entirely properly, in accordance with the law, with the proper safeguards around it.
As ever, that will continue to be the case during the ongoing work as part of the Rwanda relocations.