Fiona from Bradford was failed numerous times by social services and local police after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of gangs of men while in a care home.
Bradford’s local authority has shamefully sought to block a local inquiry into the issue.
In Fiona’s own words: “The Government can’t just leave it down to the local councils to decide if they’re going to be investigated, they’re going to have to enforce it.”
Will the Home Secretary reconsider a statutory inquiry into grooming gangs?
If not, how will she guarantee that cases like that can never be allowed to happen again?
I am working with victims across the country to ensure, as has already been announced, that cold cases like the one referred to by the shadow Minister can be reopened.
The Government have invested an extra £2.5 million in the taskforce to ensure that can happen.
We will be working with local authorities across the country to ensure that the failures of the past are not repeated.
What steps she is taking to help tackle drug dealing in rural communities.
Through the county lines programme, we continue to target exploitative drug dealing gangs wherever they operate, including in rural areas, as part of our efforts to dismantle the organised crime groups behind that trade.
Since the Government took office, the county lines programme has closed over 400 drug lines running across communities in England and Wales.
In our manifesto, we committed to going after the gangs that lure young people into violence and crime.
At the weekend, we announced that we will create a new offence of child criminal exploitation in the forthcoming crime and policing Bill.
It is well known that rural and seaside areas are targeted by drug gangs.
Escapeline has assessed that up to 70,000 young people, some as young as six, are being trafficked.
In my constituency, I have recently dealt with young girls who have been provided with drugs by trusted adults in dance schools, where no action is taken, because those adults are not seen as requiring a Disclosure and Barring Service check, and with vulnerable adults who are being controlled in their homes, where there has been no response at all from local police, because my small towns are simply not seen to be a priority and resources are directed elsewhere.
How can I offer reassurance to my communities that their small towns are not being forgotten?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
Specific resources are available to police forces to be surged into tackling county lines.
I know the police force in Dorset, in her area, has applied for that funding in the past, so I encourage her to have a conversation with the police and crime commissioner and chief constable about what more can be done to get that resource into the towns she talks about.
If she will increase funding for Gloucestershire constabulary.
The 2025-26 final police funding settlement provides funding of up to £19.6 billion for  the policing system in England and Wales, which is an increase of £1.1 billion when compared to 2024-25.
Of that, Gloucestershire will receive up to £168.2 million, an increase of over £10 million, including £1.5 million to kickstart the recruitment of additional neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in Gloucestershire.
My constituency straddles two large counties, Gloucestershire and Wiltshire, which both languish near the bottom of the league table of funding for constabularies.
Despite the modest rise in funding, those constabularies will have to cut policing numbers, so can the Minister assure my constituents that crimes will be addressed on a timely basis?
More money is going into policing, particularly around the neighbourhood policing guarantee that this Government promised in their manifesto.
We are providing £200 million to kickstart the recruitment of police officers, PCSOs and specials in all our communities.
I take the hon.
Lady’s point about the funding formula and how that affects the two forces that straddle her constituency.
We are going into a spending review and I know officials have met representatives from Gloucestershire constabulary to talk about the financial situation.
We will keep that under review as we work towards the spending review.
Like Gloucestershire police, Essex police is receiving additional funding this year; in fact, we are getting increased funding of £27 million.
Despite that, the front desk at Harlow police station is under threat.
Does the Minister agree that given the additional funding, police services in Harlow in Essex should be increasing not decreasing, and that any proposals not to do so are down to historical underfunding by the previous Government?
I am very pleased that Essex has got that increase in funding.
I gently point out that the decisions around how those resources are used are for the police and crime commissioner and the chief constable, but, overall, more than £1.1 billion is going into policing, over and above what the previous Government put in in 2024-25.
What steps her Department is taking with international partners to counter the threat of terrorism.
This weekend’s horrific attack in Mulhouse in France has again reminded us of the threat from terrorists and from Islamist extremism, which can strike at any time.
I have spoken to the French Interior Minister this morning to offer our support and any assistance needed.
We will continue to work with our European colleagues and the Five Eyes partnership to tackle these threats, both internationally and here in the UK.
Sadly, the misappropriation of religious belief to justify acts of terror and intimidation has become familiar across the world.
We have seen the minds of  too many of our young people corrupted by online pedlars of hate, so what action are this Government taking to tackle radicalisation at a time when xenophobia and intolerance are being promoted for political purposes?
My hon.
Friend is right that terrorists do not speak for any faith.
Interfaith relationships are an important part of developing stronger communities, but we are clear that in the Government and across society we have to do more to prevent radicalisation and particularly the growing numbers of young people from being drawn into terrorism—both Islamist extremism and extreme right-wing threats.
That is why tomorrow we will introduce new youth diversion orders through our crime and policing Bill to give the police new powers to divert young people away from terrorism.
Although I welcome what the Home Secretary is saying about the need to divert and prevent home-grown terrorism, does she accept that a pattern of terrorism is emerging in continental Europe of undocumented migrants going into countries and committing terrorist acts?
Does she agree that it is very difficult for the authorities to prevent anything of that sort if undocumented illegal migrants are released into society when they arrive on these shores?
We are clear that we need to tackle extremist and terror threats wheresoever they are found, which includes making sure that we have strengthened border security.
That is why we have put forward new counter-terror style powers around people smuggling and trafficking to strengthen our border security, and it is also why we need to tackle particularly the radicalisation we see online.
That is where we also see young people being drawn into extremist and terror threats.
Wheresoever that is found, we need strong action in place to keep our country safe.