I begin by thanking the Foreign Secretary for his statement and for advance sight of it.
The House stands united with Ukraine on this grim milestone.
Three years on from Putin’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine, we all think of the innocent lives caught up in this terrible conflict: the civilians mercilessly killed in towns such as Bucha and Irpin and in the east, the young Ukrainian children forcibly deported to Russia, the families of brave troops who have not returned alive from the frontline, all those with life-changing injuries, and those who have lost their homes and possessions.
When the war started, the UK led global efforts to back Ukraine and, rightly, to punish Putin.
From training tens of thousands of Ukrainian recruits on British soil and donating Challenger 2 battle tanks and Storm Shadow missiles, to being part of an unprecedented international sanctions response that has deprived Putin’s regime of $400 billion and one of the first countries to provide Ukraine with that multibillion-pound, multi-year funding pledge in military aid, the UK has led the way for Ukraine.
Our support has made a material difference to Ukraine’s ability to hold the line.
We must never forget that the cost of this war to Putin has been catastrophic.
Russia’s Black sea fleet has been pummelled, and it is likely that by summer Russia will have incurred 1 million casualties, with Putin desperately turning to North Korea for troops and to Iran for weapons.
Meanwhile, as we have heard, Russia’s economy is in dire straits.
There have been uprisings against Putin’s regime, and the central pitch of his leadership—that he was the great restorer of Russia’s stability—lies in ruins.
The British public continue rightly to stand resolutely with Ukraine, and they expect us as politicians across the House to do so.
I thank again the many thousands who have so generously opened up their homes to Ukrainians fleeing the war, including through the Homes for Ukraine scheme.
They have genuinely showed the best of our country, the best of Britain.
Although there has been much debate about the course of the conflict in recent days, the war continues to rage.
I urge the Government to continue giving Ukraine everything it needs—all the hardware it needs and the diplomatic support to strengthen its hand.
I am sure that the Foreign Secretary, with the Prime Minister, will do that in Washington this week.
There must be no let-up whatsoever.
We welcome today’s announcement on new sanctions.
Will the Foreign Secretary confirm that there are no plans to lift sanctions in the future?
If he discusses the use of sanctions when he goes to Washington this week, and the role of the United States in that policy, will he assure us that he will update Members on whether we should expect to see any new resources and support, in either military aid or humanitarian support, in the coming weeks?
As the Foreign Secretary has said, now is the time for Britain to lead, as we did from day one, and ensure that Ukraine is in the best possible position to decide its own future.
We should be very clear that it remains ultimately for Ukraine, as a proud and sovereign nation that has sacrificed so much to defend itself, to decide its own future, and that is peace through strength.
We want this terrible war to be brought to an end and, like President Zelensky, we want a lasting, reliable and just peace.
However, the Euro-Atlantic community must continue to be intensely robust in the face of Putin’s aggression, because the lesson of the past 20 years is clear: he only comes back for more.
We must ensure that an illegal invasion like this can never happen again.
We need a stronger deterrent.
We recognise that the Prime Minister has commented on the options and the security guarantees in recent days, and I can assure the House that His Majesty’s Opposition stand ready to engage with the Government at every single level.
We must lead our NATO allies in Europe.
In the long-term, collective defence and planning must be co-ordinated to back Ukraine in its fight for freedom.
As the Government know, there is already a fully-funded plan to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence by 2030, as set out by the previous Government.
I strongly urge the Government to at least look at a minimum plan to match that commitment.
We will work with them on how that is delivered, to set a new benchmark for other NATO countries to follow and to fire up everything we can on defence production.
The US knows that the UK has an influential role in NATO, and I am sure the Foreign Secretary will be discussing that this week.
The target to spend 2.5% of GDP is not a goal in itself, but an important step on the journey to increase the strength of our defence spending.
Given the threats that our nation faces, I urge the Government and the Foreign Secretary—because the issue is within his purview and Department—to review and repurpose some of the 0.5% currently spent on official development assistance to further our national defence, safety and security.
Finally, the moral and economic case for mobilising sovereign assets of Russia to support Ukraine is very clear.
The Foreign Secretary has spoken about that already, but I urge the Government to do more.
Mr Speaker, we stand united as one House.
Slava Ukraini.
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Lady for the unity she demonstrates once again in the Chamber on the subject.
I confirm for her that, of course, all hardware and military support, all diplomatic support and all humanitarian support continue.
We continue to discuss those issues with our European partners, particularly at meetings at the Munich security conference and subsequentially, and we will continue to do that, to ensure that we put Ukraine in the strongest possible position.
The right hon.
Lady rightly mentioned the British casualties during the last few years.
Some 17 British nationals who served as members of the armed forces of Ukraine have been killed in action, and we remember them on this day.
The right hon.
Lady also rightly mentioned our continued solidarity with Ukraine.
We continue to discuss sanctions with our European partners.
Just as we have announced a sanctions package today, the EU, following its meeting with the Foreign Affairs Council, has announced a sanctions package too, which will all bear down on Putin’s war machine.
I can confirm that we continue to support Ukraine with a medical aid package for its men and women on the frontline.
I am grateful to the Defence Secretary for making further funds available in relation to that.
The right hon.
Lady rightly comments on defence spending.
We are grateful for the unity that the official Opposition are demonstrating on the issue.
As we have said, it is very clear to all that Europe must pay a bigger part of the burden.
In capitals across the continent, leaders are considering these issues.
We have said that we will come forward with our plans shortly, and we will.
In that context, as we have seen from the Secretary-General, NATO has been very clear about the burden-sharing and burden-shifting environment that we are now in.