Domestic abuse services in my area are telling me there is a specific shortage of places in shelters for men, which is a particular problem for women fleeing domestic abuse with their teenage sons.
What is being done to address this problem specifically?
Refuge accommodation actually sits within the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
However, we have invested £30 million extra for councils to look at the need they have in their  area, which will include creating dispersal accommodation, as women with older boys are often not allowed into group accommodation.
Last week, I held a summit with local businesses in the Top of Town in Basingstoke to discuss how we can breathe new life into our town centre.
One of the key messages was that persistent antisocial behaviour is making residents feel unsafe and creating a barrier to businesses thriving.
What reassurances can the Home Secretary give businesses and constituents in Basingstoke that this Government are making progress in restoring town centre patrols?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this matter, for both Basingstoke and towns right across the country.
Town centres were blighted by a 60% increase in shop theft in the two years before the election, as well antisocial behaviour.
That is why tackling town centre crime will be at the heart of the crime and policing Bill, introduced tomorrow.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it would be a better use of Greater Manchester police officers’ time if they actually policed the streets and prevented crime, rather than visiting grandmothers’ homes to discuss a Facebook post?
Perhaps the hon.
Gentleman missed the discussion on this earlier.
We have been clear that the central priority for policing set by this Government is neighbourhood policing, to tackle town centre crime, challenges across the country and serious violence, including violence against women and girls and the knife crime devastating young lives.
We have made those priorities clear to police forces right across the country as part of our policing reform and our new legislation.
For the final question, Jonathan Brash.
Dispersal accommodation for asylum is unevenly distributed across the country.
In Hartlepool, we support 50 asylum seekers per 10,000 in the population, yet a few miles up the road, the neighbouring local authority supports seven per 10,000, with local authorities elsewhere in the country hosting none.
Does the Minister agree that this is unfair, and that, as we bring the numbers down, we must evenly distribute support for asylum seekers across the areas?
We did inherit a very uneven distribution—if I could put it that way—of dispersed accommodation, often in poorer areas where, its presence puts more pressure on local communities.
It is not a situation that we would have wanted, and we want to remedy it over time.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if we will make a statement on the Plant Oxford site.
This Government are determined to see a strong, thriving UK automotive industry.
We recognise the vital role that the British motor industry plays within our manufacturing landscape, employing more than 150,000 people, with tens of thousands more working in the wider supply chain.
That is why we are ploughing £2 billion into the sector’s green transition and £300 million to encourage the uptake of new, clean, green electric vehicles—a big incentive for the global automotive sector to invest in the UK.
Building on this momentum, our modern industrial strategy will back automotive companies that want to invest in Britain and drive long-term sustainable UK growth.
BMW has taken a commercial decision to delay the production of two new electric Mini models at its Oxford plant.
Undoubtedly, that news will be unsettling for the company’s many hard-working employees, not least those working directly on the production line, but I must stress that BMW remains committed to its investment in the UK.
It is by no means unusual for a manufacturer to adjust its product line-up or production start dates for commercial reasons.
We are proud that BMW considers Oxford to be at the heart of Mini production.
As a Government, we are throwing our weight behind its investment.
We want big automotive brands from Britain and around the world to lie at the heart of our growth mission and plan for change, creating well-paid jobs and putting more money into people’s pockets.
As part of that effort, this Government are working closely with BMW as it reviews its investment timelines, ensuring that more cars are built right here in the United Kingdom.
I draw attention to my entry in the register of interests.
I expected the Secretary of State to hide from talk of CVs, but it seems that also applies to EVs.
This weekend we saw the disastrous consequences of Labour’s rigid approach to net zero: BMW hitting the brakes on a £600 million investment in Plant Oxford.
That deal, from 2023, would have secured 4,000 high-quality jobs and was a strong vote of confidence in the UK.
Like other deals, it was possible only because the previous Government were willing to be pragmatic.
The Conservatives made the sensible decision to delay the ban on internal combustion engine cars, bringing the UK into line with major global economies such as France, Germany, Sweden and Canada, but Labour said it knew better, restoring the 2030 phase-out date in its manifesto.
When the negative impacts of that approach became clear, the Government launched a fast-track consultation on the zero emission vehicle mandate, pitifully attempting to buy themselves time.
Surely, no consultation is necessary.
The effects of their puritanical ZEV obsession is already clear: Jaguar Land Rover says that the ZEV mandate is causing disruption to the market; Vauxhall has confirmed that it will shut down its Luton factory, citing the ZEV  mandate as making the plant less economically viable; and now the future of Plant Oxford—the home of the Mini since 1959—is uncertain.
Labour’s reckless policies have shattered industry confidence, with consumer demand for EVs dropping off a cliff and numbers only just about sustained by subsidised fleet sales.
Will the Minister do the right thing: stop hiding behind consultations and acknowledge that the Government’s ideological approach to net zero will lead only to economic disaster for our automotive sector and consumers alike?
It is hard to know where to start.
The “puritanical ZEV obsession” was, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, a Conservative policy from the last Government.
The only changes made to that policy under the last Prime Minister dampened demand by changing the deadline, and hampered manufacturers by not ensuring flexibility or pragmatism in how the policy operated—it was the worst of both worlds.
By contrast, Labour and the Government are acting with pragmatism.
We are listening to industry and working at pace to get this right.
We are also creating the conditions in which the automotive industry can thrive.
That means delivering not just the economic and political stability so lacking under the previous Government, but an industrial strategy that will deliver growth, including in the automotive industry; investing £2 billion in automotive transition through the Budget; investing in research and development; supporting and talking to our industries; and understanding the global climate.
It was really clear in BMW’s statement that there were macroeconomic global and commercial reasons why the decision to delay was made, but BMW is clear that it is still committed to this investment in the UK.
I have talked to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , who is liaising closely with workers and unions, as would be expected.
We will continue to work to ensure the right economic and political climate, so that these industries can grow.
Will the Minister update the House on progress on the industrial strategy for the automotive industry?
How will that support supply chains in places like Dudley and across the west midlands?
We are working at pace on delivering the industrial strategy in the spring.
There are 150,000 good jobs in the automotive industry, and we want to see those jobs grow.
We have identified eight growth sectors that the industrial strategy will turbocharge.
Advanced manufacturing is one of them, and that of course includes the auto industry.
We have £2 billion of investment, committed at the Budget, to underpin that.
We are also working in the industrial strategy on identifying any barriers to growth, so that we can ensure that the sector grows in the years to come.
The industrial strategy will give the stability that we need over the long term—over five and 10 years.
It will look at the policy levers that we can control to ensure that businesses continue to want to invest in the UK.
PwC has just ranked the UK the second-best place in the world to invest, so I think the future is positive.