The Prime Minister recently said he was: “hardwiring growth into all the decisions of the Cabinet”.
How did he react when the Home Secretary told him that her policy on electronic travel authorisations would cost the economy nearly £735 million over five years?
We are introducing electronic travel authorisations in line with the approach of our international partners such as Australia and the USA, who have also been looking at how to enhance their ability to pre-screen travellers upstream, to stop those who pose a threat from travelling to the UK.
As the former immigration Minister and now shadow Secretary of State of Justice,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , said at the time: “ETAs will enhance our border security by increasing our knowledge about those seeking to come to the UK and preventing the arrival of those who pose a threat.”
If the hon.
Gentleman disagrees with him, I suggest they have a catch-up.
Perhaps the Conservative party will have worked out by then where it stands on the policy.
In recent years, the UK has slid down the international league table on tackling corruption.
Given the threat of corruption to our democracy, economy  and national security, will the Minister say whether the Government intend to publish a new comprehensive anti-corruption strategy?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work he does on the all-party parliamentary group on anti-corruption and responsible tax.
I can confirm that the Government take the threat of corruption, illicit finance and kleptocracy extremely seriously, which is why we announced that we will publish a new UK anti-corruption strategy this year.
The new strategy will include measures that make it harder for corrupt actors to operate, strengthen global resilience to corruption, and address the UK’s vulnerabilities to corruption, including through ways to ensure that all those in public service are held to the highest standards.
The Home Secretary knows that raising the minimum income threshold has reduced net migration, which is why I introduced it while I was Home Secretary.
If the Home Secretary wants to continue bringing net migration down, will she now confirm that she will introduce the further increases to the threshold, as I proposed?
Net migration quadrupled during the period when the former Home Secretary was in government, in the space of just four years—the most shocking loss of control of our borders.
We saw visas and overseas recruitment shoot up at exactly the same time as training here in the UK fell.
That is why this Government will publish a White Paper that sets out measures to reduce net migration, including by ensuring that employers recruit and train here in the UK.
On Friday night, I joined Bedfordshire police officers on a ride-a-long to see first hand the great work they do to help vulnerable people.
However, the Policing Minister knows that Bedfordshire police rely heavily on specific grants to tackle serious, violent and organised crime.
Will she confirm that those grants will continue, and when we might we hear about that?
I visited Bedfordshire police before Christmas, and I agree that it is an excellent force.
Decisions around funding will be made in due course.
Refugees here from Ukraine under the Homes for Ukraine scheme are not eligible to indefinite leave.
They have a three-year visa, which in many cases, obviously, is about to expire.
They have a very short window to apply for what is only an 18-month extension.
Does the Home Secretary agree that that is not long enough for Ukrainian families here to be able to plan their future, and will she reconsider?
I can say to the hon.
Gentleman that we continue to support the Homes for Ukraine scheme, which remains extremely important—I have a family from Ukraine still living with me in Yorkshire.
We will continue to support those families and will ensure that people are not disadvantaged by the deadlines that have been set.
Challenging violence against women and girls is an absolutely critical mission of this Government.
What work is the Minister doing with the Department for Education to promote positive role models in our schools and further education colleges?