Border security is fundamental, but between the July election and yesterday, 25,135 people illegally and dangerously crossed the English channel—a 28% increase on the same period 12 months earlier.
Does the Home Secretary now regret ignoring the National Crime Agency’s advice that law enforcement alone is not enough and that a removals deterrent is needed?
I will just point out to the shadow Home Secretary that when the Conservatives were in government, we saw that many people arrive in the space of just over 100 days, because they completely lost control of our  borders and let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
Some 84,000 people arrived in small boats while the Rwanda policy that he somehow wants to reintroduce managed to send just four volunteers.
We have increased returns by over 20% to 19,000, which is important.
I hope he will explain why he voted against counter-terrorism powers to go after smuggler gangs.
The Home Secretary talks about the Rwanda scheme.
Of course, it never even started, as she well knows.
The first flight was due to take off after the election, but she cancelled it.
She mentions that returns have gone up.
What she fails to mention is that the vast majority of those people did not enter the country by small boat.
The number of small boat returns went down after this Government came into office, and it represents only 4% of people crossing the English channel.
Does she really think that letting 96% of illegal immigrants stay here is going to deter anybody?
I just say to the shadow Home Secretary that the Rwanda scheme ran for two years.
It was running for two years— It never started.
Exactly!
All they managed to do— Order.
Please, let us show a little bit more restraint, and when you ask a question, at least wait for the answer.
The scheme ran for two years, and the Conservatives spent £700 million of taxpayers’ money to return just four people.
In the period during which the shadow Home Secretary was in the Government, 128,000 people arrived on small boats, and only a tiny percentage of them were ever returned, even though that number included 12,000 Albanians.
This Government are having to sort out this chaos, but his party is again failing to support counter-terrorism powers against smuggler and trafficking gangs—siding with the criminal smuggler gangs instead of the people of Britain.
It is illegal to post a prostitution advert in a phone box, yet the very same advert can be freely posted online by a pimping website.
Such websites are making it as easy to order a woman to exploit as it is to order a takeaway.
Does the Minister agree that we must urgently update our anti-pimping laws to make it a criminal offence to enable or to profit from the prostitution of another person online or offline?