On a recent visit to Marple sixth-form college, I was reminded that the last Conservative Government abandoned young people and our economy by trashing our relationship with Europe, so I was delighted to see recent reports in The Times that the Prime Minister will offer a youth mobility scheme in negotiations with the EU.
This is a common-sense approach that will give our young people opportunities and help grow our economy.
Will the Secretary of State support delivering the best possible deal for young people here in the UK by extending a youth mobility scheme to the EU?
As the Front-Bench spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats knows, that is not our plan, and we are clear that net migration needs to come down.
It quadrupled under the previous Conservative Government in the space of just four years, and that number needs to come down.
We believe we should support young people across this country, including through youth prevention partnerships.
Exactly two weeks ago today, Dariusz Serafin tragically died from a knife wound on the streets of West Ealing—on a road long blighted by antisocial behaviour, about which I had written to the police just the week before.
How will the Government’s new respect orders and the crackdown on knives help bring reassurance to my constituents in West Ealing?
I am very sorry to hear about the incident to which my hon.
Friend refers.
She will know that we have a commitment to halve knife crime over the next decade.
We have already introduced the ban on zombie knives and machetes, and we are moving forward with the ban on ninja swords.
Last week, the Home Secretary announced the new measures under Ronan’s law to tighten the lethal loopholes in the online sale of knives, and we are developing the Young Futures programme, with prevention partnerships at their heart, to stop young people getting involved in knife crime.
My constituent Kia McNicoll is a mother of four children, and her three-year-old, Patryk, was recently diagnosed with cancer.
Kia’s mother-in-law recently applied for a visa extension so that she can help the family with childcare through these most horrific of circumstances, but her application was rejected.
Forgive me, Mr Speaker, but I cannot tell the difference between this Labour Government and the Tories who came before them.
Will the Minister commit to looking at this application again, so that my constituent can focus on what matters most: the health of her son?