In January 2022, I visited the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen in Kyiv with my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary.
Seeing the faces of all those who had lost their lives since 2014 brought home the human cost of Kremlin imperialism—and of the Ukrainian determination to stand up to it.
Indeed, some weeks later, just as British and American intelligence services had warned, we awoke to news of Putin’s full-scale invasion, launched to shatter the sovereign state of Ukraine.
Today, we mark three years of Ukrainian courage in resisting that brutal, illegal and unprovoked invasion.
I have witnessed their fortitude at first hand in three visits to Kyiv over the past year—their defiant blitz spirit as Russian missiles and drones rain down night after night after night.
On this grim anniversary, amid all the talk about talks, we must not forget that Russia’s barbaric war goes on, that the Ukrainian people are suffering, and that, beyond Europe, the conflict is piling pressure on the world’s poorest, too.
This debate takes place against the backdrop of intense diplomatic efforts, responding of course to President Trump’s call to bring this war to a swift end.
At the G20 in South Africa last week, I listened to Sergey Lavrov.
Once again, he shamelessly played the victim, rehashing the same old lies.
I will say to the House what I said in response: if Russia is serious about a lasting peace that respects Ukraine’s sovereignty, Ukraine’s independence and the United Nations charter; guarantees Ukraine’s security against future aggression; and rejects imperialism, then Britain will listen.
No one wants that more than Ukraine.
At the Munich security conference, I underlined that Ukraine must be at the heart of any talks about Ukraine’s future, and I said that the west must learn from our history.
Vladimir Putin and his war are no historical aberration.
He draws on a tsarist tradition—the imperialism and authoritarianism of Peter the Great or Nicholas I—and a Soviet tradition: he is, after all, a KGB agent who operates by deception.
It was an American diplomat, George Kennan, whose “long telegram” in 1946 warned of a deep continuity in Kremlin thinking.
He argued that the Kremlin would respond only to strength.
That was the basis for the policy of containment, as part of which Britain contributed tens of thousands of troops to the British Army of the Rhine.
It was that strength, not paper promises, that deterred Moscow from further advances west.
Today, let us look at the Kremlin’s recent record.
The Helsinki Final Act of 1975—betrayed.
The Budapest memorandum of 1994—betrayed.
The NATO-Russia Founding Act of 1997—betrayed.
The Minsk agreements of 2014 and 2015—betrayed.
This is foreign policy by lies.
We must respond by being true to ourselves and provide the support Ukraine needs to stay strong, because that is what is needed to secure a lasting peace and shape our collective security so that Putin never invades again.
The UK has a unique role in helping to make that happen.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister was in Paris last week talking to our European allies about how we step up support for Ukraine, accelerate work on security guarantees and take more responsibility for the security of our continent.
In Munich, I spoke to Vice-President Vance and Secretary of State Rubio.
In Brussels, my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary chaired the Ukraine defence contact group, where US Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth confirmed that, like us, the US wants to see a sovereign, prosperous Ukraine.
Europe must shoulder its share of the burden.
With the United States and its unique capabilities, we can deter Putin from attacking Ukraine again and from escalating hybrid Russian attacks in Europe into some form of direct confrontation, so this week the Prime Minister and I will be travelling to Washington DC to meet President Trump.
Ukraine needs friends and allies on both sides of the Atlantic working together to achieve “peace through strength”.
Both President Trump and President Zelensky have spoken of their desire to achieve that, and the Prime Minister will reaffirm to Zelensky in a call today that it is Britain’s goal as well.
That must include European countries investing more in our own defence and capabilities.
Already, the UK has stepped up and sped up military assistance.
We have committed £3 billion in military aid a year—every year, for as long it takes.
Over the next two years, we will provide an additional £2.26 billion earmarked for military spending, via our share of the $50 billion G7 loan backed by frozen Russian assets.
In addition, as the Prime Minister has made clear, we know our Kremlin history, and that is why we are ready to contribute to future security guarantees for Ukraine in the context of a US backstop, including by putting our own troops on the ground if necessary.
That would not be an easy decision—anyone in this House who has taken responsibility for the lives of British servicemen and women can attest to that—but I know the whole House recognises that Ukraine’s security is our security.
The UK also continues to set the pace on ratcheting up the economic pressure on the Kremlin.
Together with our international partners, we have already denied Russia access to $400 billion.
Its war economy is increasingly unsustainable.
Inflation is 9.9% and rising, and that is just the official figure.
Interest rates are running at 21%.
This year, Russia will spend almost 41% of its budget on defence and security.
Today, we are announcing our biggest package of sanctions since the early days of the war: over 100 targets, including 40 oil tankers—our largest set of ship specifications in a single sanctions package yet—as well as third-country enablers that are pouring money into Putin’s war chest.
New legislation imposes additional trade sanctions on Russia, too.
That will deny Russia access to the world-leading expertise needed to maintain its war.
Today, the UK is also solidifying our historic 100-year partnership with Ukraine, which was signed by the Prime Minister and President Zelensky in Kyiv in January.
In February, I saw for myself how much that partnership means to Ukraine, and how much potential there is for our collective growth and security.
Together, we lay that agreement in Parliament for scrutiny, and I look forward to it entering into force when the process is complete—a clear sign of our confidence in Ukraine’s future.
Mr Speaker, this is a critical moment.
I want to acknowledge how colleagues have stood united over these past three years, including hon.
Members from all parties as well as noble Lords in the other place, the shadow Foreign Secretary, and several predecessors as Foreign Secretary.
I am proud of that unity, which is a tribute to our country, proud of this country’s unwavering support for our Ukrainian friends, and proud that the United Kingdom is rightly taking on the responsibility of bringing our allies together.
That is how we confront a foreign policy based on lies, and how we secure Ukraine’s future, secure Europe’s future, and face down a Kremlin dictator once again.
Slava Ukraini.
I commend this statement to the House.