In fighting terrorism, the Security Minister has rightly said that Islamism is the foremost threat we face.
Its danger lies not just in physical violence, but in the intolerance it embodies and the intimidation it relies on.
Will the Home Secretary give a clear answer to this question?
Should it be a criminal offence to desecrate a Koran or any holy text: yes or no?
We are clear that the primary domestic terrorist threat comes from Islamist terrorism, which comprises three quarters of the MI5 caseload and 64% of those in custody for terrorism-connected offences.
That is followed by extreme right-wing terrorism, which comprises around a quarter of the MI5 caseload.
We already have a framework of legislation in place to ensure that we can deal with the dangerous threats to our cohesion and our communities that we face.
What steps she is taking to help reduce shop thefts.
What assessment she has made of trends in the level of retail crime.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, and violence and abuse towards retail workers increased to an unacceptable level.
This Government will not tolerate these crimes.
As a central part of our safer streets mission, we are committed to introducing a new stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker and ending the effective immunity for shop theft of goods under £200, because there is no such thing as low-level crime.
I was recently contacted by a constituent who works in a small high street supermarket.
He and his colleagues have frequently been violently attacked by shoplifters, so what else can the Minister say about what the Government can do to protect shop workers?
It is appalling to hear about cases such as the ones in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am very struck—like everyone else across the House, I think—by how commonplace violence and abuse against shop workers has sadly become.
The Government have made it absolutely clear that everybody who goes to work has the right to feel safe on the job, and we will not tolerate the criminality that we have seen in recent times.
That is why, following years of campaigning from the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and the Co-op, this Labour Government will finally deliver a stand-alone criminal offence of assaulting a retail worker.
Shop workers in Doncaster have told me time and again that they are fed up with the amount of shoplifting going on and the antisocial behaviour that goes with it, which includes threats and sometimes physical violence.
This kind of crime needs to be crushed.
I am pleased to hear that a stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker is to be included in the legislation being introduced this week, but will the Minister confirm that the police will have the clout to enforce the law and make sure we eliminate this kind of activity?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Our commitment to neighbourhood policing and putting the police officers, police community support officers and special constables back into our neighbourhoods—into our communities, high streets and town centres—will enable the police to take the action we all want to see against the antisocial behaviour that my hon.
Friend talks about.
One of the best ways of tackling retail crime and associated antisocial behaviour among young people is through targeted preventive work with at-risk pupils in schools.
An example is the guidance and welfare unit at Cavendish school in Eastbourne.
That unit was set up by my former headteacher, Mr Fitzpatrick, who is in the Public Gallery today, along with my former head of year, Mrs Fitzpatrick, who is also in the Gallery.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating inspirational teachers such as them on their critical safeguarding and prevention work with young people across Eastbourne and beyond?
I do not want to get into trouble; I would like to congratulate Mr and Mrs Fitzpatrick on the work they have done—we know how important that early preventive work is.
That is why this Government are also committed to our prevention partnerships, identifying young people who are on the cusp of getting involved in criminality and diverting them, and putting the resources in to make sure they make much better choices in their lives.
Harrogate has a wealth of independent stores that attract people to the town from across the region—including shoplifters, unfortunately.
I have been speaking with Harrogate business improvement district about what it can do to help tackle shoplifting.
It has an increasingly good relationship with North Yorkshire police.
What steps is the Minister taking to encourage North Yorkshire police and other police organisations to work with local community and business organisations to crack down on shoplifting?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I visited North Yorkshire last week, and one of the issues there is how well the police are working with communities and the retail sector to start to tackle some of the issues around retail crime.
Over the next three years, £7 million will be allocated to support the police to tackle retail crime through the specialist team Opal, which is the national police intelligence unit.
That unit is looking at the serious organised criminal gangs that are now involved in retail theft.
What steps she is taking to reduce rural crime.
The Government are committed to tackling rural crime.
We recognise the devastating consequences it can have on communities and the agricultural sector.
Under our reforms, rural areas will be safeguarded through tougher measures to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, to strengthen neighbourhood policing and to take action to prevent fly-tipping.
Antisocial behaviour in Tyrley, a small village in my constituency, has had a significant impact on the community.
Small rural communities like these often feel overlooked and struggle to have their voices heard when it comes to policing and public safety.
Will the Government ensure that rural communities, such as Tyrley, receive the named police officer guarantee, so that they have a dedicated point of contact for policing and for support?
Yes, and my hon.
Friend raises an important point about those small parts of larger rural communities and how they can feel that our neighbourhood policing guarantee will provide them with reassurance.
There is the named officer guarantee, and it is worth recognising the use of things such as WhatsApp groups in big rural areas, where intelligence can be fed into the police.
That can also be helpful for those communities to feel safe.
Policing in rural areas is increasingly complex, but rural constabularies receive much less funding than inner-city ones.
I know the Minister will jump on this opportunity to complain about the last Government, but will she at least take a moment to commit to publishing the methodology behind the funding formula and open a conversation about fairer funding for rural police forces?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: I am going to say that the funding formula was introduced by the previous Government—I think in 2011.
They had two goes at trying to update it, and they did not do anything about it.
We have been in government for seven months now, and this is what we have inherited.
In a lot of areas, we have inherited things that we would not necessarily have wanted to have inherited.
As I have said before to the House, we will be looking at police reform going forward, and part of that conversation will be around financial issues.
What steps she is taking to reduce the use of hotels to house asylum seekers.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of people living in asylum hotels.
We are continuing to reduce the use of asylum hotels from the peak, which was reached under the previous Government, when more than 400 hotels were in use across the country at a cost of £9 million every day.
We are determined to end the use of hotels over time as part of our wider objective to cut the costs of asylum accommodation and restore order to our immigration system.
Asylum seekers are forced to live in limbo.
Bournemouth hotels cost the taxpayer eye-watering sums, as we just heard, and everyone is stuck in a situation that nobody wants.
I have written to Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole council to express opposition to additional asylum hotels in my constituency.
Will the Minister outline how the Home Office has reallocated resources following the election to speed up the closure of hotels and the processing of asylum applications, to turn a page on 14 years of Conservative failure?
We are determined to end hotel usage as part of our objective to cut the costs of asylum accommodation.
A key element of that is clearing the asylum backlog and increasing returns, so that the system operates swiftly, firmly and fairly.
I am afraid that determination will not quite cut it, will it?
Pensioners in North Dorset who have been deprived of their winter fuel allowance and farmers who have been hit by and are now facing a massive tax burden will want to know how the Minister will reduce the cost of asylum hotels, which is, as she says, eye-wateringly high.
The action and her words are not apparently matching.
We have to deal with the chaotic system that we inherited from the Conservatives.
We are doing that in various ways.
One of the big things that we are trying to do is speed up the system and end the backlog so that we can get people out of hotels.
What steps she is taking to tackle phone theft.
The Government are determined to act to ensure that people feel safe on our streets.
On  6 February  the Home Secretary brought together law enforcement agencies and representatives of the mobile phone industry to discuss what more could be done to break the business model of mobile phone theft, and to bring about stronger collaboration across those agencies to crack down on the criminal networks that are operating in this trade.
In earlier times mobile phone theft was seen as an urban issue, but as has been evidenced by my postbag over the last couple of weeks, it is increasing in our rural towns and villages.
What discussions is the Minister having with her colleagues in the Ministry of Justice to ensure that repeat perpetrators of this crime face custodial sentences?
While there is a concentration of phone thefts in the Metropolitan police area in particular, it is important to note that they are happening around the country, and it is being suggested that the good practice used by those who are starting to tackle the problem, notably the West Midlands police force, should be spread to all forces.
The taskforce that I mentioned earlier in connection with a summit will meet again in three months, and I will certainly speak to my colleagues at the Ministry of Justice about the issue that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
What steps her Department is taking to counter hostile state threats.
The Home Office works closely with other Departments and operational agencies to strengthen the UK’s defences against state threats.
That includes continuing to implement measures in the National Security Act 2023, which will make the UK a harder target for states that seek to commit hostile acts.
Hostile states are using unknowing security officials here in the UK to undermine our national security and conceal their activities, and the director general of MI5 has said that Russia and Iran are increasingly using this tactic.
I welcome the Home Office guidance that allows security organisations to carry out effective due diligence, but what else is the Department doing, with the security industry, to ensure that our country is protected from these hostile state threats?