The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to help protect consumers against fraud.
Fraud devastates lives, and this Government are determined to meet that challenge head-on, including through the new expanded fraud strategy that we promised in our manifesto.
We are working with law enforcement and industry to better protect the public, and we are demanding that the tech companies go further and faster to protect consumers at risk of fraud on their platforms.
Online scams are a cause of particular concern in Hendon.
A number of my constituents have been targeted, and one lost £40,000 to an online scam.
Many of the scams originate overseas.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology about tackling online scams and working with other countries to crack down on scams originating abroad?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue, not least that the vast majority of scams are perpetrated by criminal gangs based overseas.
We need the support of overseas Governments and agencies and the co-operation  of tech firms to prevent fraud from taking place on their platforms.
My noble Friend Lord Hanson will be meeting tech firms next month to confirm what action is being taken.
Working across Government, including with partners in DSIT and others, we will not hesitate to take further action where necessary.
It was disappointing to see in the January figures that fraud has risen again after it had been coming down, but I commend the Government for proceeding with the Payment Services (Amendment) Regulations 2024 to slow down payments where there is a reasonable suspicion of fraudulent activity.
What effect does the Minister believe that change will make?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
He is right that the latest statistics show that there were 3.9 million incidents in the year ending September 2024—that is one in 15 people becoming a victim—which demonstrates the urgent need for action.
The Government are taking action: the Home Secretary, the Chancellor and the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology recently wrote to tech and telecoms companies, urging them to go faster and further on fraud, and we expect them to do so.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of extending the qualifying period for indefinite leave to remain.
Settlement in the UK is a privilege, not an automatic entitlement.
There is already a range of periods of time that people are required to spend in the UK before they qualify for settlement.
The number of people granted settlement each year will reflect the number of migrants coming to the UK in earlier years.
This Government are determined to bring control to the immigration system and to bring net migration down, and we keep all our policies under review.
There is clearly a cost to doing nothing about the current indefinite leave to remain policy, and a recent Centre for Policy Studies report estimates the net lifetime cost as £234 billion for those expected to be granted ILR over the next five years.
What is the Minister’s assessment of that cost?
I gently say to the hon.
Member that the number of settlement grants grew by almost a third in the final year that his party was in government, compared with 2023.
We will take absolutely no lessons from the Tory party and a shadow Home Secretary who completely lost control of our borders, allowing net migration to quadruple to a record high of nearly 1 million while the number of dangerous boat crossings soared.
Only refugees whose cases prove that they would be at harm if they returned home are given indefinite leave to remain in this country—30,000 people last year.
They will not leave the United Kingdom to return to the bombs and the dictators, but without a route to citizenship they will  find it harder to get a job to support their families, get a mortgage, or have a say in their local communities.
Will the Minister meet me, and other MPs who are concerned about the new guidance on naturalisation, to talk about how we can properly support integration in the UK?
My hon.
Friend will know that, for many generations, refugees who have arrived for resettlement in the UK have been able to apply for British citizenship if they meet the conditions, and that continues to be the case.
The UK must always do its bit to support those who are fleeing persecution, but we are also clear that we must do all we can to prevent people from making dangerous boat crossings and risking their lives in the arms of criminal gangs.