Jaguar Land Rover, which has its engine manufacturing centre based in Staffordshire, is a vital employer for people not just in Staffordshire, but right across the west midlands.
That plant is pioneering the development of electric vehicles for JLR.
What additional support and flexibility will there be from the Government to ensure that Great British brands continue to prosper in the west midlands?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about Great British brands.
We have some incredible small car manufacturers, as well as larger ones, in the UK, and there is great diversity of provision.
We are supporting the development of gigafactories in the UK, so that we can make the batteries that we need.
We are helping with R&D and innovation to make our cars more sophisticated and efficient, and supporting the large manufacturers to ensure that the conditions are right for them to develop in the UK.
We are doing all those things through our industrial strategy and our automotive strategy.
I work with the Automotive Council; we met just a couple of weeks ago to talk about the vibrant future that we see for automotives in the UK.
I am always happy to talk to JLR about its plans, and have done so several times.
I know that the shadow Minister struggles with the dynamics of the automotive industry, but for the last 20 years, 50% of new vehicle sales have been fleet and business sales.
Does the Minister agree that the decision taken today is a commercial decision, based around the structure of BMW’s dealer network, as opposed to an obsession with petrol and diesel vehicles?
My hon.
Friend as absolutely right to say that this is a commercial decision.
As he would expect, we are talking to representatives of BMW; my officials were with them in Munich a couple of weeks ago, and I have met the UK managing director several times.
We are talking to them to support the commercial decisions that they need to make.
They have made it clear that there were macroeconomic, global and commercial reasons for the delay that has been announced; such delays are not uncommon.
I know that BMW remains committed to this investment in the UK.
More than 300 employees at the BMW plant in Oxford live in my constituency, and this morning I met plant convenors from the Unite union to discuss the impact that the uncertainty at the plant is having on those workers and their families.
Can the Minister outline exactly how the new industrial strategy will help the plant to become more competitive, in the face of severe competition from other BMW plants in the EU, the US and China?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the concern that I suspect those employees feel.
They have known about this change since last year.
There are 3,500 people who work in the Oxford plant and many more who work at Rolls-Royce, which is owned by BMW, and in other parts of the UK.
Through the industrial strategy, we are looking at a number of issues that we will use the £2 billion for, and we will use the powers that we have.
Skills, energy costs and access to finance are all issues that we are having lots of conversations about, as well as the transition to electric vehicles.
We are making sure that the flight path for investment in the UK is as good as possible, and that those who are already investing in the UK continue to do so.
BMW has announced a £300 million investment in Rolls-Royce, which it owns.
It remains committed to this investment in the UK, but I appreciate that there will be concerns among the workers to whom the hon.
Gentleman has been talking, and I am always happy to meet people to discuss these matters in more detail.
Tata’s Llanwern steelworks in my constituency produces world-class automotive steel.
The Minister has acknowledged the importance of the automotive sector.
Will she also acknowledge the importance of having a strong steel industry, and of plants like Llanwern making steel for EVs, and put that at the heart of the forthcoming industrial strategy—a strategy that the Conservatives never had?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has managed, as ever, to bring steel into the debate.
It is incredibly important, and that is why we will have a separate steel strategy, on top of the work that we are doing in the industrial strategy to ensure a thriving sector in the future.
That will look at all the issues that we are grappling with and that she knows about, including the transition, energy prices, access to finance, access to grid connections and scrap.
We will continue to ensure that the UK’s six steel producers can thrive and bring in new business.
In answer to the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , the Minister stated that the strategy is resulting in people wanting to invest in the United Kingdom.
The sad fact is that as a result of the mad net zero policies that this Government are following, we are losing investment every week; this is yet another example.
Does the Minister not follow the logic?
If we punish people for not wanting the cars that we produce, the companies will cut back production and jobs, consumers will not get what they want, and economic growth will be affected.
When will this Government come to the conclusion that this policy of net zero and punishing people is wrong?
I do not know if the right hon.
Gentleman saw that the CBI brought out figures over the weekend showing that the net zero economy grew by 10% last year, which is significantly more than the economy as a whole.
We are absolutely right to transition to electric vehicles, so that we can stick to our commitments on climate change.
We are being pragmatic in how we do that.
We are not following the same policy as the previous Government, because we are talking to industry and consulting.
We will publish the results of the  consultation on how the flexibilities within the transition are working, and whether we need to change them in any way.
The British car industry was thriving until the Conservative party introduced net stupid zero, and now we have another car plant at risk; another business struggling and losing hundreds of millions of pounds; and hundreds more British jobs at risk.
Does the Minister agree that the automotive industry in the UK will continue to decline until we scrap net zero?
Here we go with the same old lines.
The hon.
Gentleman tells us that net zero is a massive con, yet he owns a company that is investing in electric car charging ports.
I rest my case.
On that well-known BMW plant in Strangford, I call Jim Shannon.