As we have heard, according to the Centre for Policy Studies, over 800,000 migrants from the past five years could soon claim indefinite leave to remain.
In NHS care, benefits, social housing and more, that will cost £234 billion—nearly six years of defence spending, or almost all income tax receipts for a year.
Will the Minister commit to extending the qualifying period for ILR, or will she accept that the consequence of her policy is a liability for the public of hundreds of billions of pounds?
I am still quite flabbergasted by the questions that the Conservatives ask in the House.
Their party saw net migration more than quadruple to record levels.
The shadow Minister will know that the Prime Minister has also pledged a White Paper on reducing net migration—that was at the end of last year—and work is under way to consider a range of proposals, including how better to support the integration and employability of refugees.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
May I support you, Mr Speaker, in your words about the people of Ukraine on the third anniversary of the invasion, including those who are here in the UK through the Homes for Ukraine scheme?
Too many communities are blighted by antisocial behaviour, which has increased over the past 10 years while neighbourhood policing was heavily cut.
That is why this Government’s plan for change means putting neighbourhood police back on the beat in our town centres and communities, and stronger powers in our crime and policing Bill—to be introduced tomorrow—to tackle off-road bikes, repeat offenders and shop theft.
Mark Porter is a community leader who runs Kidsgrove Ladsanddads.
Around 400 young people play football at Birchenwood fields every weekend, yet the football pitches are constantly damaged by  off-road bikes.
The same happens at Burslem golf club and across estates such as Mill Hill in Tunstall.
What steps will be taken to tackle the impact of off-road parks on communities in Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Some off-road bikes are a total nightmare and can drive communities up the wall with harassment and intimidation.
That is why we are strengthening powers.
At the moment, the police must provide repeat warnings before they can take action to seize such bikes; we think that they should be able to seize those antisocial bikes straightaway.
Antisocial behaviour comes in a variety of forms.
Norfolk police have recently made it a priority to address safety concerns about e-bikes and e-scooters.
In just one day, they reportedly seized 12 illegally modified bikes in Norwich.
I welcome that crackdown, but speeding e-bikes and e-scooters are a real menace in our city centre.
Will the Home Secretary expand on the measures that we will take to tackle speeding and illegally modified e-bikes and e-scooters?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue, which causes havoc and can be really threatening for people in the local community.
That is why we will strengthen the law by supporting the police to take stronger action on off-road bikes, and by introducing respect orders so that we can ban repeat offenders from town centres and tackle the antisocial behaviour that has blighted communities for far too long.
Antisocial behaviour is a problem not just in our town centres, but in our parks.
That is why my constituents are extremely concerned about plans to axe the specialist royal parks policing unit and subsume it into community support teams, given the £450 million shortfall facing the Met police.
This means that Bushy Park in my constituency will undoubtedly get less police coverage.
What assurances can the Home Secretary give my constituents that they will not see fewer police officers in our communities and our parks?
This Government are clear: we need to get more police back on the beat.
The number of police community support officers has halved over the past 10 to 15 years, and there has been a big drop in the number of neighbourhood police officers on the beat.
That is why next year we are increasing neighbourhood policing, with an additional £200 million of investment.
That is part of up to £1.1 billion of additional funding next year for our police forces across the country.
The Home Secretary will be aware that councils up and down the country have real problems with nuisance tenants creating mayhem, committing crimes and making residents’ lives a misery, so does she agree that there should be a “one strike and out” policy for these tenants, and that if they keep creating problems, they should be out and the local authority should have no duty to rehouse them?
We need stronger action against antisocial behaviour, whether that involves havoc in town centres, off-road bikes or nuisance neighbours making the community’s lives a misery.
That is why the Government  are increasing neighbourhood policing and giving the police and local communities much stronger powers to crack down on antisocial behaviour so that we can take back our communities from the vandals, the thieves and those who make others’ lives a misery.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Alice Macdonald) , I find that constituents consistently mention the antisocial use of e-scooters and e-bikes, and I certainly welcome on my constituents’ behalf the measures in the crime and policing Bill about seizing such vehicles.
Will Ministers talk to the Department for Transport about updating legislation, particularly in relation to e-scooters?
Their usage has exploded but legislation has not kept pace.
We are working with the Department for Transport.
We need to keep communities safe, ensure that proper safety standards are met and tackle antisocial behaviour.
I have also seen the work of Staffordshire police, who are using drones to follow riders of dangerous off-road bikes and take action.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it would be easier for the police to tackle antisocial behaviour if they had more support for special constables?
The number of special constables has fallen in recent years, particularly since the pandemic.
Will she agree to consider amending the Employment Rights Act 1996 to bring special constables within section 50?
I agree that special constables can play an important role.
Their numbers have dropped by around two thirds over the past 14 years.
I think that is damaging, and we want to increase their numbers.
We are working with police forces on how best to achieve that so that they can play their part, both on the streets in neighbourhood teams and in supporting other specialist aspects of the police’s work.
Greater Manchester has one of the highest crime rates in the country, with many suffering as a result of antisocial behaviour, but this weekend we saw police officers knocking on the door of a grandmother because she dared to criticise a Labour councillor for his role in the pensioner-hating WhatsApp scandal.
Does the Home Secretary agree that is a waste of police time?
The Government have been clear that the focus of policing must be on the neighbourhood crimes that blight our communities.
That is why we are increasing neighbourhood policing, because the Conservative party slashed the number of neighbourhood police on the beat and we lost thousands of neighbourhood police in our communities.
That is why we are also focusing the police on serious violence.
The legislation to be introduced tomorrow will focus on tackling serious violence and dealing with the most serious crimes in our communities—something that the Conservative party, which presided over a 61% increase in shoplifting alone during its last two years in power, failed time and again to do.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle domestic abuse in Gloucester.
The Government are determined to tackle the scourge of domestic abuse wherever it is found.
That is why we have already announced bold measures to transform the policing response to these devastating crimes.
Last week, I am proud to say, we embedded the first domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms in five police forces, under Raneem’s law, and we plan to equip forces everywhere with the tools they need to crack down on perpetrators and keep victims safe, including in Gloucester.