Our

community is better because of her efforts and her influence will be

greatly missed.
It is upon us to carry forward her legacy of service.
I extend my deepest sympathy to Tammy's husband, Col.
Jeff Holland,

and their son, Andrew, and daughter, Avery, for their loss, and I offer

my prayers on their behalf.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR.
DANIEL A. MOORE, SR.
HON.
HENRY C. ``HANK'' JOHNSON, JR.
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Daniel

A. Moore, Sr.
of Stone Mountain, Georgia, who passed away on March 4,

2024.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on November 20, 1935, Mr. Moore

found his true calling in film.
After moving to Atlanta in the 1970s,

he quickly became a key figure in the City's burgeoning cultural scene.
A tireless entrepreneur, filmmaker, producer, writer, cinematographer,

editor, exhibition designer, photographer, author, and humanitarian,

Mr. Moore was a man of immense talent and his renowned works in film,

music, and literature helped shape our culture in Atlanta and beyond.
In 1978, Mr. Moore embarked upon one of his greatest gifts when he

founded the African American Panoramic Experience (APEX) Museum, where

he proudly served as its President until his passing.
The APEX Museum

is the oldest Black history museum in Atlanta and a cultural

institution.
His work will live on as the museum plans APEX Phase II, a

massive 90,000 square foot expansion that will provide a state-of-the-

art walk-through history, from African civilizations to contemporary

Black America.
Among his many awards and accolades, Mr. Moore received the Joseph R.

Biden Presidential Lifetime Achievement Award on October 21, 2023.
Most

recently, during Black History Month this year, I had the pleasure of

recognizing Mr. Moore for his pioneering contributions to the

preservation and showcasing of Black history and culture in Atlanta at

a ceremony in Stonecrest.
I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the outstanding life and

legacy that Mr. Moore leaves behind for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PASSAGE OF THE WINNEBAGO LAND TRANSFER ACT

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.

1240, the Winnebago Land Transfer Act, introduced by my colleague, Mr.

Feenstra from Iowa.
This critical bill would transfer rightfully-owed

land back to the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska.
The land in question was

taken from the Tribe in an illegal acquisition, and due to complex

legal stipulations within the most recent court proceedings

pertaining to this matter, the land has still not been returned to the

Tribe.
Legal complications of these sorts when it comes to federal

tribal trust responsibility are an all-too-common phenomenon for Indian

Country and demonstrates the importance of a strong relationship

between the federal government and tribes.
This bill would reinstate

the autonomy of the land back to the Winnebago Tribe and protect their

sovereignty.
The state of Iowa, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and

two affected counties are supportive of this bill, and have

demonstrated their support for this cause.
I applaud my colleagues who

have moved swiftly to pass this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was back in my district for Primary

election night.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call

No.
60 and YEA on Roll Call No.
61.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOE BONAMASSA

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joe Bonamassa, a

celebrated blues guitarist, singer, and songwriter, for his tireless

efforts in preserving and promoting the blues genre.
Through the

Keeping the Blues Alive Foundation (KTBA), Bonamassa has become a

beacon of hope for aspiring musicians, educators, and enthusiasts

alike.