Title: CELEBRATING THE 95TH BIRTHDAY OF MALPHINE FOGEL; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
41

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 95TH BIRTHDAY OF MALPHINE FOGEL

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and

advocacy of Malphine ``Mafa'' Fogel, who will celebrate her 95th

birthday on March 11, 2024.
Malphine was born and raised in Brady's Bend, Pennsylvania.
After

graduating as the valedictorian of East Brady High School's class of

1947, she moved to Butler, Pennsylvania.
She began a successful career

there with the Butler Eagle newspaper and Nationwide Insurance Company.
In 1957, Malphine married Maurice ``Cubby'' Fogel and shared 57 happy

years of marriage before his passing in 2014.
The couple raised three

children together: Mary, Marc, and Anne.
Over the years, the Fogel

family grew to include nine grandchildren and eight great-

grandchildren.
She also remains closely connected with her seven

siblings and travels home to Brady's Bend every Sunday to spend dinner

with them.
Last May, I had the honor of meeting Malphine for the first time when

she traveled to Washington and advocated for her son's release from a

Russian prison.
With the support of Malphine and her family, I proudly

introduced the Marc Fogel Act to provide transparency into the State

Department's wrongful detainment determination process and ensure that

Americans imprisoned overseas are not forgotten.
The Fogel family

deserves answers, and we will not rest until Marc returns home.
Malphine built her life on the bedrock of faith and reverence for

God, and it continues to guide her through this difficult time.
Every

Sunday, she attends Mass at St. Michael the Archangel and was a

frequent parishioner at the 24 hour Eucharistic Adoration for 20 years.
Her example of faith, love, and devotion to family provide an inspiring

example for all Americans.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I wish Malphine a happy 95th birthday and

express my urgent, longstanding hope for her son's release so that the

Fogel family can be swiftly reunited.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CAREER OF MR.
J. BRENT OLMSTEAD

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

distinguished career and contributions of J. Brent Olmstead, a fourth

generation Idahoan raised on a cattle ranch with a rich background in

public policy and advocacy.
Brent grew up on a cattle ranch south of Twin Falls, Idaho, and

dedicated over 35

years of his life to public service.
He began his career as a lobbyist

for Idaho Commerce and Industry in 1994.
There he focused his attention

and expertise on issues such as agriculture, natural resources,

immigration, and the environment.
After 7 years at IACI, where he served as vice-president.
Brent then

created his own consulting firm named MPIdaho.
As a consultant, Brent

specialized in public policy development and strategic planning for

private businesses in agriculture, taxation, and immigration.
He also

created the non-profit organization, Milk Producers of Idaho.
More recently, Brent joined the University of Idaho's College of

Agricultural and Life Sciences, as assistant dean for government and

external relations.
In this capacity, Brent worked extensively on a

project called the Idaho Center for Agriculture, Food, and the

Environment (CAFE).
The new center will focus their research on

critical problems that agribusiness faces.
Brent also received IACI's 2023 Pat K. Harwood award, in recognition

of his decades of service to the state of Idaho.
A great achievement

for a man who exemplifies what it means to be a leader.
His commitment to Idaho is also evident through his service on

various boards, including the advisory board for the James A. and

Louise McLure Center for Public Policy Research, the Idaho Hispanic

Foundation, the Idaho Small Business Advisory Council, the Children's

Discovery Center of Idaho, and Idaho Red Cross.