Brent also received IACI's 2023 Pat K. Harwood award, in recognition

of his decades of service to the state of Idaho.
A great achievement

for a man who exemplifies what it means to be a leader.
His commitment to Idaho is also evident through his service on

various boards, including the advisory board for the James A. and

Louise McLure Center for Public Policy Research, the Idaho Hispanic

Foundation, the Idaho Small Business Advisory Council, the Children's

Discovery Center of Idaho, and Idaho Red Cross.
My friend, Brent Olmstead, has had many titles in his distinguished

career, but the two most important to Brent are father and husband.
Brent is a devoted family man and raised five children with his late

wife, Jane Wittmeyer.
If anyone has earned the right to have a peaceful and enjoyable

retirement, it is Brent.
Well done my friend and congratulations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DR.
JACQUELINE APPLEGATE ON A HAPPY RETIREMENT

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr.

Jacqueline Applegate, President of Bayer Crop Science North America on

her retirement.
In the words of her colleagues, Dr. Applegate has been

an excellent member of the Executive Leadership Team for the Global

Crop Science division of Bayer.
Dr. Applegate is a scientist by training and began her career at

Bayer as a process development chemist at a manufacturing facility in

Kansas City, Missouri after graduating from Iowa State University with

a Ph.D. in organic chemistry.
Dr. Applegate served as Global President

of Vegetable Seeds and Environmental Science, and as the Culture and

Change Management Lead for the Bayer/Monsanto integration.
Throughout

her career she's made a positive impact everywhere she's been.
Dr.

Applegate oversaw more than 11,000 employees and was responsible for

the commercial performance of the Crop Science business in the United

States and Canada, which is a segment worth more than $8B in net sales.
Dr. Applegate made significant impacts throughout her career, whether

through her commitment to assist in the career elevation for each team

member or in opening opportunity for the youth who will lead

agriculture in the future.
The greatest leaders we have not only take

on the issues of today, but they also lay the groundwork for a better

tomorrow.
Dr. Applegate certainly fits that description.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Dr. Applegate for her service

to America's farmers and agriculture around the world, and in wishing

her a happy retirement on an unforgettable career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TAMMY HOLLAND

HON.
BLAKE D. MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Utah.
Mr. Speaker, I was saddened by the recent and

sudden passing of Tammy Holland, who was an anchor in the Ogden, Utah

and Hill Air Force Base communities.
Tammy was a native to Colorado,

where she grew up hiking, skiing, and riding horses.
She brought her

love of the outdoors to Utah and instilled the same admiration for

God's creations in her children, Andrew and Avery.
Tammy was easy to be

around and quick to welcome anyone as a new friend.
With her husband of

23 years, Tammy built her home centered on faith in Jesus Christ and

encouraged family and friends alike to join her in serving others.
It's no easy task raising two kids in an Air Force family, and Tammy

was a rock for her husband and children as they made homes in Florida,

South Carolina, Ohio, Germany, Texas, Massachusetts, Virginia,

Illinois, Missouri, and ultimately, Utah.
Friends and loved ones in

each of these communities came to love Tammy for her organizing and

compassionate service to the Airmen and their respective families.
Our

community is better because of her efforts and her influence will be

greatly missed.
It is upon us to carry forward her legacy of service.
I extend my deepest sympathy to Tammy's husband, Col.