The Minister says that he wants the “best possible outcomes” for pension savers.
The pensions dashboard, which is designed to help pensioners understand their pension’s performance, was promised by Chancellor George Osborne, but it is still delayed.
When will the pensions dashboard be delivered to support UK pensioners?
My hon.
Friend the Minister for pensions is proceeding at pace to deliver that important element in people’s ability to access the most information.
It is just one component.
We want people to have good pension choices and to understand the ways that investments are being made.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand, because we have engaged in the past about pensioners not necessarily having had the best information available to them in a regulated way, that it is better to be right in this case than to be fast.
I was delighted to attend the Mansion House dinner last night as the Member of Parliament representing the City of London and to listen to excellent speeches by the Lord Mayor and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Does the Minister agree that the Mansion House compact will do much to secure the City of London’s position as a global powerhouse in the financial services sector and will also create more jobs across the country?
My hon.
Friend, who knows so much and speaks so lucidly for Cities of London and Westminster, is absolutely right.
These are a bold and ambitious set of reforms.
They will not just help communities across the whole of the United Kingdom—I never fail to remind the House that financial services touch almost every constituency—but continue to underwrite the strong and leading position of the City of London, which she so ably represents.
It is always fascinating to hear Ministers justifying their failure over the last 13 years.
The Minister would do well to recognise that business investment is at a record low in this country.
One way to address the record low in business investment is to listen to the professional services sector, which says that a mutual recognition agreement with the EU would increase that performance and contribution.
Why have the Government made no progress on that mutual recognition agreement?
I am enormously proud of the fact that we have recently reached agreement with all the member nations of the European Union on the memorandum of understanding in respect of financial services.
That joins a number of such agreements, all of which have the objective of seeking access to as many of the growing markets in the world as possible for our financial and professional services.
Only last week I met my opposite number, the German deputy Finance Minister, and next week I will be meeting the Luxembourg Finance Minister.
By how much will today’s announcement reduce the burden of regulation on UK business?
I ask that because the Government promised that there would be no net increase in the burden of regulation on business during this Parliament, but so far we are £14.3 billion in the wrong direction.
My hon.
Friend may wish to ask that question in due course.
With respect to the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, I can only speak for the financial services sector.
Today we are publishing documents to repeal 100 elements of retained EU law.
That builds on reforms we already had in train, such as the prospectus directive.
I can certainly give him my confidence and assurance that we are significantly lightening the burden of regulation, but more importantly, making it appropriate for the unique fact pattern of the UK as an open, innovative global market.