Millions of people with disabilities or serious medical conditions rely on specialist equipment, such as ventilators or home dialysis, which personally costs them more money to run, while giving considerable savings to NHS hospitals.
Will the Minister urge Cabinet colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions to help to tackle health inequalities by ensuring that those people receive a fair and timely reimbursement for those additional costs, which are essential to run the equipment to help keep them alive?
Absolutely.
We are conscious of the additional needs of people who have equipment like that.
By the end of June, the Government had covered nearly half of a typical household’s energy bill through the support schemes we put in place, but we are always looking at what more we can do to help vulnerable households.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of primary care service closures on public health.
Each integrated care board is required to ensure access to GP services for all.
Overall, more people are being seen in general practice than ever before—about 10% more than before the pandemic—but where some practices close, the local ICB has to ensure that patients are transferred smoothly to other practices.
Park View medical centre in West Derby, one of the most deprived areas of my city, is facing imminent closure, and there has been a lack of transparency and accountability throughout the process when dealing with the ICB to get the decision reversed.
In the Minister’s reply to my letter, he said it was essential that, if a GP surgery closes, it does not lead to a reduction in the quality of care for patients in the locality.
Park View patients have been clear that dispersal to other surgeries would be catastrophic, especially when all GPs are already facing huge pressures.
Will the Minister urgently intervene to halt the closure due to the legal insufficiency of the consultation process and meet me and patients?
I have looked carefully at that case, on which the hon.
Gentleman has been campaigning.
The incumbent provider chose not to bid for the future contract for Park View medical centre, and NHS Cheshire and Merseyside decided that the best thing was to help patients to transfer to neighbouring practices.
Patients  will only be transferred to practices rated as good, and there are 10 other practices rated as good within a 1-mile radius of Park View.
Since 2019, there has been an increase in the number of patient-facing staff of about 50% in the constituency.
That means there are more people in his GP surgeries.
We are working hard to ensure high-quality GP services in his constituency.
Health is devolved to Labour in Cardiff.
Ynys Môn is represented by five Members of the Senedd, yet health represents a third of my postbag, particularly relating to access to primary care in Holyhead.
Does the Minister agree that families in Holyhead are not getting the healthcare they need and deserve?
Yes, it is true, I am afraid.
People are about twice as likely to be waiting for treatment in the Welsh NHS.
Waits are also longer in Wales, with 30,000 people waiting more than two years for treatment, even though those have been eliminated in England.
England spends more on general practice than Scotland or Wales, despite the fact that Wales has 20% more funding, and England has also grown spending on general practice faster than either Scotland or Wales.
We are highly focused on getting good primary care services in England.
There are always lessons that we can learn from each other, but there are definitely lessons that Welsh Labour can learn from the English NHS.
What steps his Department is taking to create a vaccine development and evaluation centre.
The vaccine development and evaluation centre, backed by £65 million for state-of-the-art facilities, at the Porton Down site has been operational since early last year.
It supported the autumn vaccine roll-out and the spring vaccine roll-out earlier this year.
In November 2021, Dame Kate Bingham rightly called the decision to withdraw support for the Valneva whole virus vaccine “inexplicable” because a broad portfolio of vaccines is important as we move forward against future variants.
The British Society for Immunology states that there is an urgent need for second and third-generation covid vaccines, including universal mucosal vaccines with longer-lasting protective immunity.
With growing public concern and mounting clinical and scientific evidence of vaccine injury from mRNA, why is the UK not seeking to harness the power of all technologies instead of establishing an inexplicable exclusive relationship with Moderna?
I confirm to the hon.
Gentleman that, in the recent spring campaign, we deployed four approved vaccines—Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, Novavax and Sanofi-GSK—as part of our roll-out.
We are using a range of vaccines to protect us from the pandemic.
Whether his Department has made an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the availability of housing on young people’s mental health.
We are working with a number of Government Departments, including the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, to tackle the effect of housing insecurity on young people’s mental health.
The mental health of young people is being impacted by the fact that net migration is far too high and we are not building nearly enough houses.
The Government need to take action on that, but young people worry that, with an ageing population, the health service will not be able to provide for them in future.
May I commend to the Minister the excellent paper published by the former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair, which suggests things such as co-payments and personalised apps?
Would it not be ironic if a former Labour Prime Minister were more radical on reform of the NHS than a Conservative Government?
Actually, under this Government, last year, the number of first-time buyers passed the 400,000 mark, which is the highest number in 19 years.
I will not take any lectures from a former Labour Prime Minister because when Labour was in government it saddled the NHS with a £10 billion failed IT system that never saw the light of day, an £80 billion failed private finance initiative contract that NHS trusts are still paying for, and a GP contract that enabled opt-out at weekends and evenings, which patients still suffer from.
Today marks the three-year anniversary of the death of Tom Pirie, who tragically took his own life just days after being assessed as at low risk of doing so by his counsellor.
Over the last few years, I have been working with Tom’s father Philip on his campaign to improve suicide risk assessment procedure, particularly in view of the upcoming 10-year suicide prevention strategy review.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to Tom’s life and Philip’s excellent work in his memory by providing us with an update as to when we can expect the review to be published?
I absolutely pay tribute to Tom and to his father.
I reassure him that we have many campaigners.
Only last week, we received the baton of hope at No. 10 from those campaigning to reduce the number of suicides in this country.
We are working on the suicide prevention plan and hope to be able to publish it very soon.
What steps he is taking to tackle shortages in hormone replacement therapy.
We continue to engage regularly with our suppliers to prevent and mitigate supply issues in the short term.
We have over 70 HRT products.
The vast majority are available.
We have two that have serious shortage protocols attached to them, but we are hoping to improve supply on those very soon.
Although shortages of Utrogestan are ongoing, there is no alternative progesterone product recommended on the serious shortage protocol.
Taking oestrogen without progesterone can be dangerous.
Provera is a synthetic progesterone alternative to Utrogestan, but it is not included on the HRT prepayment certificate.
Will the Minister commit to placing Provera on the list of products covered by the prepayment certificate as a priority and issue a public health warning highlighting the risks of taking oestrogen without progesterone?
We are in the process of issuing another bulletin to both GPs and pharmacists on the serious shortage protocols and to make clear the alternatives available.
That is a clinical decision.
I will certainly look at the issue of Provera because medicines have to tick off a number of criteria to be eligible for the prepayment certificate.
I will certainly look into that particular drug on the hon.
Lady’s behalf.
What steps he is taking to increase the social care workforce.
Social care depends on the skills and compassion of our care workforce.
That is why we are investing £250 million in reforming care as a career, with a new care qualification, specialist training courses for experienced care workers and a new career structure to support progression, alongside increased funding for social care, our national recruitment campaign and the care worker visa.
We need many, many more domiciliary care workers.
How will we get them?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
We have some good news: Skills for Care data shows that home care job vacancies are falling—something I hear when I speak to home care providers.
Looking ahead to next winter, I want every local authority to have enough home care on hand.
That is why I emphasised the importance of home care when we distributed £600 million of discharge funding to local councils and NHS organisations in April.
We are asking all local authorities to plan ahead and book enough home care in advance for this coming winter.
Is this not the very day to thank our care workers up and down the country?
So many families depend on those people who toil away, day by day, visiting houses, often not being paid in between their visits.
Could we look closely at recruitment and the agencies involved?
Let us get real pay for care workers up, now.
I think that every day is a good day to thank our care workers for their skills, compassion and hard work.
We gave social care a record funding settlement of up to £7.5 billion in the autumn statement, which is being used to help local authorities increase the fees that they pay to care providers, in turn enabling care providers to pay their workforce better.
That is going hand in hand with extra funding to support discharge into social care this winter and our reforms for the care workforce.
What steps he is taking to ensure that people in care settings are permitted family visits.
I know how important it is for people in care homes, hospitals and hospices to see their family and friends.
The majority of health and care providers follow national guidance.
I do not want anyone to worry about not being able to visit a loved one, which is why in June we launched a consultation to change the law on visiting.
As the Minister knows, last month I introduced my ten-minute rule Bill, the Care Supporters Bill, to make sure that we recognise in law the value of the care of a loved one.
Will her consultation differentiate between a care supporter and a visitor?
Currently, the Care Quality Commission does not investigate individual cases.
Will it have the power to do that in future?
First, I commend the hon.
Member for his campaign on this issue.
He has been a powerful advocate and draws on his own experience, as do I.
He is probably asking me to pre-empt the outcome of the consultation.
I encourage him and others concerned about this matter to put their views into that consultation, and we will respond once it is closed.
What recent progress he has made in negotiations with the World Health Organisation on proposed amendments to the International Health Regulations 2005.
The UK continues to negotiate on amendments, alongside other member states of the World Health Organisation.
We want to ensure that the International Health Regulations are effective in preventing and responding to potential health threats, leaving the UK better prepared for future health emergencies.
We anticipate negotiations to continue until the 77th World Health Assembly in May next year.
Will the Minister assure me that the proposed changes to the International Health Regulations being negotiated will not give new rule-making powers, such as those tabled by Bangladesh, to the WHO director general to make binding directions on matters including border closures, quarantining and vaccine passports?
Even the WHO’s own expert review committee has raised concerns over such significant increases in power.
As my right hon.
Friend will know, the UK has a strong commitment and duty to implement international law, but on this matter we have been absolutely clear.
I can certainly assure her that we will not sign up to any IHR amendment or any other instrument that would compromise the UK’s ability to make domestic decisions on national measures concerning public health.
Can the Minister confirm whether the House will get a vote on the amendments to the International Health Regulations, or will we not?
Should the UK Government wish to accept an IHR amendment, changes to domestic law to reflect proposed obligations may indeed be required.
The Government would therefore prepare draft legislation and bring it before Parliament in the usual way.
Let me repeat that in all circumstances, the sovereignty of the UK Parliament would remain unchanged and the UK would retain control of any future decisions around national public health measures.
If he will publish the results of the consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths.
The consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths received 334 responses, including from bereaved parents, charities, the Chief Coroner, clinicians and a range of other organisations.
Mr Speaker, you are very familiar with the problems over the implementation of my Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration etc) Act 2019, which passed this House in February 2019.
Section 4 remains incomplete.
The consultation was completed in June 2019.
Mr Speaker, you are aware that I made six attempts to get a meeting with the Minister and a Justice Minister.
Eventually, I got it in March, after the Leader of the House intervened.
Four months on, I have heard nothing and the consultation remains unpublished.
What will it take to get this legislation, which everyone wants and which was passed unanimously, into law?