Back to NHS dentistry, I am afraid.
Later this week, the Select Committee will publish its report on NHS dentistry services.
Spoiler alert: it will be uncomfortable reading for some.
Will the Secretary of State tell us when and how he plans to bring forward plans for the tie-in of newly qualified dentists?
Could that go hand in hand with a “return to the NHS” campaign for dentists who have already left that part of the service?
It is characteristically astute of my hon.
Friend to zero in on the tie-in, which is an important part of the long-term workforce plan.
Around two thirds of dentists do not go into NHS work after training, so having a tie-in is more pertinent there than it might be elsewhere in the NHS workforce.[Official Report,  12 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 8MC.]
I look forward to the Select Committee’s report but, with some of the reforms already in place, we are boosting the number of patients treated.
There were a fifth more dental treatments in 2022 than in the previous year.
We are also making NHS dentistry more attractive with some of the changes to the previous 2006 contract, but we recognise that there is more to do, which is why we will shortly set out our dental recovery plan.
I have received a wave of concern from clinicians on the safety of using physician associates, following my Adjournment debate last week in which I raised the death of Emily Chesterton, the 30-year-old daughter of my constituents Marion and Brendan.
Emily died of a pulmonary embolism after being seen twice by the same physician associate at her GP practice.
The physician associate failed to refer her to a doctor or to a hospital emergency unit for tests, which the coroner concluded could have prevented her death.
Yesterday, on “Good Morning Britain”, the Secretary of State boasted of increasing the number of people working in primary care, presumably including the workforce plan proposal to triple the use of physician associates.
Will he look urgently at the details of Emily Chesterton’s case and ask himself whether lessons can be learned to avoid other preventable deaths?
Having responded to the hon.
Lady’s Adjournment debate last Thursday, I hear the calls she has made.
I know that she has also written to the Secretary of State, and I will ensure that she gets a full response, with answers to all the questions she raises.
My good friend the mental health Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) —will know that I have been busy beavering away, together with the UK Government’s mental health ambassador, Dr Alex George, on the early support mental health hubs project.
It will relieve pressure on child and adolescent mental health services and save undue distress and money.
The pilot scheme is ready to go.
Might I suggest that the shared outcomes fund could be the means to press on with the pilot?
Dr Alex George does a lot of fantastic work.
I am due to meet him shortly in the coming days, and I look forward to that discussion.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of getting more mental health support into the community, which is exactly what our additional funding is focused on delivering.
Eighteen community pharmacists in my constituency are reporting challenges on medicine supplies.
What more is the Minister going to do to get a grip of this situation?
We have a long-standing team in the Department focused on medical supplies, which are a continual issue; as a matter of routine business, there are often challenges in that area.
If the hon.
Gentleman has specific issues he wishes to raise, we would be happy to look at them, but we have a dedicated team in the Department that focuses on that exact point.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I have been campaigning for £118 million of capital funding, the majority of it for Southend University Hospital, ever since I was elected.
I am grateful that he has recently confirmed that the funding is secure.
A new business plan is being submitted, including £9 million of enabling funding.
Will he look upon that favourably and swiftly?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have already met her to discuss this scheme, and the impediment was the business plan that came forward from the local  trust—further work was being done on that.
She is right to highlight our capital investment more widely.
This Government have committed to investing in the biggest ever hospital building programme, with more than £20 billion.
That is in addition to our long-term workforce plan—the first time the NHS has done this—in which we are making a further £2.4 billion of investment.
Is the Minister aware that the NHS North East and North Cumbria mental health and wellbeing hub is due to close this September?
With mental health care in crisis in County Durham, that is an insult to the health and social care staff who desperately rely on those services.
Will the Minister reverse that decision?
There are two issues here.
One is how much investment we are prioritising towards mental health; the other is how local commissioners choose to prioritise services within those communities, and whether we try to run all of those decisions from the centre in Whitehall or embrace the 42 integrated care systems and allow them to make commissioning decisions.
The bottom line is that we are spending much more on mental health, with an increase of £2.3 billion compared with the position four years ago.
That is allowing us to replace 500 dormitory beds and provide 100 mental health ambulances, three new mental health hospitals, 160 projects such as crisis cafés to support accident and emergency, and £75 million to help those with mental health challenges get back into work, which is one of the best prevention measures we can take for people who are suffering with their mental health.