What steps he is taking to help tackle health inequalities.
We are tackling the root causes of health inequalities.
We have doubled the duty on cigarettes and brought in a minimum excise tax on the cheapest cigarettes.
That has helped to drive down smoking rates from 21% to a record low of 13%.
We are going further, helping a million smokers with our scheme to get people to stop smoking and start vaping.
We have provided £40 million to start rolling out new weight-loss drugs and, in the major conditions strategy, we will talk further about how we will tackle health inequalities.
People in the north-east die younger than people in the rest of England and spend more years in ill health.
Increased NHS waiting times leaves them on medication for longer.
The north-east has the highest level of people living in poverty, leaving many of my constituents unable to afford prescription charges.
Some have told me that they are taking paracetamol instead of prescribed medication, worsening health inequalities.
Will the Minister commit to scrapping these unfair prescription charges?
Nine out of 10 prescriptions are not paid for, but free at the point of delivery.
On the various important points that the hon.
Lady makes, tackling health inequalities is hugely important to us.
That is why we are creating 160 extra community diagnostic centres, which are targeted at areas of the highest deprivation.
It is why we are rolling out targeted lung health checks in 43 areas of the most deprivation.
It is also why we are providing cost of living support worth about £3,300 for the average household in this country.
It is one of the most generous schemes anywhere in Europe, exactly to tackle those cost of living pressures and health inequalities.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that health inequalities can also be geographical within the south-east, with boroughs such as Bexley having historically received less funding than other parts of London.
Does he therefore agree that further investment in the fantastic Queen Mary’s Hospital Sidcup would address that issue and improve health outcomes for people in south-east London?
My hon.
Friend is assiduous in making the case for his constituency.
Ministers of course will meet him to discuss this matter.
I know he is closely following the progress of the CDC bid, which we have been talking about.
Those diagnostic centres are doing fantastic work to get earlier diagnosis and save more lives, particularly in areas of deprivation.