Last week, the Health Secretary said that he was willing to offer doctors a higher pay rise.
Last night, the Chancellor slapped him down, saying that any increased offer will have to be paid for by cuts.
How can the Health Secretary negotiate an end to the NHS strikes when he cannot even negotiate with his own Chancellor?
We have been clear throughout that Government decisions on the pay review bodies’ recommendations are taken on a cross-Government basis.
The agreement that we reached with the largest group of NHS staff, those on “Agenda for Change”, has demonstrated that we are willing to work constructively with trade union colleagues, but the demand from junior doctors for a 35% increase is not affordable—indeed, the hon.
Gentleman himself has said that he does not support it.
But the worst strikes in the history of the NHS are still to come.
The impact of the junior doctors’ strikes and the consultants’ strikes will be devastating for patients.
The Secretary of State has failed to stop these strikes for seven months.
He has lost the confidence of nurses, radiologists, junior doctors and consultants, and he cannot even successfully negotiate with his Chancellor, so what is his plan to stop these strikes going ahead?
The hon.
Gentleman’s message is not even consistent with what he said at the weekend in the media: that he was not in a position to offer more money to the NHS, and that the shadow Chancellor had made that clear—in a vain attempt to demonstrate some sort of fiscal responsibility.
The hon.
Gentleman has been clear that he does not support the 35% demand from doctors in training.
We are demonstrating that we are working constructively with groups such as the “Agenda for Change” group—the largest staff group, made up of over 1 million staff—with which we have reached a deal.
We have also been responding constructively to the British Medical Association’s principal demand for consultants, which was for changes to pension taxation.
We are willing to engage constructively with trade union colleagues, but the 35% demand is not affordable.
He needs to decide on his position.
Which is it: his position at the weekend that the Opposition are not offering more money, or his position today, which seems to be that they will?
I have campaigned for more health services for my constituents since I was elected, and 97% of those who responded to my recent health services survey felt that we did not have enough doctors for the number of people in the constituency.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how to sort this out and get my constituents the health services that they deserve?
We are conscious that more is going on in general practice than ever before.
There are 10% more appointments than before the pandemic, as well as 29,000 extra clinicians and nearly 2,000 more doctors, but we are conscious of the pressures that puts on the estate locally.
I would be very happy to meet and have further conversations with my hon.
Friend.
I am sure that the Secretary of State shares my concern that school nurses report increasing rates of children presenting with health issues resulting from poor nutrition.
In Scotland, the SNP Government have rolled out universal free school meals for all pupils in primary years 1 to 5 and special schools, and the expansion of the programme continues.
What discussion has the Secretary of State had with Cabinet colleagues about following Scotland’s lead and expanding free school meal provision in England to improve children’s health and wellbeing?
Of course we have regular discussions, not just with Cabinet colleagues, but with our counterparts across the UK.
I had a meeting just yesterday with Health Ministers, including my counterpart in Scotland, on the shared challenges.
On the issue that the hon.
Lady raises, as the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  said a moment ago, we are providing significant support for households—over £3,300 in support—but we also have measures that target schools, including holiday support measures and wider health and wellbeing measures, such as our significant investment in school sport.