My hon.
Friend is completely correct.
That is why at the end of last month we laid a statutory instrument before the House to fix the system, so that pharmacists can spend more time using their skills to provide high-end clinical services and less time snipping blister packs.
Given the national shortage of GPs, does the Minister recognise that there is a potential danger in asking pharmacists to take on the duties of GPs—duties that they are not necessarily qualified to undertake—especially given the already large workload undertaken by pharmacists?
We absolutely recognise the need for patient safety, which is why there will be clear patient group directions and clear pathways about what pharmacists do.
They are not taking on the role of GPs, but are providing additional services that will make things more convenient for all of our constituents.
I warmly welcome the Government’s commitment to investing £645 million to enable pharmacists to provide for far more common conditions.
I have already visited one of my own local surgeries, the Shakespeare Road medical practice, and seen at first hand how pharmacists are already working in GP surgeries to try to reduce waiting times.
Surely, more surgeries should be doing the same, involving pharmacists with enhanced roles in order to cut waiting times in a manner that is safe.
My right hon.
Friend is completely correct.
That £645 million, of course, comes on top of the £100 million that we have already put in.
We have grown the pharmacy workforce hugely—there are 82% more pharmacists now than in 2010—and we are also enabling those people with their high-end skills to do more by reforming regulations.
That is not just the blister packs issue; we are enabling them to do convenient things such as hand out bagged medicines even if the pharmacist is not present.
Will the Minister undertake to liaise closely with local community pharmacy representative groups to ensure that the excellent work they have been doing can be maximised, particularly given that the NHS is under severe pressure at the moment?
Absolutely, and I always try to learn lessons from right across the UK.
In fact, some of the ideas for reforms have come from listening to local partners.
For example, our reforms to enable modern ways of working, hub-and-spoke dispensing and empowering pharmacy technicians have come from talking to those local partners.