The Secretary of State was asked— What progress his Department has made on improving access to NHS dentists in North Shropshire constituency.
Last year, we announced a number of reforms to the NHS dental system, making the NHS more attractive and helping patients to access care.
Treatments and dental care delivered in England went up by a fifth between 2021 and 2022.
In North Shropshire, the number of adults seen by a dentist between 2019 and 2022 fell by more than 10%, from 47.5% to 35.4%, and the number of children seen by a dentist in that time has fallen by just about 10%, from 59% to 49.8%.
Constituents report not being able to access a dentist, and are being turned away from their NHS dentists as they seek to take on only private work.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me that he is taking steps to ensure that dentists in rural areas will continue to provide NHS services, because this healthcare problem will continue into the future?
We recognise that we need to do more.
That is why we are making NHS dentistry more attractive by creating more bands of units of dental activity, having a minimum UDA value, and increasing to 110% the amount of activity that dentists can do.
Indeed, Shropshire, Telford and Wrekin NHS trust, for example, was above the national average in the 24 months until June 2022.
We are putting reforms in place to build more capacity.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce waiting times for NHS treatments.
What recent progress he has made on reducing the number of patients waiting more than 18 months for elective care.
The elective recovery plan sets out clear steps to eliminate long waits, and that is supported by £8 billion of revenue funding and £5.9 billion in capital over three years.
The waiting list for elective care has risen to more than 7 million people, including one constituent who is unable to work while waiting months for an orthopaedic assessment, and another who has been waiting three years for a prostate operation.
Both have had to seek emergency care while they wait for an agonisingly long time.
Is it not true that the longer the Conservatives stay in power, the longer patients will wait?
On the last bit of the question, the average waits in Wales are 20.4 weeks as of April, and in England they are 13.8 weeks, which is the exact opposite of the point the hon.
Lady raises.
We are taking action.
We are boosting diagnostic capacity; 111 community diagnostic centres are now open.
We are increasing treatment capacity through our surgical hubs programme.
We are giving patients choice, which is not available in Wales under the Labour Administration—we are giving them more choice.
We are also making better use of the independent sector, which some on the Labour Front Bench support but others do not.
One of my constituents has now been waiting 14 months for a hysterectomy, while another waited years to receive a much-needed hip replacement.
That is way over the 18-week standard set out by the NHS Constitution.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House what is being done to get wait times down to that 18-week mark?
We recognise the challenges from the pandemic, and that is why we are boosting capacity, particularly through our community diagnostic centres.
The additional capacity has already delivered more than 4 million extra tests and scans.
We are rolling that programme out with the target of 160, and 111 are already in place.
What steps he is taking to implement section 5 of the Health and Care Act 2022.
In accordance with section 5 of the Health and Care Act 2022, the Secretary of State’s mandate to NHS England for this year set out ambitious objectives to improve outcomes for cancer patients, including the specific aims of improving one-year and five-year survival of all cancers.
Many on the Conservative Benches are pleased that section 5 is finally being implemented, but we would urge the Government to ensure, when consulting on the NHS mandate, that the focus is on outcomes such as the one-year survival rate to encourage earlier diagnosis, and is not watered down in favour of softer objectives such as patient experience surveys, because patients may not be aware of how badly the NHS compares on international survival rates, as recent research from the King’s Fund has shown.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his commitment to ensuring that we are focused on cancer outcomes and on his successful campaign for that to be included in the NHS mandate, which it has been, as I just mentioned.
The best way to improve outcomes for cancers is by catching cancer early.
That is one reason why we have a range of metrics, including process metrics, which measure early diagnosis and therefore help us to achieve our ambitions on outcomes.
Other metrics such as patient experience are important as well.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Baron) .
One of the problems is the time it takes from the GP’s referral to the consultant at the hospital and the treatment then starting; there are still concerns about delays in that.
What is the Minister doing to speed up the process from not just the GP’s referral to the consultant but from the consultant to treatment starting?
The hon.
Member is right that the duration is very important.
One reason why we are focused so much on increasing early diagnosis is because we know that the sooner we diagnose people, the more likely they are to have a successful outcome from cancer treatment.
We are seeing improvements in cancer survival.
For instance, in 2010, two thirds of people would survive for one year after a cancer diagnosis; now the figure is three quarters.
The NHS is working very hard on further improving cancer diagnosis, and we have reduced the number of people waiting more than 62 days since the pandemic by over a third.
What steps he is taking to increase awareness of (a) cervical screening and (b) ovarian cancer.
We are catching more cancers early than ever before, and work to raise awareness of cancer signs and symptoms, screening programmes and investment in early diagnosis are all playing their part.
We fund community events to raise awareness of ovarian cancer, and NHS England is working to increase cervical screening take-up by providing more convenient appointments, including at weekends and evenings.