On the one hand, cervical screening is incredibly important and very effective at saving lives from cervical cancer—we estimate that it saves around 5,000 lives per year.
There is no evidence to support a screening programme for ovarian cancer, and I will take away the hon.
Lady’s question about whether there should be communications about that when people go for a cervical smear.
What steps he is taking to tackle vaping by young people.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a point of concern across the House that we recognise.
That is why we have already taken action, through £3 million to crack down on those selling vapes illegally to children, closing the loophole that allowed free samples to be offered to children, and our call for evidence, so that we can examine what further measures we can take, particularly on the concerns about disposable vapes, which are prevalent among children.
That is helpful, but Labour proposed a new clause to the Health and Care Bill that would have given the Government the primary powers needed to stop the use of sweet names such as gummy bears and Skittles, bright colours and cartoon characters on packaging and labelling of e-cigarettes.
The Minister will agree that such promotion aimed directly at young people is highly unacceptable and takes us back to the worst days of cigarette advertising.
If the Government are so committed to acting in this space, why did they vote down that new clause?
As I say, we have already taken action.
We took measures in April, and the Prime Minister announced further measures in May.
We are keen to follow the evidence.
That is why we have had a call for evidence.
The ministerial team are looking extremely closely at this, and we will take further action to clamp down on something that we all recognise is a risk to children, which is why we are acting on it.
Vapes are smoking-cessation products; they are not confectionery to be sold to children or a way of replacing one generation hooked on nicotine with another.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the progress that the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has made on licensing e-cigarettes and other inhaled nicotine-containing products as medicines, which would put out a strong message that vaping is a dangerous pastime?
As a former Health Minister, my hon.
Friend is well aware of the risks posed by vaping.
As the chief medical officer has said, “If you smoke, vaping is much safer; if you don’t smoke, don’t vape”.
That is why we are toughening up the regime.
We are also working with industry as part of our call for evidence, but we are clear on the need to go further.
That is exactly what we will do.