The Minister is fully aware of Bupa’s decision to close its dental clinic in York, at Holgate Park.
I put on record my thanks to him for working with me to find a solution for those constituents affected by the decision.
What is being done to reassess out-of-date dental contracts, so that we can ensure that increased demand is met and that my constituents get the access to dental care that they deserve?
We are taking action, which is why the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend the Member for Harborough met my hon.
Friend recently.
In his area of Humber and North Yorkshire, there has been an increase in the number of children seen by NHS dentists over the previous 12 months, so the picture is improving, but we recognise that there is more to do; that is why we have made a number of reforms to the dental contract and why we will announce further plans shortly.
A recent freedom of information request by the Labour party revealed that mental health patients were left waiting more than 5.4 million hours for treatment in A&E last year.
Last week, one of my constituents spent five days in A&E waiting for a bed on a psychiatric ward.
When will the Government bring an end to this shameful situation?
We are taking significant action on mental health, which is why we are investing £2.3 billion more, compared with four years ago.
We have targeted measures as part of our urgent and emergency care recovery plan, including 100 mental health ambulances.
We are putting in additional capacity, such as crisis cafés, to support emergency departments.
We are also making mental health support available through 111 for the first time, which will allow us to get to issues early, before people are admitted to hospital.
I was delighted when the Government awarded Stockton a new £25 million diagnostic hub, but my local Labour council, which is a partner in delivering the project, appears happy to accept months of delays in completing it.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s delays could cost lives?
Will he work with me to ensure that all partners understand the urgency of the project?
That is hugely frustrating, because I know how hard my hon.
Friend campaigned for the Stockton community diagnostic centre and that he recognises the urgency of increasing diagnostic capacity locally.
Delivery plans have to be agreed at a local level, so I urge Stockton council to work with him to meet the ambitious timeline and get Stockton CDC open as soon as possible.
A recent report by the Trussell Trust warns that people facing hunger are more likely to be affected by spiralling debt and a decline in their physical and mental health.
The same report shows that one in seven people in the UK faced hunger in the last year due to a lack of money.
Will the Minister make representations to his colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions about increasing support for low-income households, thereby improving public health outcomes for all?
It is to protect public health that we have provided cost of living support worth £3,300 on average per household, and that is why we have been paying about half of people’s average electricity and other energy bills.
However, we always look at further things we can do to drive improvements in public health.
What steps is the Department taking to prevent chronic kidney disease, given that the recent report published by Kidney Research UK predicts a significant rise in cases of kidney failure in 10 years’ time?
In the last three years, the National Institute for Health and Care Research has invested more than £30 million in kidney disease research.
NHS England is following a   national approach to reduce healthcare inequalities, with a specific focus on some of the risk factors for kidney disease, such as chronic respiratory disease.
As diabetes is the most common cause of kidney disease, it will be a focus of our major conditions strategy.
Four in 10 people who visit low vision clinics have been diagnosed with clinical depression.
It is vital that blind and partially sighted people have access to psychological therapies throughout their sight loss journey to address the impacts.
However, National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance does not include psychological support in the eye care pathway.
Will the Secretary of State commit to reviewing the NICE guidance to ensure that psychological therapies are integrated into the eye care pathway?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
I would be keen to take it away and look at it to see how we can work together to pick it up.
Many of my constituents are still struggling to get NHS dental appointments, so what is happening right now—this week, this month—to increase the availability of NHS dental appointments for them?
I know how intensely my hon.
Friend is campaigning on this issue.
The amount of NHS dentistry being delivered has gone up by a fifth over the last year, partly as a result of the reforms we are already rolling out.
He will have seen in the workforce plan that we are going to increase training places for dentists by 40% so that we have the NHS dentists we need.
However, that is not all we will do, and our forthcoming dental plan will take further steps.
We have known for a while that our life expectancy is shorter than it was in 2010.
However, we are now seeing impacts on children in the UK, who are about 7 cm shorter at five compared, for example, with the children of our neighbours in Holland.
What is the Secretary of State doing on this issue, and will he support the all-party parliamentary group on health in all policies in assessing the impacts on health and health inequalities?
Of course we are taking action to improve public health, and that includes children’s nutrition.
That is why we are spending £150 million on healthy food schemes, such as the school fruit and vegetable scheme, the nursery milk scheme and Healthy Start.
It is also why we are investing £330 million a year in school sport and the PE premium and a further £300 million through the youth investment fund.
We will continue to take action on this key issue.
I am delighted that a new diagnostic centre is shortly to be built at our terrific Woking Community Hospital, very close to Woking town centre.
Does the Minister agree that providing state-of-the-art diagnostic care right in the heart of the community can cut NHS waiting lists, reduce carbon emissions and, most importantly, help to optimise health outcomes for patients?
Not only do I agree, but I have been with my hon.
Friend to see this scheme at first hand.
He has championed the scheme vociferously and helped to secure that investment for his constituents.
I look forward to working with him to ensure it is delivered as quickly as possible.
Plans to remove overnight primary care clinicians from Westmorland General Hospital three nights a week are a massive risk to our community and mean that, overnight, people will be reliant on Barrow or Penrith for an out-of-hours doctor.
Will the Secretary of State instruct the ICB to intervene to protect people in South Lakeland from this massive reduction in the quality and accessibility of services?
Some of us remember when the Lib Dems were for greater localism.
One of the things we are looking at is how to empower commissioners, on a place-based basis, to make decisions on where best to place services.
We need to move more services into the community upstream, to address the frail elderly before they get to hospital and to have more community services.
I am happy to look at the specific issue the hon.
Gentleman raises, but I would have thought the Lib Dems would support the general trend of empowering integrated commissioning systems to make place-based decisions.
Several important pharmacies in my constituency, including the one in Hawkhurst, have been experiencing pressures, with long queues of customers sometimes going outside the door.
It is said that access to trained pharmacists is proving very challenging.
Will the Secretary of State comment on the situation and say what steps he might be able to take to alleviate the pressure?
There are a number of measures in the primary care recovery plan, from how we better use the skills mix within pharmacies to how we deregulate some of the tasks that take up pharmacists’ time, such as the requirement for a pharmacist to be present after drugs have already been prepared or to clip out tablets because they do not match the number prescribed by a GP.
There are a number of areas in which we can better use the skills mix, and there are areas where we can take load off pharmacists.
We are also funding additional services through Pharmacy First to support the pharmacy model.
The number of deaths increased by 13.5% in December 2022, particularly around influenza and pneumonia—up by 26.2%—so York’s public health team want to know what the Government are going to do about winter planning and when.
We set out comprehensive plans for winter preparation in the urgent and emergency recovery plan.
Similar to what I said a moment ago, this includes making much better use of community schemes, particularly those targeted at the frail elderly, and making better use of technology through schemes such as virtual wards.
It has also put additional bed capacity into hospitals, with more than £1 billion of funding for 5,000 more permanent beds to help alleviate the pressure on bed occupancy and get flow through hospitals, which is so important to addressing the pressure on ambulances.