Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend NHC Kingsport on their outstanding achievements in healthcare and their recent recognition as the 2022 NHC Center of the Year.
Located in Kingsport, Tennessee, NHC Kingsport is a vital 60-bed healthcare center that has steadfastly served the Tri-Cities and surrounding communities for many years.
Their commitment to quality patient care and family support is a testament to the positive impact that dedicated healthcare professionals can make in the lives of those they serve.
Under the proficient leadership of Administrator Debbie Hubbard and Director of Nursing Eva Grapperhaus, NHC Kingsport has flourished.
Ms. Hubbard and 
Ms. Grapperhaus have held their respective positions since the center's opening in 2014.
Notably, 
Ms. Hubbard was also recognized as the 2019 NHC Administrator of the Year.
NHC Kingsport is distinguished as a CMS 5-Star Center, a prestigious rating that signifies it ranks within the top 10 percent of all skilled nursing centers.
Additionally, in 2022, NHC Kingsport was recognized as an NHC 5-Star Center of Excellence, boasting an exemplary Consumer View score of 96.82 percent, a Patient Care Component of 96.75 percent, a pressure ulcer rate of only 0.59 percent, and a net patient satisfaction score of 68 percent.
Their consistency in excellence is demonstrated by NHC Kingsport being ranked among the top 10 in the NHC Center of the Year rankings for the past six years.
Moreover, they have received numerous NHC Honor Club and Legends Awards, further solidifying their standing as a paragon in the healthcare industry.
National HealthCare Corporation, based in Murfreesboro, TN, operates 68 healthcare centers and nearly 8,500 beds across the Nation.
Their comprehensive services include assisted living, home care, hospice, mentai health, pharmacy, insurance, and management services.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating NHC Kingsport for their unwavering dedication to providing the highest level of care to their patients.
Their achievements are not only a credit to the city of Kingsport, but a shining example for healthcare centers throughout our great Nation.