Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a bill that would expand the mission of the National Park Service (NPS) to include active use of National Park System units located in urban areas.
The idea for this bill came from a new report authored by George Washington University's Sumner M. Redstone Global Center for Prevention and Wellness that examined strategies to create a more equitable and activated park system in the District.
As the report notes, NPS parks in D.C. are ``inconsistently managed and inequitably maintained'' and ``do not meet the needs of people who both live near and experience the park system as a part of their daily lives.''
Efforts to activate and improve local parks have been hindered by limitations on NPS's statutory authority.
NPS's primary mission is to preserve spaces for the enjoyment of future generations.
This noble mission was crafted for the purpose of wilderness preservation, allowing nature to remain untouched by time.
However, in addition to grand national parks, NPS also owns neighborhood parks in urban areas.
For example, more than 20 percent of D.C. land consists of parkland, and NPS owns nearly 90 percent of it, over two-thirds of which is local, neighborhood parks, smaller than one acre.
These parks could benefit from improvements that prioritize community engagement, including trails, playgrounds and benches.
However, NPS's mission is limited to preserving land as it currently exists.
This mission is illsuited to address the unique and immediate needs of urban neighborhood parks.
This bill would expand the mission of NPS to include the promotion of active use of its parks located in urban areas.
Active use prioritizes current enjoyment by people and improves quality of life, including playgrounds, pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly infrastructure, sports and recreation facilities, community events, programming and concessions.
This expanded mission would only apply to parks located in areas that have been defined and designated as ``urban'' in the most recent decennial census by the Secretary of Commerce, and would not impact wilderness areas.
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.