Mr. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, last month, I joined my Equality Caucus colleagues in recognizing Pride Month--an opportunity to honor the LGBTQ+ community, celebrate the developments we have made, and acknowledge the work that has yet to be done.
We have made remarkable progress towards full equality since LGBTQ+ patrons fought back against discrimination and police harassment at the Stonewall Inn in June of 1969.
Acceptance of this community has reached important heights, marriage equality is the law of the land, and the Supreme Court has made clear that workers cannot be fired because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Since entering Congress, I have had the distinct privilege of voting to pass the Equality Act to prohibit discrimination, the NO HATE Act to respond to hate crimes, the Global Respect Act to deny visas to those who commit human rights abuses against LGBTQ+ folks, and much more.
As a lifelong friend of the LGBTQ+ community and a Member of Congress committed to the pursuit of global tolerance, I know we still have so much work to do.
Hundreds of anti-LGBTQ+ bills have been introduced in the states in recent legislative sessions, and many have been signed into law.
Many of these laws target young people, and especially trans and nonbinary youth.
Furthermore, I have been disgusted and infuriated by comments that I have heard from some of my colleagues across the aisle on the House Education and Workforce Committee during recent activity--those who wish to delegitimize the gender identities of our youth and strip LGBTQ+ students of their rights, resources, and humanity.
Our kids are suffering, and I will not stand for it.
To everyone in this beautiful community: know that I see you, I love you, and we have a big circle over here on Capitol Hill that will never let intolerance--even and especially in the highest levels of government--go unchallenged.
Too many of our LGBTQ+ family, friends, coworkers, and loved ones face discrimination every day, all across the nation.
Continuing to pass pro-equality legislation sends a powerful message to members of the LGBTQ+ community that they are not second-class citizens.
Every human deserves to live as their most authentic self, and every American requires equal treatment under the law.
You deserve to feel safe when on public transportation, in the workplace, in the doctor's office, and in the classroom.
No exceptions.
Going forward from this year's pride month, I will continue the fight to ensure that LGBTQ+ Americans are safe, secure, and free from discrimination.