The overwhelming majority of those at the international energy summit last week said that the transition to low-carbon energy is crucial to energy security.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that those in this Chamber and beyond who do not support the transition to low-carbon energy are playing fast and loose with this country’s energy security?
That is absolutely the case.
It was heartening to see so many countries and so many representatives from business come together at the conference last week.
We are showing global leadership on this issue.
We know it is the way forward in terms of our energy security, and not putting us at the mercy of dictators and petrostates.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his support.
Given the sheer scale of the outages in Portugal and Spain over the past few days, is it likely that the conference will consider and possibly conclude that there is some correlation between the obsession with net zero and what happened in Portugal and Spain?
First of all, I am sure the whole House will want to send support to Spain and Portugal following the incidents yesterday.
There were no effects in the UK, but we will continue to closely monitor the situation and any lessons learned from this event.
I am not going to speculate as to its causes, but we do need to ensure that our own systems are as resilient as possible.
What steps he is taking to establish international leadership on climate change.
What steps he is taking to establish international leadership on climate change.
International leadership on climate change is critical for this Government, which is why we announced a world-leading nationally determined contribution at COP29 and were at the heart of negotiations during the summit.
I have been working extensively with international counterparts to ensure maximum ambition from countries around the world at COP30, and look forward to further engagement.
I recently received letters from year 4 children at SS Peter and Paul primary school expressing concern over the impact of climate change on their futures, mentioning the extreme weather and the destruction of our natural habitats for our wildlife.
The UK’s 10 warmest years on record have all occurred since 2002, and 2022 was the UK’s hottest year, with temperatures exceeding 40° for the first time.
Despite being eight to nine years old, they gave suggestions for how the Government could help by providing cleaner sources of energy, such as making solar panels more affordable.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me and those pupils that we are doing everything we can to be a world leader in tackling climate change and to sustain the future for our children?
I am glad to hear that the children at SS Peter and Paul primary school are taking such an interest in this issue.
I can assure them that we are doing all we can to make Britain a clean energy superpower, such as lifting the onshore wind ban and setting up Great British Energy, and we are protecting nature too.
We are also committed to engaging more with young people, and I will make sure my hon.
Friend is kept informed of our plans.
It is welcome indeed to see the Government now playing a leading role internationally on climate action through the global clean power alliance, especially after a decade of failure that left us exposed to soaring gas prices.
It is also great to see the Secretary of State standing up to climate deniers in this House, whose hostility to net zero would keep bills high and cost areas like mine the jobs and investment that they need.
One area where we need strong leadership is on funding climate action fairly.
In the coming days, I will be introducing a Bill to make the biggest polluters pay for the action we need both at home and abroad.
I do not expect the Minister or the Secretary of State to comment on a Bill they have not seen, but will the Secretary of State commit to a meeting between his Department and a broad group of charities and non-governmental organisations working to ensure fair and just climate financing?