Voters “feel they’re being asked to make financial sacrifices…when they know that their impact on global emissions is minimal… Present policy solutions are inadequate and…therefore unworkable…
The current approach isn’t working…
Any strategy based on either ‘phasing out’ fossil fuels in the short term or limiting consumption is a strategy doomed to fail.”
Does the Secretary of State agree with his former boss Tony Blair?
The shadow Minister talks about the Tony Blair Institute report.
I agree with a lot of what it says.
It says that we should move ahead on carbon capture and storage, which the Government are doing.
It says that we should move ahead on the role of artificial intelligence, which the Government are doing.
It says that we should move ahead on nuclear, which the Government are doing.
The shadow Minister said only three weeks ago, after his party dropped its net zero policy—this will surprise people, Mr Speaker— Order.
No, Secretary of State.
This is topical questions; I do not need a full statement.
To be honest, I was looking forward to hearing what I said a few weeks ago, Mr Speaker.
It is okay for the Secretary of State to admit when he is wrong.
As Tony Blair said yesterday, this strategy is “doomed to fail.”
Why can the Secretary of State not see what the GMB and Tony Blair see, which is that clean power 2030 is doomed to fail and it is time for a change of approach?
That is not what the report says.
The shadow Minister is talking absolute nonsense.
The point I was going to make was that he said: “Look, nobody’s saying that net zero was a mistake.
Net zero in the round was the eminently sensible thing to do.”
Those are not my words but his.
Some people say that the Tory party has only one policy.
Actually, it has two: it is against net zero and, through the shadow Minister, it is for net zero.
North West Leicestershire has been at the forefront of industry for generations.
Now, leading global companies such as ABB are investing locally, and our focus on energy efficiency is leading the way to net zero.
Apprenticeships are a core part of that.
How will our Government encourage apprenticeships in that sector in order to meet our net zero targets and support young people into the good-quality jobs of the future?
The Office for Clean Energy Jobs is focused on developing a skilled workforce in core energy and net zero sectors that are critical to meeting our mission to make the UK a clean energy superpower.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I are working with Skills England to assess skill needs and engaging with the Department for Education on apprenticeships and the wider growth and skills offer.