Through my work on the Select Committee, I have heard repeated concerns from industry leaders that existing workers in their 50s and 60s see no point in retraining because they believe they will see out their careers supporting old technologies.
That has a knock-on impact on young entrants to the workforce, who have traditionally learnt their skills from more experienced workers.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps he is taking to incentivise retraining to support growth in the renewable energy sector?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
That is why we are working with the Department for Education to make sure we do not just have a clean power plan that will help to create hundreds of thousands of jobs across the country and invest in supply chains, which I talked about earlier, but crucially offer opportunities  for younger workers and inspire them about the possibilities that are available, and create opportunities for older workers, too.
All that work is ongoing in Government.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the UK’s priorities for the UN Climate Change Conference 2025.
We are working closely with the Brazilian presidency to support a high-ambition outcome at COP30 in Belém which reflects the scale of the challenge and our shared 1.5° goal.
That includes ambitious new nationally determined contributions and the effective implementation of the global stocktake commitments, as well as action on issues such as tackling deforestation and methane emissions.
It was encouraging to see the Prime Minister’s commitment to going further and faster towards net zero at the international energy summit last week, because not taking action on climate change will cost us much more.
Does the Minister agree that clean energy is not only good for the planet, but can give my constituents in Bedford and Kempston energy security and lower bills?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Other countries are looking to us.
The conference last week was a good example of us being back in the business of global leadership.
Whether it is through the Global Clean Power Alliance or our national mission to be a clean energy superpower, we are spearheading the transition because it is cheaper, cleaner and more secure.
His constituents will benefit from that too.