I associate myself with the comments that have already made, reflecting on the grief of the communities torn apart last week.
Tuesday’s horrific murders were utterly devastating, and those responsible must face the full weight of the law.
The escalation of tensions between India and Pakistan is alarming, as are reports of incidents of fire being exchanged by soldiers at the border, and it threatens to destabilise the entire region.
It is vital that leaders in both countries commit to an open dialogue and wider efforts to de-escalate.
We hope that that includes India committing to reinstate the Indus waters treaty, the suspension of which threatens water access for Pakistanis, and Pakistan reopening its airspace to Indian-owned airlines.
The UK must engage with both Governments and encourage a return to dialogue and a retreat from retaliatory action to ensure that decisions taken in the wake of Tuesday’s horrific attack do not endanger more lives.
Can the Minister confirm what conversations he has had with officials in New Delhi on reinstating the Indus waters treaty and with officials in Islamabad on reopening its airspace?
It is vital that effective channels of engagement to safeguard stability in the region exist, and we are encouraging both parties to that effect.
There has been a lot of speculation about the diplomatic measures that have been announced so far.
As we understand it, international agreements have been put in abeyance, rather than being rescinded.
In the long term, the proper functioning of water management in the Indus water catchment area is vital for both sides of the line.
The whole House is united in its condemnation of the horrific attack that killed 26 people in Pahalgam, Kashmir.
It has rightly been condemned by all in the region, and we must now see a full and independent investigation where  those responsible are brought to justice.
The response from the Indian Government has been somewhat concerning, with unilateral action taken to revoke the Indus waters treaty, risking the lives and livelihoods of millions in Pakistan.
We are now hearing reports of crackdowns in Kashmir, with 1,500 people rounded up by the police and bulldozer tactics used on households.
Hard-line groups have issued statements promising reprisal attacks, death threats and action against every Muslim in India.
Kashmir continues to be a flashpoint between the two nuclear neighbours, so does the Minister agree that the international community must now seriously focus on de-escalation and long-term peace in the region?
Can he also set out what the Government are doing to ensure that Kashmiris do not face further persecution or oppression?
This is clearly a time of heightened tensions, which inevitably invites concern both in the region and here in the UK.
We are, as I said, engaged with both states to try to find the most effective way to prevent these terrible incidents from ever being repeated, but also to ensure continued stability in the region.
I asked at business questions last week for a statement on this issue this week, so I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for making sure that we have that statement through this urgent question.
The reality of this terrorist attack, which was well organised and well co-ordinated, is that, despite the Minister’s words, these 26 men who were murdered systematically by being shot in the head were either Hindu or Christian.
This was a deliberate Islamist attack on those tourists who were just going about their business in a peaceful manner.
These terrorists were well equipped, and they were well co-ordinated.
The sad reality is that while the Government may offer expressions of condolence and support to the people of India, the terrorist bases that exist along the line of control in the part of Kashmir illegally occupied by Pakistan continue to operate across that line of control.
Will the Government commit to full support for India in apprehending the terrorists responsible and bringing the backers of those terrorists to justice?
Will the Government take all steps to support the erosion and elimination of terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir?
The hon.
Gentleman has come to have an argument, but I am not sure which part of the statement he did not like.
Until the investigation is concluded, we should not speculate on the nature of the attack.
I say to him that will do everything we can to ensure that those who committed this horrific attack are brought to justice, and India will have our support in that.
I share in the comments made in this House.
We are horrified by this terrorist attack, and my thoughts are with the families, the victims and those in India.
We have seen worrying scenes play out in London, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Smethwick (Gurinder Singh Josan)  mentioned.
We cannot let the situation escalate on to UK shores.
We all bear a responsibility to help de-escalate tensions.
What steps is the UK taking to support international bodies, especially the United Nations, in their calls for a de-escalation in tensions?
As I have said, we have spoken at the senior level to both states, and we have made clear the importance of maintaining stability in the region at this time.
I echo the words of condemnation over the horrific terror attacks in Pahalgam, which took the lives of 26 innocent tourists.
I express my heartfelt condolences to all those who have been affected.
The rapid escalation of events following this tragedy has been deeply worrying.
India’s unfounded claims against Pakistan are a dangerous and irresponsible reaction to the tragedy suffered in Kashmir.
The unilateral and illegal decision to suspend the Indus waters treaty threatens to cut the lifeline of 200 million people in Pakistan, and it cannot stand.
Will the Minister join me in expressing concern over the knife-edge position that these two nations are in and call for adherence to the guidance set under international bodies of law?
Will he make a plea to calm the situation?
If it is exacerbated, it will have severe consequences that spread much further than that region alone.
I think I have set out our views on the importance of stability in the region already this afternoon.
I agree with the hon.
Member that it is critical for all actors and international partners to ensure the long-term sustainability of the Indus river system.