The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department’s policies of recent trends in levels of standing charges for electricity bills.
We know that consumers are frustrated by standing charges, which is why we are committed to lowering them.
Ofgem has been consulting on introducing a zero standing charge tariff that would shift the costs on to unit rates.
The consultation has now closed, and we will be working with Ofgem to take this forward.
Has the Department assessed whether the rising standing charges are discouraging residents in our constituencies from switching to heat pumps and electric vehicles because they are concerned about the fixed costs that will come with them?
There are fixed costs within standing charges relating to, for instance, the cost of maintaining and upgrading networks, which we have to cover, but we recognise the imbalance between the price that people are paying for electricity and the price that they are paying for gas.
We are committed to dealing with that imbalance, because we think it right that consumers can transition to clean heat.
That is the way in which we reduce the amount of energy we use and, critically, that is the way in which we reduce bills.
What steps he is taking to support job creation in the renewable energy sector.
What steps he is taking to support job creation in the renewable energy sector.
Since the last oral questions in March, the Government have consented to the Rampion 2 offshore wind farm, creating 4,000 jobs; reached the final investment decision on the HyNet carbon capture, utilisation and storage cluster, creating 2,000 jobs; invested £300 million, through Great British Energy, in UK clean energy supply chains; shortlisted 27 hydrogen companies for hydrogen allocation round 2; and created a new £100 million fusion investment fund.
This Government are building the clean energy future in Britain.
The reason I was here on that Saturday when Parliament was recalled is because some of the mightiest structures in the North sea were made from British steel at the Nigg yard.
On the question of renewables, may I ask the Secretary of State what we are doing about getting out the skills to fabricate floating offshore wind structures in the United Kingdom?
That is very much part of our plans.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, in March we announced the provision of more than £55 million for the expansion of Port of Cromarty Firth to create offshore wind supply chains in this country, and last week, along with GB Energy, we announced that investment of £300 million in supply chains.
We are determined not just to generate offshore wind in Britain, but to take advantage of the huge economic opportunity that it represents.
I hear what the Secretary of State is saying, but Scotland’s declining oil and gas industries have lost 40% of their jobs in the past decade, and today Grangemouth has warned that it may have to pause important projects involving a switch to greener and more sustainable forms of energy because of what it describes as soaring energy bills and the pressures of income tax.
We know that Grangemouth needs investment, but it also needs more than the Government are doing at the moment.
What intervention are they planning to protect jobs and the communities that could be hollowed out if Grangemouth is not saved?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we inherited this situation from the last Government, but we set aside £200 million to build the future in Grangemouth and we are working closely with the Scottish Government on precisely that, in a Government-to-Government collaboration.
As for the hon.
Lady’s wider question about industrial energy prices, we should obviously look at what different sectors are saying.
A lot of nonsense is being talked about steel.
UK Steel has said categorically that the difference between our prices and those of continental Europe is a result of our reliance on natural gas power generation.
[Interruption.]
Opposition Members say “Rubbish”, but that is what UK Steel has said, and that is why our clean power mission is right for families and right for business.
Today marks the end of more than a century of refining at Grangemouth.
Scotland is once again a victim of  industrial vandalism and devastation—and I do not want anyone in this Chamber to dare mention a “just transition”, because we all know that the Conservatives when they were in power, and the Scottish National party currently in Holyrood, have done nothing to avert this catastrophic decision.
I put it to the Secretary of State that during the general election campaign the Labour leadership said that they would step in and save the jobs at the refinery.
What has changed, and why have we not done the sensible thing for Scotland’s energy security?
My hon.
Friend is talking about a very important issue, and Grangemouth has a very important role in Scotland.
What I will say to him and to others is that as soon as this Government saw the situation that they had inherited, they put money in to help the workers, and they have made that huge investment commitment of £200 million, working hand in hand with the Scottish Government, so that we can build the future in Grangemouth.
We are absolutely committed to building the future for Grangemouth communities, and we look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and other Members on both sides of the House to do that.
Yesterday was International Workers’ Memorial Day.
At a service this weekend in Falkirk, a Grangemouth refinery worker rightly called for oil and gas workers’ skills not to be considered obsolete, but utterly essential for the just transition.
What consideration have Ministers given to the urgent policy recommendations in Project Willow to provide accelerated investment in clean energy infrastructure and the jobs it promises for Grangemouth?
My hon.
Friend, who is also a really powerful advocate for his constituents, is absolutely right.
Project Willow was left on the shelf by the previous Government.
We put the money in to take Project Willow forward and we are now going to implement it.
Absolutely crucial to that is ensuring the skills of oil and gas workers are properly used in the future, including with the skills passport which also lay dormant under the previous Government and which we are powering ahead with.