Several times now, I have asked Ministers to rule out aligning the British carbon price with the European one and each time they have refused to do so.
They have already abandoned their promise to cut energy bills by £300 a year, but alignment would increase wholesale costs and therefore increase bills for every family in the country.
Can the Minister, at last, be straight with the public and tell us whether the Government plan to match the European carbon price—yes, or no?
We are engaging with industry on this matter.
The Confederation of British Industry and Energy UK are clear that they should support alignment, but we are looking at that.
Ultimately, we are doing everything that we can to bear down on energy costs in this country.
That is why we are sprinting to clean power.
We inherited an absolutely atrocious legacy from the Conservative party, which allowed businesses and consumers to bear the price of a broken system.
We will not make the same mistakes, which is why we are cracking on with the job.
I think we are getting closer to the Government admitting their secret plan.
As soon as the local elections are done, Labour is going to sell out to Europe, and the result will be higher bills for British families.
But there is more: the EU is expanding carbon pricing to include transport and heating emissions, so alignment with the expanded scheme would mean extra taxes on every British family for driving their cars and heating their homes.
Will the Minister rule out aligning at least with the expanded scheme and say no to new taxes on everyday life—yes or no?
I am absolutely disappointed by the Conservatives.
I should expect more, but maybe I need to get used to being disappointed.
We saw the press release a week ago, and it has had no publicity because it is a Conservative party scare story.
It is absolute nonsense.
The Government are serious about bearing down on the cost of energy for businesses, and we are getting on with the serious work of doing that.
I suggest that the Conservatives get a grip and join us in that task.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the clean energy transition on workers.
We firmly believe that the clean energy transition is the economic opportunity of the 21st century.
In recent weeks, we have secured thousands of new jobs in carbon capture, offshore wind and British supply chains.
As we transform the way we power our country, we are determined to ensure that communities across our country benefit from good jobs and good wages.
That is what our clean energy mission is all about.