As another Member of this House who voted in 2014 to recognise the state of Palestine in a motion that this House passed, I will say that progress on this matter is long overdue.
I hope the Minister has heard loud and clear the message from many of us that continuing to delay that is problematic.
The right hon.
Member for New Forest West (Sir Desmond Swayne)  might be surprised that I agree with him: there is a concern about what will be left of the state of Palestine.
Despite the existence of theogenic technology, Israeli forces are now burning to the ground the agricultural fields in northern Gaza in apparent pursuit of the tunnels that Hamas are using for their terrorist attacks.
We know that nearly 4,000 children in Gaza have been diagnosed as suffering from acute malnutrition.
We all desperately want to see aid resuming to Palestine, because we know that there is no future for any state if people are starving to death.
Will the Minister update us on the practical details he discussed last night with the Palestinian Authority about how we will get food back into Gaza and get movement in this process?
Just for the record, in case Hansard did not pick that up, that was Jenny the dog crossing the Floor, not a Member of Parliament.
I am sure  the hon.
Member for Torbay (Steve Darling)  is grateful to you for that clarification, Madam Deputy Speaker, even if I am not, as Jenny would always be most welcome on this side of the House.
I hope that I have reassured the hon.
Gentleman that we do have the legislation required to act.
I would be very happy to report to the House on the reasons why we would not do that.
I am sure the hon.
Lady will allow me to write to her separately to set out how I intend for us to do that.
It seems to be a reasonable request.
Returning to my original point, the current drafting would mean that DWP can compel information of that kind from private landlords or estate agents, but not from housing associations.
There is an inequity there that we are seeking to address with the amendments, clarifying the drafting and continuing to protect the personal information of service users of crisis support or advocacy services.
The Bill also brings forward new information-gathering powers that govern how DWP-authorised officers can compel information to support an investigation into fraud.
It also sets out where information must not be compelled—for example, to protect the long-standing principle of legal professional privilege.
Separately, the Bill brings forward powers of entry, search and seizure for DWP-authorised investigators, those tasked with investigating the most serious cases of fraud.
It does that by bringing those authorised investigators under the remit of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 in England and Wales, and by creating similar powers in  Scotland for DWP-authorised investigators.
That ensures that those investigators are governed by a similar legal framework to other law enforcement bodies that are granted access to use those types of powers.
Government amendment 41 seeks to ensure that the exemptions to information that DWP-authorised officers can compel are not applicable to authorised investigators when using powers of entry, search and seizure.
Government amendment 45 mirrors that provision for the PSFA.
Those amendments will support effective fraud investigation, as without access, crucial evidence might remain out of reach, slowing down our response to fraud.
Those exemptions are important, but the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, which applies in England and Wales, already provides such restrictions and safeguards by only enabling that information to be compelled with the approval of the courts, coupled with similar conventions that apply for Scotland.
The amendment ensures that there is no duplication.
The powers in the Bill remain in line with existing conventions, as set out in PACE, and correctly reflect the norms of the Scottish legal system.
Turning to Government amendments 61 to 66, paragraph 10 of schedule 3ZD currently refers to definitions within PACE in relation to special procedure material, confidential professional material, excluded material and items subject to legal privilege.
Government amendments 63 and 51 set out specific definitions to avoid linking provisions that relate solely to Scotland with existing legislation that applies to England and Wales.
This also ensures that legal privilege and “items subject to legal privilege” references contained in the schedule are correctly defined for Scotland.
Government amendments 61, 62, 64, 65 and 66 are consequential to amendment 63.
Government amendments 47 and 48 ensure that the powers for the DWP under PACE taken by the Bill in schedule 4 are aligned with those of the police and other Government Departments, such as HMRC, and provide a clear legal framework for what evidence can be seized and how it should be handled.
Government amendments 47 and 48 mean that DWP-authorised investigators, such as the police, can seize items that  are reasonably believed to be evidence of an offence,  not just DWP-related offences, when undertaking entry, search and seizure activities in England and Wales.
This will mean that potential evidence of any other offence, if discovered in the course of a search, can be preserved and may be seized where it is considered necessary to prevent it from being destroyed or moved.
The amendments ensure that the law is clear on how it must be handled and transferred to the most appropriate law enforcement agency in England and Wales.
Government amendments 49, 50 and 59 make similar provisions for authorised investigators in Scotland to those I have just described for England and Wales.
Government amendments 57 and 58 clarify how authorised investigators can prevent access to seized evidence from any offence if it may prejudice criminal proceedings in Scotland, by amending the definition of “offence” in schedule 3ZD inserted by schedule 4 of this Act.
This mirrors the same provisions that are already in the Bill as it applies to England and Wales.
Government amendments 53, 54, 55 and 56 are all minor and technical amendments to correct inconsistencies in terminology.
Government amendment 34 is a minor  and technical amendment to provide the correct reference to powers in the Social Security Administration Act 1992, to ensure that the powers in Scotland align with those in England and Wales.
Government amendment 52 amends the period of time in which a warrant must be exercised to Scotland from three months to one month.
This corrects the Bill to ensure that it is consistent with the usual practice in Scotland.
Government amendment 70 ensures that the court has the power to order a person, having been disqualified, to provide their NI or EU driving licence, as is already the case for those holding a GB licence, under the new debt recovery powers.
The Bill as drafted would allow a DWP debtor who evades payment and holds an NI or EU licence to be disqualified from driving.
However, it inadvertently limits the court’s ability to order that person to produce their licence unless it was issued in Great Britain, undermining the power and causing administrative difficulties for the court and the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency.
Government amendment 70 corrects this and ensures parity between GB, NI and EU driving licences under the powers in schedule 6.
Government amendments 73, 74, 77, 78 and 79 ensure that the application and limitation period in clause 99 follows the policy intention that the PSFA can investigate fraud and recover debt in England and Wales.
Government amendment 44 also ensures that the DWP’s debt recovery powers in this Bill are not limited in Scotland to the usual five-year time limits in the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act 1973.
This makes it clear that the longer 20-year recovery period in Scotland applies to such provisions introduced or amended by this Bill.
As I have set out, the intent behind these amendments is to ensure the delivery of the intended policy intent or to ensure the correct territorial application of the Bill.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Tuesday 6 May .