The Minister will be aware of the switch-on of Moray West offshore wind farm at Buckie, in my constituency, last week, creating jobs, delivering clean energy and helping our nation to achieve net zero.
Does the Minister accept that the current transmission charging regime poses significant and immediate threats to investment in offshore wind in Scotland?
Will he meet me and industry representatives to explore that matter further?
We were delighted to switch on the wind farm; the Secretary of State for Scotland was there to push the button last week.
It is a fantastic example of the potential of offshore wind.
Of course, I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I have already met him, and had a very enjoyable conversation, and I am very happy to talk about the issue.
The review of the electricity market arrangements that we are going through will look at the issue of transmission charges.
It is an important conversation to have, and I am happy to speak to him on the subject.
The United Kingdom was particularly susceptible to changes in international gas prices during the energy crisis, and bills and prices soared as a result.
Under this Government, GB Energy is installing solar panels in hospitals in my Camborne, Redruth and Hayle constituency, but will the Minister remind us which party presided over the worst cost of living crisis in memory— Order.
Mr Moon, please.
You will not get called again if you carry on like that.
I am sure the Minister will know the answer.
I am delighted to remind the House that it was the Conservative party that left us with energy insecurity, and we are never going to leave this country vulnerable in the way that it did.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  said, the Government seem to have a three-point plan.
Point one is to cover farmland in solar panels, and point two is to block out the sun.
What is point three?
What is the point of the hon.
Gentleman’s party?
I have been contacted by several constituents who have experienced failed ECO4 scheme installations.
What support is there for constituents when installations go wrong?
Are rogue installers getting paid for work that is not completed properly?
What steps are being taken to address such failures?
We are aware of issues that we have had with ECO4 and the Great British insulation scheme.
If constituents have been affected, they should have received a letter from Ofgem.
They should be able to contact their installer, who is obliged to fix the work, and there is a clear redress mechanism.
There is a wider point: we know that the system for quality assurance and consumer redress is not fit for purpose and we are determined to overhaul it.
In the 1970s, global warmists wanted to put black dust on the Arctic to block the sun.
Now the Minister wants to put black dust on clouds to block the sun again.
Is his plan not bonkers?
£50 million of taxpayer’s money has been spent, which will only put up energy prices even further.
This is like conspiracy theories gone mad.
I feel like we have entered a whacky world.
Let us keep our eyes on the prize.
As a country, we are vulnerable because of our exposure to fossil fuels.
This Government have one mission alone: to get clean, home-grown power, so that we take back control.
(Urgent Question): Will the Minister make a statement on the killing of 26 people in Pahalgam in Kashmir and the increasing tension between India and Pakistan?
The horrific terrorist attack in Pahalgam in Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir on  22 April  was devastating.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Members must sit down, because the Minister is on his feet replying.
Our thoughts are with those affected, their loved ones and, of course, the people of India.
This attack left 26 people dead, most of whom, we understand, were tourists travelling to the region.
Following the attack, India has announced a number of diplomatic measures against Pakistan, and Pakistan has reciprocated.
The official UK travel advice for Indian-administered Kashmir continues to advise against all travel to Jammu and Kashmir, except for travel by air to the city of Jammu, travel within the city, and travel within the union territory of Ladakh.
This is a very sensitive situation, with real risks to regional and wider stability.
Understandably, there has been huge interest within UK communities.
Kashmir has been a flashpoint for conflict between India and Pakistan many times over previous decades.
The Prime Minister spoke to Prime Minister Modi on  25 April  to express his condolences on behalf of the British people.
The UK condemns all forms of terrorism and the extremism that sustains it, wherever it occurs.
The Foreign Secretary spoke to India’s External Affairs Minister Jaishankar on  27 April  to pass on the UK’s condolences and to express the UK Government’s support to the Indian people at this difficult time.
The Foreign Secretary has also spoken over the weekend to Pakistan’s Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister, Ishaq Dar.
Heightened tensions between India and Pakistan inevitably raise concerns about escalation.
Effective channels of engagement to safeguard stability in the region are essential.
The UK supported the UN Security Council press statement on  25 April , which condemned the attack and reaffirmed that acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable.
The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, taking into account the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
It is not for the UK to prescribe a solution.
We will continue to monitor the situation closely through our high commissioners in New Delhi and Islamabad.