When GB Energy was first proposed, we were told it would employ 1,000 people and create 650,000 jobs.
Fast-forward to February this year and that number has been revised down to 200 to 300, with a vague commitment to 1,000 at some point in the next 20 years.
As the general secretary of the GMB said yesterday, “they are going to open a shiny new office…on a high street full of charity shops because they are closing” the city of Aberdeen down.
GB Energy is a white elephant.
If the GMB can see it, why cannot the Minister?
Surely he agrees that the way to deliver jobs, growth and energy security and to protect communities such as Aberdeen is to lift the ban on licences, replace the energy profits levy as soon as possible and declare the North sea open for business.
I am not quite sure which one of the variety of parts in that speech the hon.
Gentleman would like me to respond to.
As usual, he steamrolls through his question faster than he ran the marathon— I congratulate him on that.
He happens to be the only person in Aberdeenshire who is against investment in his community.
When Labour Members voted to deliver investment through Great British Energy—not through jobs in the headquarters but through the investment it makes in supply chains and innovation in his city—he voted against it, and he will have to answer to his constituents for that.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
Nuclear power is a critical part of our clean power ambitions.
We are making strong progress on Sizewell C and Great British Nuclear is driving forward its small modular reactor competition.
We have also seen the nuclear regulatory taskforce set up by the Prime Minister, and we are ending the legacy of no new nuclear being completed in the 14 long years when the Conservatives were in power.
The transition to net zero is a chance to create decent, high-skilled jobs for the future.
That includes the next generation of small nuclear reactors, which could revolutionise our energy market and deliver cleaner affordable energy.
The SNP has vetoed nuclear energy projects in Scotland for almost  20 years, determined to leave Scotland behind.
Is  Scotland missing out on the economic opportunities that nuclear offers?
Planning matters, including the siting of new nuclear, are devolved to the Scottish Parliament, so it is rightly for it to decide.
However, I agree that Scotland is missing out on the huge potential of new nuclear.
If the ideological block introduced by the SNP were lifted, billions of pounds could be invested in Scotland, with the countless skilled jobs that go with that.
That could well be delivered next year if a Scottish Government are elected that take the industry and opportunity of Scotland seriously and deliver those well-paid skilled jobs—that would come by electing a Scottish Labour Government.
Data from the last year showed that Ynys Môn saw a drop of 57% in jobs linked to the nuclear industry; the worst figure for a  UK constituency.
Despite Wylfa being recognised as the best site for new nuclear in Europe, we saw no development from the last Government.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister give us the recognition and acknowledgment that Wylfa needs new nuclear and that that will be seen in the near future?
The hon.
Lady has raised with me that point and the wider question of energy jobs in her constituency a number of times, and I thank her for that and for the way she has done so.
Wylfa is an important site and continues to be one that the Government are considering.
We will take forward those decisions in due course.
As I have said to her on a number of previous occasions, we are committed to delivering the jobs that go with that and Wylfa remains an important site.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
Industrial energy prices doubled under the previous Government and industry suffered, as did consumers, when wholesale prices rocketed at the start of the Ukraine war.
The best way to secure bills for the long term—for industry, as well as for consumers—is to deliver clean power by 2030.
The truth is that the Tories ran down our energy infrastructure, just as they ran down our road and rail infrastructure and our public services.
We are rebuilding that infrastructure, making it more secure for the long term and less reliant on foreign dictators, thus giving us energy independence, good jobs and cheaper bills.
Growing the economy will need cheaper energy, but INEOS’s chief executive has warned that Labour’s crippling carbon taxes and other levies threaten UK manufacturing and make us more reliant on imports.
When will Ministers start listening and realise that their dogma-driven energy policy is costing jobs and investment, and when will they actually act to make our electricity prices more competitive?
As UK Steel said recently, the main driver of the price disparity is the wholesale electricity cost, which is driven by the UK’s reliance on natural gas.
The best way to secure bills for the long term is to deliver clean power by 2030, and that is what we are doing.
Green jobs are great jobs, and I welcome the £43 billion of private investment in clean energy since the election of this Labour Government.
In order to bring down our industrial energy prices further, what steps will the Government take to get us on to clean energy that we control and off the fossil fuels that are in the control of dictators?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the huge amount of private sector investment that is coming in with clean energy.
This is why, in the industrial strategy, clean energy is one of the growth-driving sectors where we have seen 10% growth in the economy.
We are also seeing hundreds of thousands of jobs, which the Conservatives now seem determined to oppose.
We will introduce the clean energy of the future, and that is why we are pushing for clean energy by 2030.
That will bring down bills, give us energy security and create really good quality jobs.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the resilience of the national grid against the potential disruption of offshore energy infrastructure.
Before I answer the hon.
Lady’s substantive question, I want to offer her my huge congratulations on smashing to smithereens on Sunday the previous record held by a female MP in the London marathon.
Great Britain has a highly resilient energy network with diverse sources of supply.
The national energy system operator can balance the system in a wide range of scenarios, including potential disruptions to offshore infrastructure.
The UK currently has about 15 GW of offshore wind capacity, which supplies about 17% of our energy.
In order to reach the Government’s 2030 targets, this will have to increase by three times to 40 to 50 GW in just five years, and to achieve that we will have to rely on Chinese wind infrastructure and technology.
What specific risk assessment have the Government carried out into the impact of this exposed vulnerability and reliance on China for what will be a significant amount of our energy supplies?
I will not comment on individual investment cases, but in every single case the Government make an assessment and we look at the national security implications seriously, just as the Conservatives did when they were in government.
I would just gently say that the reason the supply chains in this country are as weak as they are is that they were underfunded and under-invested for years by the Conservatives.
There could have been a decision, at the point when they took ambitious steps to move towards clean power, to build the supply chains here, but they chose not to do so; they chose to tow things into our waters instead.
We are reversing that, but it cannot happen overnight.
What steps he is taking to ensure that local authorities have adequate resources for energy efficiency upgrades for council leaseholders and social homes.
At the 2024 autumn Budget, £1.8 billion was allocated to local authorities and social housing providers, supporting them to deliver warmer and more energy-efficient homes across the country, targeting low-income households in particular.
This goes alongside our plans to raise standards in rented properties to ensure that no social or private renter has to live in a cold, draughty home.
I am pleased to see the Government’s commitment to provide thousands of low-income households with energy-efficient upgrades.
This could not have come too soon for my vulnerable constituents who are living on housing estates with outdated energy systems that sometimes leave them without hot water and heating for months on end.
Camden Council, which I know the Minister knows well, has plans to upgrade the energy efficiency of those estates, but in many cases it just does not have the resources to replace the heating systems with heat pumps, which would lower bills and carbon emissions even further.
What assurances can the Minister give me that local authorities will be given  the support necessary to deliver the energy upgrades to the highest possible level?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Local authorities will have a critical role to play in our warm homes plan.
Under our warm homes schemes, we are offering substantial support to enable low-income households to transition to clean heat.
For example, our warm homes social housing fund allows grant recipients to receive an additional £7,500 clean heat upgrade, and under our warm homes local grant, £15,000 is being provided on top of the baseline to enable all households, particularly low-income households, to benefit from clean heat.
I know how on top of her brief the Minister is, so will she confirm that fewer than a third of council homes had an energy performance certificate C rating in 2010 compared with over 70% by last year?
Less than 12% of homes in the UK had decent insulation in 2010 when Labour last left office and when  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) , who is chuntering from a sedentary position, was in power, and more than 50% did by the time we left office.
Will she commit to a faster rate of improvement under this Government than we ever saw under the previous Labour Government?