My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
New nuclear is absolutely part of the energy mix.
That is why we announced important reforms to the national policy statement.
The previous such substantive reform was based on the one I published as Energy Secretary in 2009.
We have updated the statement in order to enable new nuclear to be built right across the country, including in his constituency.
The power outages across Spain, Portugal and the south of France are a stark reminder of how energy security is key to national security.
It is vital that any Government are alive to the risks to our national resilience.
What steps have the Government taken to ensure that robust plans are in place in the event of power outages?
The hon.
Lady asks an important question.
I was in touch with the National Energy System Operator yesterday following the events in Spain and Portugal—the UK was not affected.
NESO and my Department take this incredibly seriously.
I would also add, given that  there has been some comment on this, that we should not jump to conclusions about what happened.
Let us see what happened and the reasons for it, and then learn the lessons.
Last month was a fantastic opportunity to welcome the Secretary of State to the Vaillant factory in Derby and to learn about Great British Nuclear’s incredible investment of £1.8 million in solar panels.
We know that, done right, the clean energy transition will support communities across the UK and thousands of new jobs.
What step is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that Derby is at the heart of that opportunity?
My hon.
Friend is right: this clean energy transition is about creating jobs.
I was delighted to open the factory, which is creating 200 jobs and is a £40 million investment, manufacturing cylinders for heat pumps.
This is an opportunity that this Government are going to seize for Britain.
This Secretary of State thinks it is a good idea to fill our fields with solar panels, at a cost of billions of pounds to the British taxpayer.
I hate to break it to him, but solar panels rely on sunshine, so why is he now supporting a project to block out the sunshine?
The hon.
Gentleman never ceases to amaze me, and not in a good way.
Reform has made its decision; I am not sure what the Conservatives’ position is.
Cheap, clean, home-grown power is the answer for Britain, because it gives us energy security and frees us from the petrostates and dictators.
We are in favour of it; Reform is against it.
Goodness knows where the Conservative party is.
Electric vehicle sales growth is at risk of slowing down.
Many private car and fleet owners would transition to EVs, but patchy provision of public charging for those unable to charge at home and inadequate power capacity for rapid charging on our strategic road network for long-distance drivers are two key reasons for reluctance to buy EVs.
What discussions are DESNZ Ministers having with power networks, charging providers and the Department for Transport to address this?
Order.
I have a lot of Members I need to get in.
These are topical questions—they are meant to be short and punchy.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that public charging points are critical.
That is why the regulator, Ofgem, allocated £22 billion over the next five years to maintain and upgrade the infrastructure.
I have had a number of meetings with network operators about this question, and I work closely with my colleagues in the Department for Transport to ensure we are rolling out more points.
My constituents continue to face higher electricity bills—among the highest in the country at approximately £961 per year.
One of my local hairdressers tells me that their electricity has gone up from £150 to £450 a month.
Will  the Government commit to bolder policies by easing restrictions on solar and wind power and driving investment in renewables to help struggling businesses?
The hon.
Lady is 100% right—clean, home-grown power is the answer—so that is an unequivocal yes.
Industrial communities such as St Austell and the clay country have been stifled in recent years by soaring energy costs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that industries such as the proud china clay industry are internationally competitive?
My hon.
Friend is right: there is a long-standing issue around industrial energy prices.
The key is getting off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel markets, because just as family finances were ruined in the cost of living crisis, it is the same in relation to business finances and public finances.
It is an essential part of the answer.
In my constituency, many elderly and disabled people face very high energy bills due to essential medical equipment and heating needs.
What support are the Government providing to ensure that these households are protected from the high cost of electricity?
We know that consumers are under pressure with energy bills.
That is why last winter, £1 billion of support was provided to help vulnerable customers through our warm home discount and through industry.
That is why we are extending the warm home discount from 3 million households to 6 million households and doing ongoing work to ensure we are supporting the most vulnerable households with bills.
Next week I will be visiting the site of a proposed project in my constituency that will create the only new interconnector between Great Britain and France, which can be built and operational by 2030, to help deliver the Government’s clean power mission.
Ahead of the proposed UK-France summit this summer, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how to expedite conversations with our French counterparts, so that we can move forward with this important project?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue about interconnectors.
It is something I have been talking to the regulator about, particularly in relation to France, and indeed to my French counterpart, Marc Ferracci, who was in London for our international energy summit.
I am happy for the Department to engage with her and tell her about the work we are doing on that issue.
During the general election, the Secretary of State repeatedly promised my constituents that if they voted Labour, their energy prices would be reduced by £300—not by “up to” £300.
Will the Secretary of State repeat that promise at the Dispatch Box?
We said we would cut bills by up to £300, and that is absolutely what we are determined to do.
They have gone up.
The hon.
Gentleman says that bills have gone up, but let me give him a little basic lesson: they have gone up because we are exposed to fossil fuel prices.
The only way to bring them down is by having sources of clean, home-grown power that we control.
The Pimlico district heating undertaking was built in 1950, the first ever district heating network in the UK.
It used to be cutting edge, but it is in desperate need of replacement, so that my constituents can have heating and hot water.
Will the Government work with local authorities such as Labour Westminster city council to make sure that all the costs of replacement do not necessarily fall just on residents?
Westminster city council owns the network, and we know that it is considering options for refurbishing and potentially decarbonising it.
In the round, we are committed to working with district networks to do two things: to increase technical standards, so that they are more efficient; and, critically, to properly regulate them, so that we protect consumers from unfair prices.
When will the Government decide whether to support the UK-Morocco power project?
I know the right hon.
Gentleman has an important interest in this project.
We continue to have discussions with Xlinks and obviously we are happy to brief him on those discussions.
Unlike Conservative Members, I really welcomed the £200 million investment last week.
It will be integral to creating the good jobs of the future in constituencies that are developing key technologies for offshore wind, like my constituency of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages.
With that in mind, will the Minister and the Secretary of State visit my constituency to see GE Vernova and the hard work that it is doing there?
Yes is the answer; I look forward to it.
My hon.
Friend is 100% right: this is about the jobs of the future.
Conservative Members might want to turn their back on them; we will not.
As we need some oil and gas while on the road to a clean energy economy, does it not make sense to produce our own, rather than importing it from other countries and thus increasing the global carbon footprint?
A consultation has just closed on the future of North sea energy.
We have been very clear that our manifesto commitment was to not issue new licences for exploring new fields, but we will manage existing fields for the entirety of their lifespan.
MPs across the Humber region are united in support for the Viking carbon capture, usage and storage project.
Can the Government give an update on any progress with track 2 programmes?
As with Acorn, we think Viking is a really important project.
I am very proud of the progress we made on track 1, and we are obviously looking at both Viking and Acorn in the spending review.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that GB Energy has a focused plan to deliver, and to help the 1,500 farmers in my constituency to tap the latent energy in their becks and rivers, so that we can support farming as well as the battle against climate change?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very important point about the role that local community energy can play; I think that is what he is alluding to.
We are committed to ensuring that.
Great British Energy local has already made some announcements in this space, including on local energy funding in England.
We will have much more to say in due course, but we want to ensure a partnership, so if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will make sure that what he says gets to GB Energy.
The Scottish National party celebrated the closure and demolition of Longannet coal power station in my constituency without having a plan for its future.
The former First Minister pressed the button on the charges herself.
What conversations do Ministers plan to have with the site owner, Scottish Power, about the future of the site, and what role might there be for the UK Government in bringing investment and jobs to my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is right to make the point about Longannet.
We have conversations with Scottish Power on a number of issues, including this.
He again emphasises the important role that nuclear could play in Scotland in the future.
It could obviously be an important site for a range of uses, but if the ideological ban on nuclear by the SNP were lifted, we could look at other opportunities for such sites.
When I was at the Scotland Office, I was regularly lobbied by retired senior executives from the electricity industry who wanted to state their concerns about how long it would take to reboot the network in Scotland if there was a major outage.
Obviously, I sought the necessary assurances from those running the network, but in the light of what has happened in Spain and Portugal, I would be reassured if Ministers sought those assurances again.
My Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , and I regularly discuss this issue, which relates to one of the first duties of Government.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that not only is this a focus for Government, but we will look at what happened in Spain and Portugal to see if there are any lessons to be learned about our resilience.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on fusion energy, I know that fusion technology not only has the potential to create thousands of jobs, but could also be the answer to our long-term clean energy security needs.
Does the Minister agree with me that supporting fusion is a good example of the Government’s crowding in private sector investment, creating jobs and winning investment for places like the east midlands?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for his constituency, and for the benefits that the development of fusion will bring.
We continue to invest and to have discussions with international counterparts.
There is a very bright future for fusion, and for his constituents as a result.