901); and YEA on

Roll Call No.
282, (H.R. 2789).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DAVID HAGLUND, PhD

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Pleasanton Unified

School District Superintendent David Haglund on his retirement after

seven years of service with the Pleasanton Unified School District on

A native of Southern California, David received his Bachelors degree

from Hope International University in 1985.
He immediately took his

talents to the classroom and began teaching for ten years.
He then

returned to school to receive his Master's degree in Educational

Leadership from California Baptist University and a Doctorate in urban

school leadership from the University of Southern California.
David began his career in school administration by serving the

Riverside Unified School District in various leadership roles for 15

years.
When he began his tenure with Pleasanton Unified School District,

David immediately addressed some of the district's most pressing

issues.
He stewarded a $270 million bond measure for school facility

upgrades and fiercely advocated for several other policies and measures

that improved student performance and experience.
David states that his favorite moments of each school year are the

fist day of school and graduation, because they provide him the

opportunity to tell every student how proud he is of them.
From his experience in the classroom to leading an entire school

district, David has firsthand experience in every aspect of the

educational process.
He has demonstrated a level of connection with

students, staff, and community members that every educator should

strive for.
His commitment to improving the learning environment of

every student and staff member will be evident long after his

retirement.
I thank David for his exceptional educational leadership at the

Pleasanton Unified School District for seven years.
His cheerful

presence and creative thinking will be deeply missed.
I wish him well-

deserved rest and relaxation as he returns to Southern California to

spend time with his family, including his three grandchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LOUISIANA STATE REPRESENTATIVE COATES FOR HER EFFORTS

EXPANDING ACCESS TO FRESH NATURAL MILK

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Louisiana

State Representative Kimberly Coates for her efforts to pass HB 467, a

bill expanding access to Fresh Natural Milk.
Louisiana's unfounded prohibition on natural milk was primarily a

consequence of Federal interference.
Despite fresh natural milk's

benefits, the FDA holds that only pasteurized dairy should be consumed.
Requiring the dairy industry to abide by this standard ensures the

destruction of natural milk's holistic composition.
HB 467 legalizes the sale of natural milk and dairy products,

reinstating freedom of choice to Louisiana consumers, and providing

millions of Americans with access to an uncorrupted source of nutrients

and health.
In its natural state, fresh milk is a nearly perfect food.
Hundreds of studies have confirmed a connection between

pasteurization and lactose intolerance, concluding that pasteurized

milk's molecular decomposition allows it to seep through the gut,

resulting in various health afflictions.
Fresh, natural milk that has

forgone pasteurization retains self-contained enzymes, facilitating its

digestion and conferment of health.
Accordingly, Representative Coates'

``Fresh Natural Milk Bill'' will provide millions of Louisianans with a

previously unrealized ability to consume dairy.
Representative Coates work, guiding HB 467 through both chambers of

the Louisiana State Legislature, is to be commended.
Her bill passed

the Louisiana House of Representatives in a 96-1 vote and through the

Louisiana State Senate in a 32-3 vote.
These wide margins of support

reflect Representative Coates' determination and skill as a legislator.
Representative Coates' legislation will benefit many Louisiana

citizens, including our farmers, dairy producers, and consumers.
I

commend Representative Coates and congratulate her on HB 467's signing

into Louisiana law.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DR.
PAUL RAYMOND BUITRON

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.