I am honored to recognize Colonel Mixon's accomplishments and am

forever grateful for the service of the men and women throughout the

United States Armed Forces.
Colonel Mixon would return to Fort Liberty,

North Carolina in April of 2010 as a Supply and Services Troop

Commander, Squadron Operations Officer and Squadron Executive Officer

in the U.S. Army Special Operations Command.
He served as Logistics

Operations Officer in the Deputy Chief of Staff at Headquarters, Forces

Command and would be appointed as the 307th BSB Battalion Commander in

2016 before transitioning to the Joint Special Operations Command as

the J4 Chief of Operations.
Over the course of 12 years Colonel Mixon would deploy in seven

overseas operations including three deployments in Iraq and two in

Kuwait.
Colonel Mixon has been extensively decorated and awarded for

his military contributions.
His diverse military endeavors extend to

the Carolinas Collegiate Institutes, serving as a Transportation

Officer through the Campbell University Army ROTC Program as well as a

Professor of Military Science at the University of South Carolina.
Colonel Mixon's devotion to his country and our great state is beyond

admirable and is accomplished through the support of his wife,

Charlotte, and two sons, Chase and Cole.
His appointment is well

deserved, and I look forward to celebrating his future success.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Colonel K.

``Chad'' Mixon and thanking him for immense diligence and dedication in

his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
MARY LOUISE BISHOP-BROWN

HON.
DAVID SCOTT

Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a

most beloved woman of faith in her centennial year, Mrs. Mary Louise

Bishop-Brown.
Mrs. Bishop-Brown, the eldest of nine children, was born on June 24,

1924 to King Bishop and Julia Nesmith Bishop in Dorsey Town, South

Carolina.
Having given her life to the Lord, Mary established her first

faith connections while attending St. Mark's African Methodist

Episcopal Church as a young girl.
In young adulthood, she took a job

working as a cook.
However, Mary's interests quickly expanded beyond

the kitchen when she met Miley Brown, the love of her life.
At first

sight, the two were immediately smitten and bound for a bountiful

future together.
Though this relationship would be put on hold due to

Mr. Brown's deployment to Europe during World War II, nothing could

keep these two from their eventual marriage on October 26, 1946.
Blessed to grow up in a large and loving family, Mary knew that was

what she wanted for her and Miley.
They went on to have seven

children--Jackie, Ethel, Miley Jr., Wanda Annette, Herbert, Marilyn,

Murray Lee, and Emma Jane.
Mary also raised Sean, her grandson, as her

own.
Being believers and people of faith, Mary and Miley prioritized

keeping their family rooted in the Word of God.
They brought their

children up in the St. James Missionary Baptist Church, where they were

spiritually and emotionally nurtured through Sunday School and weekly

church services.
Additionally, Mary kept busy with church duties,

singing in the choir and cooking for various church events, whether

that be for anniversaries, church unions, funerals, or whenever else

she was called upon.
However, with sunshine there must come rain.
Mary's heart became overwhelmed with sadness when Miley passed away on

December 23, 2001.
With that said, nothing could keep Mary from

bringing goodness to all she met with and joy to those around her.
She

now lives in Fairburn, Georgia, where she lives with her youngest

daughter, Marilyn.
Mary embodies what it means to be a righteous person of faith.
She

has lived several lifetimes in her 100 years on this planet and

witnessed numerous changes in our nation throughout the years.
Despite

this, she never stopped being who she was, and loved all who crossed

her path.