His family moved to Lexington, South Carolina in

2002 where he lived and grew up the remainder of his

childhood.
He graduated high school in June 2019 then

followed his dreams, and in July 2019, left for the United

States Marine Corp Boot Camp.
Collin then spent the next 4

years as a machine gunner in infantry.
During his Marine Corp

active duty time, he received Good Conduct medal, National

Defense Service medal, Global war on Terrorism Expeditionary

medal, Global war on Terrorism Service medal, Sea Service

Deployment ribbon (2), Sharpshooter Rifle Qualification

badge, and Expert Pistol Qualification badge.
Collin also

completed Advanced Machine Gun training/course.
Collin

received an honorable DD214 discharge middle of July 2023.
Teem then went on to volunteer his skills and military

services to join the fight in Ukraine in their time of need.
Collin left the United States in Sept 2023 and arrived in

Kyiv where he then joined forces with International Legion of

Defense.
Collin served with Ukraine from September 2023 until

he was unfortunately Killed in Action on May 11, 2024.
Collin

Teem's passions were evident in his life.
He lived a life

passionate about his hobbies, fun experiences, military

service, and freedom.
He lived life to the fullest and always

tried to lighten the load of others around him--physically

and mentally.
He brought laughter to many.
His enthusiasm and

smile were infectious.
It's been said that All people die but

not All people live, Collin lived!
He accomplished and packed

so much in his short 23 years.
He did what he loved.
He

touched countless lives by simply just being himself.
Many

have said he marched to his own beat which lead to many

``Teem Shenanigans'' as his Marine Corp leadership once told

us.
Collin leaves behind his mother, father, 3 brothers, 1

sister, 2 nephews, 2 nieces, as well as grandparents, aunts,

uncles, cousins, countless friends, and military brothers and

sisters.
Collin Teem will always be remembered for his love

of fishing, hunting, military service aka guns, warm weather,

and a life full of love, laughter, and adventure.
But most of

all, for his dedication, determination, selflessness,

heroism, and sacrifice for All mankind.
He will be dearly

missed by so many, near and far.
Legend and Hero to all who knew him.
#Forever23YoullBe

His family will hold Memorial Services to Honor the Life of

Collin both in his home town on the East Coast on July 6,

2024, as well as in a place he fell in love with, grew, and

was stationed during his Marine Corp time--on the West

Coast--in California--date TBD.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COLONEL K. ``CHAD'' MIXON ON HIS APPOINTMENT AS GARRISON

COMMANDER OF FORT LIBERTY

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Colonel Mixon

on his appointment as Garrison Commander of Fort Liberty.
Colonel K. ``Chad'' Mixon began his military career in 1993 as an

enlisted infantryman at Fort Bragg, NC.
Now known as Fort Liberty, it

is the home of the Airborne and Special Operations Forces and is the

world's largest military installation.
Colonel Mixon's more than 30-

year career in the United States Army includes commissions within North

Carolina and would extend to positions at both Fort McPherson, Georgia,

and Fort Polk, Louisiana.
I am honored to recognize Colonel Mixon's accomplishments and am

forever grateful for the service of the men and women throughout the

United States Armed Forces.
Colonel Mixon would return to Fort Liberty,

North Carolina in April of 2010 as a Supply and Services Troop

Commander, Squadron Operations Officer and Squadron Executive Officer

in the U.S. Army Special Operations Command.
He served as Logistics

Operations Officer in the Deputy Chief of Staff at Headquarters, Forces

Command and would be appointed as the 307th BSB Battalion Commander in

2016 before transitioning to the Joint Special Operations Command as

the J4 Chief of Operations.