Mary embodies what it means to be a righteous person of faith.
She

has lived several lifetimes in her 100 years on this planet and

witnessed numerous changes in our nation throughout the years.
Despite

this, she never stopped being who she was, and loved all who crossed

her path.
``Do unto others as you would have them done unto you''--this

is the golden rule Mrs. Bishop-Brown stood by.
I hope that we can all

learn from her example as we celebrate her long, continued life.
May God continue to bless Mrs. Mary Louise Bishop-Brown.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SENIOR MASTER SERGEANT LAURA McKEE

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to present Laura McKee,

Assistant Chief Inflight Refueler and member of the 72nd Air Refueling

Squadron, with the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Hero Award for this month of

June.
Inspired by its namesake, this award was created to highlight

exemplary Hoosier women veterans whose service to their community,

country, and nation is unparalleled.
Called to be a freedom fighter, Laura McKee worked to proudly serve

her country by acquiring a bachelor's certificate from Indiana

University and two associates degrees from the Community College of the

Air Force.
Equipped with the skills she garnered from her Aviation Operation

Aircraft Technology and Systems Maintenance Technology degrees, Laura

McKee provided vital assistance to the Iraqi and Enduring Freedom

Operations.
Her service in combating authoritative beliefs, insurgency,

and securing a free world is admirable.
The experiences she collected while deployed not only fueled her

aspirations to support a free, just world, but broadened her scope of

how she can best support the peers that came before and after her as

military personnel.
Today, she is among Indiana's champions for women

veterans, and she strives to increase veteran education and access to

federal and state benefits and resources.
Having recently been named

Indiana's first Women's Veteran's Coordinator for Indiana Veterans

Affairs, I am confident her recent appointment will continue to create

a positive impact for all veteran women.
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Laura McKee as we

celebrate her legacy of outstanding accomplishments and advocacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF RHYS TAYLOR FROST

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Rhys

Taylor Frost, president of the Donora Fire Company, who sadly passed

away on June 24, 2024.
Rhys was born and raised in Donora, Pennsylvania.
He had a passion

for his local community and always wanted to be a first responder to

help those in need.
At only 14 years old, Rhys became a volunteer firefighter at the

Donora Fire Company and later became an emergency medical technician

(EMT) in 2018.
Through his determination and selfless work ethic, he

became president of the company a year later in 2019.
Rhys never

stopped finding ways to serve southwestern Pennsylvania and always

answered the call of duty.
It was his dream to simultaneously serve as a policeman, EMT, and

firefighter, a testament to his desire to protect and defend his

community.
Those who knew Rhys best will never forget his infinite

selflessness and his eternal love for Donora.
As the community comes

together to celebrate his life and legacy, I am grateful for his vast

impact on our commonwealth and his fellow Pennsylvanians.
Mr. Speaker, Rhys Taylor Frost dedicated his life to the people of

Donora.
His legacy is an example of a selfless and inspiring life.
On

behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th Congressional District, I

wish his family healing during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DEPUTY BASE CIVIL ENGINEER JOHN L. EUNICE, III

HON.
AUSTIN SCOTT

Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia.