From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DR.
PAUL RAYMOND BUITRON

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Dr. Paul

Raymond Buitron, a pillar of our community, for his 49 years of

dedicated service to patients in Laredo and South Texas.
His

contributions to our medical community saved his patients' lives and

exemplified selfless care throughout South Texas.
The highly personal nature of his care made Dr. Paul Raymond Buitron

stand above the rest.
Dr. Buitron compassionately tailored treatment

plans for his patients, whom he knew well.
His commitment to their

well-being extended far beyond traditional medicine, he worked to

foster open communication and build deep, trusting relationships with

his patients.
Buitron's treatment was the perfect example of what a

doctor should provide theft community.
Dr. Buitron was born and raised in Laredo, Texas.
He received his

undergraduate degree from Texas A&M University before moving south in

1975 to earn his medical degree at the Universidad Autonoma De San Luis

Potosi Facultad De Mediona in Mexico.
After his journey through medical

school, Dr. Buitron found his passion in otolaryngology, also known as

ear, nose, and throat, at St. Joseph Hospital.
He then completed his

residency at the University of Louisville School of Medicine before

returning to Laredo to secure his Texas State Medical license, where he

served local patients ever since.
Dr. Buitron may have passed away earlier this month, but his memory

will continue to resonate in the hearts and minds of the South Texans

who knew him.
He leaves behind his son and two daughters, Paul Raymond

Buitron, Ill, Delilah Buitron Arrebola, and Dubelza Buitron, as well as

his grandchildren, Nara Buitron, Paul Raymond Buitron IV, Olivia

Buitron, Lennon Wolfgang Gardener, and Ringo Sebastian Arrebola.
Dr.

Paul Raymond Buitron provided compassionate care and demonstrated

unwavering dedication to his patients, leaving a lasting legacy in the

Laredo community.