Title: CELEBRATING THE GRAND OPENING OF THE EAST WIND FOUNDATION FOR YOUTH'S CHINATOWN COMMUNITY CULTURAL CENTER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
108

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE GRAND OPENING OF THE EAST WIND FOUNDATION FOR YOUTH'S

CHINATOWN COMMUNITY CULTURAL CENTER

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Grand Opening

Foundation for Youth's Chinatown Community Cultural Center.
Since opening its doors in 1972, the East Wind Foundation for Youth

has been committed to empowering young Angelenos to become the next

generation of global leaders.
Headquartered in Chinatown, this non-

profit equips young people with the skills they need to cultivate an

inclusive community that brings families, friends and neighbors

together while honoring their Chinese culture.
The East Wind Foundation for Youth hosts countless cultural programs

throughout the year, such as their annual essay writing contest, lion

dance performances, martial art training and community service.
Through

these opportunities, young people are encouraged to think critically,

build up their self-confidence and create lasting friendships while

celebrating their shared Chinese heritage.
While the foundation's programming is aimed at uplifting students,

its impacts reverberate throughout our Los Angeles neighborhoods,

improving the lives of families and entire communities.
By providing

creative and academic outlets for students, the foundation is reducing

the likelihood that young people engage in gang violence, and is thus

promoting safer neighborhoods.
The grand opening of the Chinatown Community Cultural Center allows

the non-profit to further expand its arts and educational services to

constituents of California's 34th Congressional District, with a focus

on the history of Chinese Americans in Los Angeles as well as the

history of the organization.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this

milestone for the East Wind Foundation for Youth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE NEW IMAGE YOUTH CENTER 20TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MAXWELL FROST

Mr. FROST.
Mr. Speaker, today, we celebrate the 20th anniversary of

New Image Youth Center located in the Parramore neighborhood of

Orlando.
New Image Youth Center's contributions over the past 20 years

cannot be measured.
With just $5 and a game of Monopoly, the mustard

seed was sown, and NIYC was born.
Founded by licensed therapist,

entrepreneur, and author Dr. Shanta Barton Stubbs, her goal was to

transform the narrative of the Parramore community and shift the

mindset from surviving to thriving.
New Image Youth Center prides itself on being a safe haven for K-12

Orlando youth.
For the past 20 years, their dedicated staff and

volunteers have equipped their youth with the tools and space to pursue

their wildest dreams.
New Image provides mentorship and programming

rooted in mental health counseling, academic support, social

development, and more.
Their love for their kids goes beyond the call

seek employment and post-secondary education.
I thank New Image Youth Center for 20 years of dedication and

service.
Their contributions continue to make a profound difference in

our community, and we are grateful for their support and commitment to

make Central Florida a better place for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE STONEWALL UPRISING

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to take the opportunity to

commemorate the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising on June 28, a key

milestone in the march for equality for gay, lesbian, bisexual,

transgender, queer, and intersex--or LGBTQI+--Americans.
Fifty-five

years ago, the courageous Marsha P. Johnson, Sylvia Rivera, and Storme

DeLarverie of New York City resisted police brutality against lesbian,

gay, and transgender minorities in what is known as the Stonewall

Uprising.
Their legacies continue today to inspire and energize many

Americans to respect the differences we have and advocate for the

expansion of equal rights for all people.