3.
Rejection of Algebra I in 8th Grade

The revised framework rejects (as did its earlier

iterations) the time-honored aim of preparing students to

take Algebra I in eighth grade.
Eighth-grade algebra is the

policy in high-performing foreign countries whose inhabitants

will compete with America's children in the future--and that

eighth-grade goal was expressly part of the 1999 and 2006

California math frameworks.
This current framework recommends

ninth grade as when almost all students should take Algebra

I.

Students who plan to go to selective colleges and

universities or who plan to major in STEM fields in college

need to pass calculus in high school.
Taking algebra in

eighth grade allows them to do so.
Education journalist John Fensterwald points out that:

To discourage widespread enrollment in eighth-grade

algebra, the framework's diagram laying out STEM and non-STEM

course pathways omits eighth-grade algebra as an option.
There are possible (but laborious and bureaucratically

troublesome) workarounds for STEM-inclined students, like

double-booking math classes in one year.
But the system is

not friendly to the workarounds, and they are discouraging to

students.
As Conrad points out, the framework authors (who

are ideologically opposed to acceleration) had three years to

come up with a way to accommodate those who need to take

calculus in high school, but they didn't do it.
The recent effort in San Francisco Unified to make all

students take Algebra I in ninth grade, was, as Conrad points

out, ``a total failure, exacerbating the very inequities it

aimed to prevent.''
4.
Substitution of Weak Data Science for Rigorous Algebra II

The framework promotes the idea of students taking math-

lite data science courses instead of Algebra II.
Students who

take such math-lite courses will be ill-prepared for math and

other STEM courses when they get to college.
In his report on an earlier draft of the math framework,

Conrad says of the promotion of these data science classes:

``Whatever author is responsible for such a myopic view of

mathematics should never again be involved in the setting of

public policy guidance on math education.''
5.
Knee-jerk Opposition to Tracking and Acceleration

I have previously mentioned the framework's opposition to

acceleration.
It also opposes tracking.
As Conrad points out,

the framework uses ``citation misrepresentations'' to promote

its ``anti-tracking narrative'' of heterogeneously-grouped

classrooms at all levels.''
Homogeneously-grouped classrooms allow teachers to work

more effectively without the need to teach students who are

at widely different levels.
Students can be evaluated on

their achievements in different subjects and placed in

accelerated classes only in the subjects where they excel.
This avoids the misplacements inherent in across-the-board

multi-subject tracking.
The framework displays an ideological

rather than empirical opposition to ability grouping.
6.
Classes in Wokeness Instead of Math

In Chapter 2, the framework pushes teaching methods in math

class that emphasize radically egalitarian ``social justice''

goals.
Not only is radical egalitarianism ethically dubious,

but math class should be for math, not for political

indoctrination.
For example, the current framework contends that

mathematics is to be used to ``both understand and impact the

world.''
It argues that math teachers should hold the

political position that ``mathematics plays a role in the

power structures and privileges that exist within our society

and can support action and positive change.''
Furthermore, according to this official California

framework, teachers should use mathematics politically ``to

analyze and discuss issues of fairness and justice.''
In an

elementary school classroom, teachers would, for example,

have students ``studying counting and comparing to understand

fairness'' in the context of current and historical events.
The framework recommends the fringy methods of ``trauma-

informed pedagogy,'' which encourage students to suggest

``recommendations and taking action.''
Teachers should also,

it says, provide ``curricular examples'' that provide

students with a mathematical toolkit and mindset ``to

identify and combat inequities.''
According to the framework,

students are ``to use mathematics to highlight inequities.''
Then they should learn to use mathematics to transform the

world--a rather inappropriate task for math class.