2 p.m.

Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine the economic impact of

diabetes.
CHOB-210

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine S. 461, to make certain

irrigation districts eligible for Pick-Sloan Missouri

Basin Program pumping power, S. 482, to amend the

Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 to

provide the Secretary of the Interior with certain

authorities with respect to projects affecting the

Klamath Basin watershed, S. 739, to clarify

jurisdiction with respect to certain Bureau of

Reclamation pumped storage development, S. 1118, to

establish the Open Access Evapotranspiration (OpenET)

Data Program, S. 1215, to require assessments of

opportunities to install and maintain floating

photovoltaic solar panels at Bureau of Reclamation and

Corps of Engineers projects, S. 1521, to amend the

Federal Power Act to modernize and improve the

licensing of non-Federal hydropower projects, S. 1662,

to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey to

the Midvale Irrigation District the Pilot Butte Power

Plant in the State of Wyoming, S. 1955, to amend the

Central Utah Project Completion Act to authorize

expenditures for the conduct of certain water

conservation measures in the Great Salt Lake basin, S.

2102, to provide for drought preparedness and improved

water supply reliability, S. 2160, to amend the Omnibus

Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize certain

extraordinary operation and maintenance work for urban

canals of concern, S. 2161, to provide financial

assistance for projects to address certain subsidence

impacts in the State of California, S. 2162, to support

water infrastructure in Reclamation States, S.

2166, to amend the Reclamation States Emergency Drought

Relief Act of 1991 and the Omnibus Public Land

Management Act of 2009 to provide grants to States and

Indian Tribes for programs to voluntarily repurpose

agricultural land to reduce consumptive water use, S.

2169, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to

carry out watershed pilots, S. 2202, to amend the

Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize

the modification of transferred works to increase

public benefits and other project benefits as part of

extraordinary operation and maintenance work, and an

original bill to authorize the Secretary of the

Interior to continue to implement endangered fish

recovery programs from the Upper Colorado and San Juan

River Basins.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 2088, to direct the

Secretary of the Interior to complete all actions

necessary for certain land to be held in restricted fee

status by the Oglala Sioux Tribe and Cheyenne River

Sioux Tribe.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government

To hold hearings to examine the FY 2024 budget for the

Securities and Exchange Commission.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine trends in vertical merger

enforcement.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy

To hold hearings to examine rural water, focusing on

modernizing our community water systems.