This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 13, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 18

1 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Russia's alpine assets,

focusing on money laundering and sanctions evasion in

Switzerland.
JULY 19

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 1253, to increase the

number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection Customs

and Border Protection officers and support staff and to

require reports that identify staffing, infrastructure,

and equipment needed to enhance security at ports of

entry, S. 1444, to increase the pay and enhance the

training of United States Border Patrol agents, S.

2251, to improve the cybersecurity of the Federal

Government, S. 2248, to require a pilot program on the

use of big data analytics to identify vessels evading

sanctions and export controls and to require a report

on the availability in the United States of emerging

and foundational technologies subject to export

controls, S. 1332, to require the Office of Management

and Budget to revise the Standard Occupational

Classification system to establish a separate code for

direct support professionals, S. 1524, to ensure that

whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected

from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a

reprisal, S. 2032, to require the reduction of the

reliance and expenditures of the Federal Government on

legacy information technology systems, S. 1973, to

require the purchase of domestically made flags of the

United States of America for use by the Federal

Government, an original bill entitled, ``Northern

Border Coordination Act'', an original bill entitled,

``Mitigating Foreign Influence in Classified Government

Contracts Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Border

Enforcement, Security, and Trade Facilitation Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Wildland Firefighter Paycheck

Protection Act'', an original bill entitled, ``PUMP

Technical Corrections Act'', an original bill entitled,

``Purchased Data Inventory Act'', an original bill

entitled, ``Streamlining Federal Grants Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``PFAS-Free Procurement Act'',

an original bill entitled, ``Government Ethics

Transparency Act'', an original bill entitled, ``AI

Leadership To Enable Accountable Deployment Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Eliminate Useless Reports

Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal

Cybersecurity Workforce Expansion Act'', an original

bill entitled, ``Grant Transparency Act'', and the

nomination of Fara Damelin, of Virginia, to be

Inspector General, Federal Communications Commission.
2 p.m.

Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine the economic impact of

diabetes.