Title: BRIGHT FUTURE FOR BULGARIA; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
119

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BRIGHT FUTURE FOR BULGARIA

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the dynamic Republic of

Bulgaria is leading the way in energy independence, eliminating

intimidation by the war criminal Putin who is sacrificing young

Russians to death for his personal gain of money and power.
Prime Minister Nikolai Denkov is a vrsionarv, meeting last week with

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Sofia and facilitating

Bulgaria selling two Russian-made nuclear reactors and other critical

equipment to Ukraine.
It is inspiring that the National Assembly on July 6th voted for

Bulgaria to benefit from the sale.
This corrects failed efforts from

the 1980s of a technically and commercially flawed project, as

identified by the Wall Street Journal on July 7th.
``The deal shows how Russia's energy influence in Europe is

diminishing fast,'' said Martin Vladimirov, Director of the Energy

Program at the Center for the Study of Democracy in Sofia.
The people of Bulgaria and Ukraine mutually benefit as clearly

explained by Assembly Member, Delyan Dobrev ``After the start of the

war in Ukraine, building a power plant with that equipment became

[politically] impossible.
Ukraine needs the equipment that we have.
It

is a perfect match.''
The association of Bulgaria and Ukraine for energy liberation is

another extraordinary example of the war criminal Putin's

miscalculation of the courageous people of Ukraine who have resisted

valiantly for freedom.
In America, Republicans and Democrats have

united to support Ukraine with 100 billion dollars in aid.
The European

Union of 27 nations is reaching 100 billion dollars in aid.
Germany has

reversed neutrality to unprecedented support of Ukraine as NATO has

achieved the remarkable inclusion of Finland and imminently Sweden with

strong support from Japan, Republic of Korea, and Australia.
This year marks 120 years of diplomatic relations between Bulgaria

and America.
Americans are so appreciative of the friendship with the

talented people of Bulgaria as we rally together for mutual economic

and security benefit.
Bulgaria is well represented in Washington with

Ambassador Georgi Panayotov as South Carolina appreciates the honorary

Bulgarian Consul Don Tomlin of Columbia.
The bi-partisan Bulgaria

Caucus in Congress promotes warm relations with Democratic Congressman

Brad Schneider and me as Republican Co-chairman.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE DICKERSON PARK ZOO

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th

Anniversary of the Dickerson Park Zoo located in Springfield, Missouri.
The zoo was founded in 1923 on 100 acres of land that was acquired

from the estate of Jerome Dickerson.
It houses more than 500 animals

that represent 160 different species.
Last year alone, some 200,000

people visited the zoo.
But the zoo is more than a location where visitors can see exotic

animals.
A staff of about 60 full-time and 25 seasonal employees, as

well as 100 volunteers, are dedicated to the mission of connecting

people with animals to encourage discovery and inspire conservation.
In

1985, the park became involved with the Species Survival Plan, a

consortium of groups working to save animals from extinction.
The

following year, the zoo became accredited by the Association of Zoos

and Aquariums.
More than 60,000 people a year participate in the zoo's conservation

education programs held in the park's educational center.
Additionally,

its Zoo to You programs visit schools, libraries and residential care

centers around the state.
The zoo also provides outstanding research and medical care for all

the animals and rehabilitates injured or orphaned native raptors

through its Raptor Rehabilitation Program.
Once the birds are deemed

healthy enough to survive on their own, they are released back into

their natural habitat.