On July 1, 2023, the Erwin Township Historical Society will celebrate

the completion and dedication of their new walking trail and artifact

building in Erwin Heritage Park.
I want to thank all involved in the

Erwin Township Historical Society for making these endeavors possible

and for facilitating a successful ceremony.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the Erwin Township

Historical Society for their work to preserve the history and culture

of their community.
On behalf of Michigan's First District, I wish the

historical society and their supporters the best in their future

endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PATRIOTISM OF JEWS DURING THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of a scholarly article recently published by the Jewish

Review of Books, titled ``When Freedom Began to Ring.''
Authored by

Paul Finkelman and South-Eastern Pennsylvanian Lance J. Sussman, this

article explores how the patriotism of Jews during the American

Revolution contributed to political equality and a national policy of

religious liberty in the newly formed nation.
Religious liberty is a

critical component to our identity as Americans and this research

highlights the important contributions of Jews in shaping this culture

of religious tolerance in our Republic.
I include in the Record the

full article by Paul Finkelman and Lance J. Sussman.
When Freedom Began to Ring

(By Paul Finkelman and Lance J. Sussman)

In his famous 1790 letter to the Jewish community of

Newport, Rhode Island, George Washington wrote that ``the

Government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no

sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only that

they who live under its protection should demean themselves

as good citizens, in giving it on all occasions their

effectual support.''
These words were not the kind of quid

pro quo sometimes offered by European Enlightenment leaders

of the time to Jews; it was not an implicit warning that they

ought to behave themselves if they wanted to be tolerated.
President Washington, under whose leadership many Jews had

fought during the Revolutionary War, was simply recognizing

that America only required of its Jews what it required of

all its citizens.
At the founding, America was already not a

Christian nation, and this was in large part because of its

Jews.
Everywhere else in the world, prior to the American

Revolution, Jews were disfranchised, politically isolated,

and vulnerable.
Even where they were relatively secure, such

as in England, they were not full citizens.
In 1775, on the

eve of the Revolutionary War, English Jews could not vote,

serve on juries, serve in Parliament, be military officers,

attend a university, engage in some businesses, become

barristers, or practice some other professions.
Jewish

immigrants had to pay special ``alien'' taxes forever,

because they could not naturalize.
And as aliens, immigrant

Jews were prohibited from owning real estate or seagoing

vessels, and from engaging in colonial or foreign trade.
Things had been somewhat better in England's North American

colonies, where momentum toward full equality built as the

Revolution grew nearer, in part because of Jewish support for

the patriot cause.
In 1765, ten Jewish merchants in New York

City, along with nearly two hundred Christian businessmen,

signed a non-importation agreement to boycott British goods.
Jewish merchants in Philadelphia and Newport, signed similar

agreements.
Others, most famously Haym Salomon, joined the

Sons of Liberty.
Gershom Mendes Seixas, the spiritual leader

of New York's Shearith Israel--the first synagogue in what

became the United States--actively supported Independence.
In

1774, Francis Salvador had won a

seat in South Carolina's Provincial Congress.
He was

reelected in 1776, thus becoming the first Jewish elected

public official in the new United States.
He served until he

was killed in battle that August.
Most Jews in New York, Philadelphia, Newport, Charleston,

and Savannah--where the Revolution was brewing--joined the

cause early.