He was

reelected in 1776, thus becoming the first Jewish elected

public official in the new United States.
He served until he

was killed in battle that August.
Most Jews in New York, Philadelphia, Newport, Charleston,

and Savannah--where the Revolution was brewing--joined the

cause early.
In doing so, they staked their claim to

political equality as a right, not a set of privileges to be

granted.
As they did nowhere in Europe, Jews served as officers in

the patriot armies.
Mordecai Sheftall, a Savannah

businessman, was a full colonel, then the third highest rank

in the American army.
David Salisbury Franks rose to the rank

of Lieutenant Colonel, served as a diplomat to France and

Morocco during the war, and later became the assistant

cashier of the Bank of the United States.
Solomon Bush, whose

father had signed a non-importation agreement, ended the war

as a Lieutenant Colonel and the deputy adjutant-general of

the Pennsylvania militia.
His younger brother, Captain Lewis

Bush, died in combat.
There were no Jewish officers in the

British army or among the Hessian mercenaries during the

Revolutionary War. (
However, Alexander Zuntz, a Hessian

civilian commissary, served as the Hazzan of Shearith Israel

congregation while the British occupied New York City.
Impressed with American religious liberty, he stayed in New

York after the war, and eventually became president of the

synagogue.)
In the independent United States, every new state

constitution granted Jews the right to vote, though nine of

the first eleven of them originally limited office holding to

Protestants or Christians.
A few states retained established

churches or special state benefits for some faiths.
Religious

tests for office directly denied Jews full political

equality.
These state establishments did not deny Jews

religious liberty or legal rights, but they made them (and

members of other non-favored faiths) less than equal

citizens.
This situation, however, was not destined to last

very long.
When Pennsylvania's 1776 constitution, for instance,

required state legislators to ``acknowledge the Scriptures of

the Old and New Testament to be given by Divine

inspiration,'' the state's Jews protested.
Members of

Philadelphia's Congregation Mikveh Israel studied and

annotated all state constitutions, noting where Jews faced

discrimination, and then published letters in newspapers

calling attention to the new constitutions' objectionable

features.
In late 1783, Philadelphia's Jewish leaders

petitioned the Pennsylvania government to allow Jews to hold

public office.
Seven years later, Pennsylvania's new

constitution removed the religious test for office holding.
In 1787 Congress, operating under the Articles of

Confederation, passed the Northwest Ordinance, the forerunner

territories and the creation of new states.
The Ordinance

provided for ``extending the fundamental principles of civil

and religious liberty'' in the national territories.
Written

before the Constitution, this was the first national

guarantee of religious freedom.
The Confederation Congress,

which included no Jews and only the occasional Catholic,

could have easily established some kind of non-denominational

Protestantism or Christianity.
But it did no such thing.
In that same year, on behalf of Congregation Mikveh Israel,

Revolutionary War veteran Jonas Phillips wrote to George

Washington, who was then serving as the presiding officer of

the Constitutional Convention, requesting the Convention

protect Jewish political rights.
As it turned out, the

Convention had already agreed to prohibit religious tests for

office holding, but the willingness of Philadelphia Jews to

lobby for their rights further illustrates American Jewry's

newfound boldness.
On July 4, 1788, Philadelphia held a parade to celebrate

the ratification of the new constitution.
The Grand Federal

Procession was led by an interfaith group of clergymen,

including a rabbi, their arms interlocked.
Later, when George

Washington took the first presidential oath of office in New

York City, Hazzan Gershom Mendes Seixas joined other clergy

from the city as a witness.
The First Amendment, ratified in 1791, confirmed the right

separation of church and state.
Under the Constitution, Jews

held federal offices, even where they could not hold offices

under existing state constitutions.