From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH CHANCELLOR PATRICK GALLAGHER ON HIS

RETIREMENT AFTER A DECADE OF SERVICE

HON.
SUMMER L. LEE

Ms. LEE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr.

Patrick Gallagher of Pittsburgh, PA.
After nearly a decade serving as Chancellor of the University of

Pittsburgh, a tenure that included tremendous gains in Pitt's academic

profile and demand, solidified the University's role as a community

partner and anchor, and elevated Pitt's research stature, impact, and

activity to near-peerless echelons of excellence, Mr. Gallagher will

step down on July 15, 2023.
Over the course of Mr. Gallagher's Chancellorship, he enhanced the

University of Pittsburgh's reputation as an economic engine for

Pennsylvania.
One out of every 32 Pennsylvania workers earns their

degree from Pitt, resulting in $5.2 billion in economic impact during

his time.
He has also positioned Pitt to continue this record, shaping

the University's future through facilities like The Assembly, Pitt

BioForge, and Victory Heights.
These future projects are part and parcel of Mr. Gallagher's

commitment to the University's student body.
Pitt student-athletes

flourished under Patrick Gallagher's watch, earning 4 ACC championships

in volleyball, 2 College Cup appearances for men's soccer, 1 conference

championship in football, and 1 national wrestling championship.
And

while the University's applications for admission rose to record highs

under his tenure, he ensured that tuition rates would remain affordable

for Pennsylvanians through Pitt's strong relationship with the

Commonwealth.
Under Mr. Gallagher's leadership, the University provided

unprecedented support to its world-class researchers and its

surrounding community.
Today, the University ranks third in the country

in terms of funding from the National Institutes of Health and secured

its status and is one of just 24 universities nationwide to reach and

exceed $1 billion in sponsored research expenditures.
With these numerous accomplishments, Mr. Gallagher departs with the

sincere appreciation and respect of the Board of Trustees as well as

the admiration of Pitt's administration, faculty, staff, students, and

alumni.
Now, therefore, let it be proclaimed that the retirement of

Chancellor Patrick D. Gallagher by celebrated and commended by all for

exemplary leadership and remarkable contributions to higher education

in Pennsylvania.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CALIFORNIA'S VERY FLAWED K-12 MATH FRAMEWORK

HON.
MICHELLE STEEL

Mrs. STEEL.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record an article written

by Williamson M. Evers of California.
His works explains major flaws in

the draft of the California State Board of Education's K-12 mathematics

instructional framework.
The Board is having a final hearing today.
1.
Unscientific Teaching Methods

Just as there is a science of reading instruction, there is

a science of math instruction.
The scientific way of teaching

math includes:

having students memorize math facts (like multiplication

tables and addition and subtraction facts) and standard

algorithms (time-tested math procedures):

teaching computational procedures and conceptual

understanding together (and not as progressives would have

it, concepts before procedures);

stressing that getting answers to problems right and doing

so quickly are components of math fluency; and

bearing in mind that committing math facts and procedures

to long-term memory frees the student's mind to handle novel

problems.
Instead, the progressive-education authors of the math

framework want students to learn through their own inquiry

and self-discovery.
The authors give little emphasis to

mastery of facts and standard algorithms.
The authors want to

organize math instruction not in the architectonic system of

increasing abstraction in which it has traditionally been

taught, but instead in accordance with vague, billowy ``big

ideas.''
Educational researcher Tom Loveless (retired from

the Brookings lnstitution) says: ``The previous framework was

very clear that math fluency involves speed and accuracy.
The

proposed framework rejects speed as being even part of

fluency, and that's a problem.''
The newly revised framework delays fluency in

multiplication and division tables until late in elementary

school.