Additionally,

its Zoo to You programs visit schools, libraries and residential care

centers around the state.
The zoo also provides outstanding research and medical care for all

the animals and rehabilitates injured or orphaned native raptors

through its Raptor Rehabilitation Program.
Once the birds are deemed

healthy enough to survive on their own, they are released back into

their natural habitat.
The zoo also is one of only five in the country

that participates in a giraffe blood bank, and it recently became home

for an orphaned cougar cub from the state of Washington.
Just like humans, preventive care is paramount for the animals and

the zookeepers play an important role in the wellness staff as they

spend a great deal of time with the animals and become very perceptive

to subtle changes in an animal's health.
The Dickerson Park Zoo is a vital part of animal education,

conservation and enjoyment for thousands of people living in and

visiting the Springfield area.
We celebrate them and wish them the best

for another 100 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AND COMMENDING COLONEL KIRBY GROSS

HON.
DONALD NORCROSS

Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commend Colonel

Kirby Gross on his retirement.
Colonel Kirby Gross has served in the United States Army as a trauma

surgeon for a span of 21 years.
He has been deployed 10 times totaling

over 5 years of combat service.
Colonel Gross has served for 5 years of

combat service, after being deployed a total of 10 times.
Throughout

Colonel Gross's career, he served in many positions that increased his

positive influence on the lives of others.
During his 21 years of service, Colonel Gross served twice as the

Joint Theater Trauma System Director, and the Theater Medical Director

for Operation Inherent Resolve.
Here, he was able to develop medical

assets which provided care to injured soldiers within the theater,

therefore improving battlefield care.
Throughout his many positions, he

was able to demonstrate empathy towards warriors, aiding many in their

return to good health.
Colonel Gross served the country in many important and influential

roles.
He worked as the Commander of the 772nd Forward Surgical Team

(FST) to Iraq, which is where he assumed the role of Chief of Surgery

of the 10th Combat Support Hospital Directors of the Joint Trauma

System (JTS), Chief of Defense Medical Readiness Training Institute

(DMRTI), and Chief of Surgery of the Army Trauma Training Detachment

(ATTD).
He has been able to use his roles to improve care for wounded

warriors, positively impacting their families and our Nation.
Today, Colonel Gross works diligently as an Army Trauma Surgeon in

the Division of Trauma within the Section of Military, Diplomatic, and

Field Surgical Affairs at Cooper University Health Care as part of the

Army Medical Department, Military-Civilian Trauma Team Training

Program.
Colonel Gross's work has affected the lives of many, as he

improved the survivability of soldiers throughout the Global War on

Terrorism.
His actions have influenced and encouraged an environment of

achievement that will assuredly increase the survivability rate of

military campaigns for our country.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring and commending Colonel

Kirby Gross, on behalf of a grateful nation for his dedication to our

country and those who have bravely served and defended the United

States of America to the best of his ability.
Be it known to all, that I hereby honor Colonel Kirby Gross, and

extend great appreciation for outstanding service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NICK WALLACE

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable person, Nick Wallace.
He is a celebrated executive chef,

entrepreneur, and philanthropist, who leverages his innate talents to

highlight the beauty of food, redefine the Southern experience, and

introduce the world to Mississippi-inspired cuisine.