BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable person, Nick Wallace.
He is a celebrated executive chef,

entrepreneur, and philanthropist, who leverages his innate talents to

highlight the beauty of food, redefine the Southern experience, and

introduce the world to Mississippi-inspired cuisine.
Drawing inspiration from his early training with his grandmothers,

Nick's culinary style combines his family-farm origin with French

technique, resulting in a modern, Mississippi-influenced cuisine

infused with Nick's own culinary innovation experience and

understanding of flavor profiles.
Nick is the owner of CHURN Creameries 2022, Nick Wallace Culinary,

Nick Wallace Catering, and Nissan Cafe by Nick Wallace.
In addition to

flexing his leadership skills as an executive chef at some of America's

prominent museums and hotels, Nick has been featured in domestic and

international television programming, including Food Network's Comfort

Nation (Season 2); Chopped, Chopped: Alton's Challenge, and Cutthroat

Kitchen; Food Network Canada's Firemasters; and Voyage's (France)

Unexplored America--Mississippi.
Most recently, Nick appeared on

Bravo's Top Chef (Season 19) and CNN's NOMAD with Carlton McCoy.
Through the years, Nick has garnered regional and national

recognition, including being selected by the James Beard Foundation to

present five Mississippi-themed dinners in New York City; participating

in 50 States--50 Chefs (Flavored Nation); being named ``Best Chef of

Mississippi'' (2020; gaining consistent inclusion in the peer reviewed

``Best Chefs America'' list; and earning ``Best Chef' (Jackson, MS)

recognition for 4 consecutive years.
Additionally, Nick is the founder of Creativity Kitchen, a nonprofit

aimed at providing nutrition education, exposure to farm-to-table

practices, and access to flavorful, healthy meals and culinary

experiences for young, public-school students and their families

(Jackson, MS).
Most recently, Creativity Kitchen partnered with Whole

Food's 5 percent Community Giving Program, helping to add a percentage

of store profits as donations to an area elementary school.
Committed to his community and using palate-pleasing cuisine to touch

lives, Nick is a Co-Chair of Share the Gulf and a board member for

Hunger Free America.
He also participates in partnerships with

organizations such as the American Cancer Society, Dole, Novo Nordisk,

and Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing my former

staff member, Nick Wallace for his dedication to the food insecurities

within the state of Mississippi.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR.
MARC A. NIGLIAZZO

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate the well-

deserved retirement of Dr. Marc A. Nigliazzo, who has worked tirelessly

to serve the communities of Central Texas through his time at Temple

College and Texas A&M University-Central Texas.
Nigliazzo's dedication

to our home is truly unrivaled.
Throughout his career, Dr. Nigliazzo has touched the lives of all his

students.
From his time as president at Temple College to his tenure as

the inaugural president at Texas A&M-Central Texas he always went the

extra mile to insure a positive impact on his students and the

community.
Dr. Nigliazzo has played a vital role in promoting accelerated

learning as well as building safe and supportive school communities for

our central Texas communities.
His dedication to education and

addressing the major challenges that Texas A&M University-Central Texas

has faced has brought the school to where it is today.
His great work has not gone unnoticed.
Dr. Nigliazzo was awarded the

Leopard Pride for his work with the Temple College athletic program and

the Temple College Board of Trustees named the administration building

in his honor.
These tributes speak to the justifiably high regard his

peers hold him in.
Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed.
It is not the end of a

career, but rather the beginning of a new adventure.
I commend Dr. Marc

A. Nigliazzo for his years of selfless service as well as his

commitment to the betterment of higher education.