What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to ensure that the victims’ right to review scheme is operating effectively.
The victims’ right to review scheme is a vital mechanism for ensuring that victims have the right to request a review of certain prosecutor decisions, either not to start a prosecution or to stop a prosecution.
We are continuing to work with our partners, including the CPS, so that the victims’ right to review scheme operates as effectively as possible to deliver for victims the justice they rightly deserve.
In my short time in this place, I have been shocked and concerned by the rates of violence against women in my constituency of Monmouthshire.
Many constituents have reached out to me for support.
I am pleased that the Government are aiming to halve violence against women and girls in the next decade, but can the Solicitor General tell us what proportion of violence against women cases request reviews?
How are victims supported through the process, because it is incredibly difficult to maximise their ability to exercise their right to review?
We are looking at the victim’s right to review scheme closely.
It is informing the subject discussions that I hope to have later today with the Director of Public Prosecutions.
We are also working closely with the Victims’ Commissioner, who is raising issues around how we might reform this process.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the CPS is looking at this matter closely.
One thing it is introducing is that where no evidence is offered for the most serious rape and serious sexual offences, that decision is reviewed by a deputy Crown prosecutor before it is taken.
That oversight is already producing results.
What recent discussions she has had with regional mayors on rates of prosecution for street crime.
What recent discussions she has had with regional mayors on rates of prosecution for street crime.
Council leaders and regional mayors play an important role in tackling the unprecedented challenges that this Government inherited.
We are committed   to working closely with local leaders to deliver the safer streets that our communities deserve.
I have already met several deputy mayors, mayors and council leaders to discuss these important matters, and we will continue to do so in the months ahead.
Shoplifting is a major concern for my constituents, businesses and retail workers in Weston-super-Mare, many of whom have contacted me for support.
Shoplifting has increased massively, with more than 1,000 cases these past 12 months.
That is a 31% annual increase.
To reassure my constituents, can the Solicitor General outline what steps she is taking to prosecute those responsible for shoplifting?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this important issue.
Shoplifting is a scourge in many of our constituencies.
That is why this Government are committed to introducing respect orders and beefing up legislation to tackle persistent antisocial behaviour.
We are also working with the CPS to ensure that we clamp down on assaults against shopworkers, which will be part of a new stand-alone offence, and we are re-committing to prosecuting in these core areas.
The Solicitor General will be aware of concerns about knife and violent crime in many communities, including Huddersfield.
In particular, there are serious concerns about how children and young people are being criminally exploited in wider county lines gangs.
How is the Department working with regional mayors to improve prosecution rates for knife and violence- related offences, and to ensure that those at risk of offending receive targeted interventions?
As my hon.
Friend states, knife crime is a scourge that particularly impacts on young people, too many of whom senselessly lose their lives or are injured every year.
Mayors and councils will be essential partners in the mission to achieve safer streets.
I have already met the deputy Mayor of West Yorkshire to discuss this matter.
The prosecutorial piece is part of this Government’s review to crack down on the sale of offensive weapons.
The Government are in a hurry.
We have already implemented a ban on the possession of zombie-style knives and machetes, but of course there is a lot more that we can and should be doing.
(Urgent question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the Government’s policy on council tax referendum thresholds in 2025-26.
Since the 2012-13 financial year, local authorities, fire authorities, and police and crime commissioners have been required to determine whether the amount of council tax they plan to raise is excessive.
The Secretary of State sets thresholds on excessiveness and knows the referendum principles for different classes of authority.
Since 2016-17, those thresholds have also included a social care precept, providing higher thresholds for authorities with social care responsibilities.
Decisions on the council tax levels to set, or whether to hold a referendum to go beyond the referendum principles, sit with councils.
But the Government have been clear that we expect the threshold to be maintained at the current level, set by the previous Government.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast of the last Government assumed that council tax would increase by a 3% core, plus an additional 2% for local authorities with adult social care responsibilities for the entirety of the forecast period.
We will set out further details in the local government finance settlement in the new year.
Beyond that, we are determined to support local government and undo the mess that has been created over the past 14 years.
That is why at the Budget we announced over £4 billion in new local government funding, including an additional £1.3 billion in the local government finance settlement.
That, as the hon.
Gentleman will be well aware, has been warmly welcomed by the sector.
Council tax funds about £20.5 billion of expenditure in England on social care, which is 61% of all council funding.
It is therefore of huge interest to our constituents.
The Prime Minister and Ministers have repeatedly told the House that we need to wait for the spending review and the local government finance settlement to know what will happen with the referendum limit, including at the Dispatch Box yesterday when the Prime Minister told my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition to wait.
Shortly afterwards, the press were told that the 5% limit would remain in place.
Answers to parliamentary questions show that the Government are expecting spending power to increase by £3.7 billion, funded by grants of £1.3 billion.
That demonstrates that the Chancellor’s Budget has opened up a £2.4 billion black hole in council finances.
In addition to that, the County Councils Network has highlighted its concerns that although we have not yet had a formal statement in the House, there are proposals to change the way in which funding is allocated, further depriving local authorities in urban, suburban and rural areas of the funding that they need.
I would like to put two questions to the Minister.
First, will he promise the House that funding allocations through the grant mechanism will follow the cost pressures  on local authorities and not any other form of indexation or formula, to ensure that places facing the highest costs receive the funding that they need?
Next, while nobody would want to see the referendum limits scrapped simply to bail out central Government, the announcement of the 5% constrains local authorities when it comes to their fundraising.
Will the Minister tell the House whether it will be our high streets through increased business rates or whether significant cuts to other council services will be needed to fill the Government’s £2.4 billion black hole?