In my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon, the River Avon and its tributaries have been heavily polluted by untreated sewage discharges.
We know this because of a citizen science project, which sees residents testing for pollutants regularly along the rivers and brooks.
Their efforts are supported by community initiatives such as SafeAvon and groups like Stratford Climate Action.
Will the Government commit to and resource a national environmental monitoring strategy to better understand the overall health of water bodies, and will they commit to requiring water companies to monitor volumes as well as duration of storm overflows?
The hon.
Lady is quite right to be concerned about the state of the River Avon.
We want to move towards a catchment-based approach to water, so we can look at all the inputs and be clear about how we can clean them up.
Her point about monitoring will be considered by the commission led by Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I hope that she and other colleagues will make their submissions to Sir Jon for his review, which is due to conclude in 2025.
I wholeheartedly welcome the Water (Special Measures) Bill as a package of reforms to end the systemic dumping of sewage into our rivers, lakes and seas by water companies, while huge sums are being paid out by the same firms to shareholders.
However, laws are only ever as good as their enforcement, and effective enforcement requires adequate resourcing.
Will the Secretary of State consider how the enforcement agencies might be self-funding to a degree, with money raised from fines levied on polluting water firms reinvested into the likes of the Environment Agency?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
He will be reassured to know that precisely the points he raises will be brought into law in the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which will soon be arriving in the Chamber, so that polluters will pay for further enforcement action.
That way we have a virtuous circle to help clean up our waterways.
What recent discussions he has had with the National Farmers Union on the adequacy of Government support for farmers.
As the hon.
Gentleman would expect, I have regular meetings with all the key stakeholders, and I speak to the National Farmers Union on a regular basis.
My local NFU representative, Gillian van der Meer, makes clear her concerns and those of many other local farmers about the impact of Labour’s family  farm tax.
I find it extraordinary that the Minister seems to think that, even if we accept his figures, it is okay that hundreds of farms will be affected.
I appreciate that a U-turn can be difficult in the Westminster bubble, but I find the public are much more understanding and would welcome the Government realising that they have got this wrong.
Does he agree that they have got this policy wrong and that it is time for a rethink?
What I would say is that I have had more meetings with Tom Bradshaw over the past few weeks than I have had for a long, long time, for reasons that are entirely obvious.
I was grateful to him for congratulating the Government on getting a very good financial settlement for farmers when he addressed the egg and poultry industry conference on Monday in Newport, Wales.
I was grateful that he recognised that.
What steps he plans to take to support nature-friendly farming.
I point the hon.
Lady to the extraordinary transformation that is under way, with the huge amount of extra money going into the sustainable farm incentive and our environmental land management schemes this year.
It is the biggest transformation on record.
I recognise the very welcome shift towards nature-friendly farming, which offers environmental, social and economic benefits—not just nature protection, but good healthy food and good jobs—yet the farmer-led Nature Friendly Farming Network argues that the agriculture budget needs to be more than doubled to £6 billion a year.
Will the Minister press his Treasury colleagues to put more money into nature-friendly farming to secure a sustainable future for UK farming?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her support for the transition that we are undertaking.
In fact, I was speaking to Martin Lines from the Nature Friendly Farming Network only yesterday evening.
He and many of his colleagues are delighted with the transition that we are making, but, as ever, the Greens’ grasp of economics is limited.
What recent progress his Department has made on investigating crustacean die-offs along the north-east coast in 2021.
An independent expert panel reviewed the 2021 crustacean die-off event and published its findings last year.
It could not identify a clear single cause for the crustacean mortality.
The Government are keeping the situation under review and a coastal health programme was recently established to improve coastal monitoring.
The die-off on the north-east coast has devastated an industry that has served Hartlepool for generations.
Fishermen, such as my constituent Stan Rennie,  and their families want three things: support in the face of their livelihoods being decimated; a plan to repopulate and rebuild their industry; and, finally, answers to how this happened in the first place.
Will the Minister meet me and fishermen from Hartlepool to discuss a way forward on this issue?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate defender of his community.
I extend my sympathy to all those who find themselves under pressure when these kind of events happen and I would be very happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that future international trade agreements support the farming sector.
Supporting farmers is a priority of this Government.
We have been clear that we will protect farmers from being undercut by low welfare and low standards in trade deals.
We are also working to reset our relationship with our European friends to strengthen ties and tackle barriers, and helping boost trade to the EU through a UK-EU sanitary and phytosanitary veterinary agreement.
Some farmers benefited from international trade agreements under the previous Government.
Unfortunately, it was mostly Australian and New Zealand farmers, not British farmers, who benefited.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government will prioritise British farmers who want to export, not least those  who want to export to the European Union, through a veterinary agreement with the EU?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that what happened to the British farming industry was one of the great betrayals of the previous Government.
Those trade deals did no credit to our country, but we will take a different approach and develop a much more constructive relationship with our near neighbours.
Therefore, the answer to my hon.
Friend’s question is yes.
There will be small point in protecting farmers in international trade agreements if Government policy is undermining those same farmers domestically.
How many thousands of farmers will it take to clog up Parliament Square next Tuesday before the Government realise that their inheritance tax policy is very deeply flawed?
Once again, I direct right the hon.
Gentleman back to the figures from the Treasury, which show that the numbers affected are under 500.
That is the answer to his question.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that the independent commission on the water sector regulatory system strengthens regulation.
The independent commission on the water sector was launched on  23 October  and will be chaired by Sir Jon Cunliffe.
It is the biggest review of the industry since privatisation and will report next summer.
It will focus on boosting investability, speeding up the delivery of water infrastructure and cleaning up our waterways.
Southern Water is responsible for blighting beaches with raw sewage along Ramsgate, Margate and Broadstairs, yet it plans on increasing household bills by 73% over the next five years, and the chief executive officers of Southern Water have received £4 million over the last five years in bonuses and salaries.
Will the new independent commission do something about this egregious situation?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on campaigning for her local water consumers.
She is right to point to the wide failings across the system.
We have charged Sir Jon Cunliffe with leading a commission that will look at how we can completely reset the sector—regulation, governance and how the sector operates—so that the levels of pollution and failure under the previous Government can never be repeated.
In 2013, the previous Government introduced a rebate of £50 per household on the water bills of customers in the far south-west.
With 3% of the country’s population paying to keep a third of our bathing beaches clean on lower-than-average salaries, will the Secretary of State please reconsider the decision to scrap that rebate for constituents such as mine, which was quietly announced just before the recess?
It is important that support is targeted at the most vulnerable, so we will look at what more can be done through social tariffs to support families who are at risk of being unable to pay future water bills.
It is right that we prioritise the poorest.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard this morning, the public are rightly furious about the filthy, polluted state in which the previous Administration left our rivers, lakes and seas.
That is why there is such strong support for the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which is working its way through Parliament.
I urge all Members to make submissions to Sir Jon Cunliffe’s review, and to encourage their constituents to feed in to it.
This is our chance to conduct a root-and-branch review of the entire sector to ensure that it is fit for the future and will properly serve both consumers and the environment for decades to come.
Research estimates that as many as 170 dolphins and other mammals are caught and killed every year off the Sussex coast, yet no bycatch data is recorded.
Will the Secretary of State please outline how  he is ensuring that supertrawlers operating in UK waters are fulfilling their legal duty to report marine mammal bycatch to the Marine Management Organisation?
Vessels are, of course, already required to report marine mammal bycatch.
We are looking at implementing remote electronic monitoring on larger vessels to gather better data about fishing activities.
We are also working to improve our marine environment by ratifying the biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction agreement, enforcing fishing restrictions in marine protected areas, and ensuring that all catch limits are set sustainably.