The Secretary of State perhaps needs to ask his Food Minister why he said at the Agricultural Industries Confederation conference that the Government are checking the figures.
Let me help the Secretary of State out.
He can explain the veracity and accuracy of his figures next week, when thousands of farmers come to Westminster to rally against the family farm tax, the delinking of payments, the hike in national insurance and other tax hikes on working farms in the Budget.
Will he come?
It is very important that the Government listen to farmers, and of course we will do so, but I know that farmers are reasonable people.
They will want to look at the facts and, like everybody else, if they drill into the HMRC data they will see that three quarters of them will end up paying no more under the new system than they do today.
Sewage spills are a scourge for my residents, and not just in the sea but in the street too.
Raw sewage and used toilet roll flooded a street in Southwick recently.
What are the Government’s plans to force the water companies to upgrade their infrastructure and bring an end to those foul, smelly spills that are blighting the lives of local residents?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
He is a strong campaigner in his constituency against the failings of the water company and the high levels of pollution resulting from the failures of the previous Government, so I know that he is backing the Water (Special Measures)
Bill that is working its way through Parliament, and that he will support Sir Jon  Cunliffe’s commission, as we seek to reset the sector by changing its regulation and governance so that it works better for consumers and the environment.
The puffins and other native seabirds in my constituency on the Isle of May were very grateful for the ban on sand eel fishing and trawling, but that ban is now subject to legal challenge.
Will the Secretary of State commit to fighting that legal challenge?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
That is a delicate issue because it has been raised by the European Union, but we are absolutely determined to maintain our position.