My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is extraordinary, given all the sound and fury from the Opposition, that they did not even spend the money that was available.
This Government will ensure that every penny we have gets to farmers, because we are on the side of British farmers, rather than whipping them up in the kind of irresponsible way that the Conservative party has been doing.
Family farms across West Dorset fear closure as a result of the Government’s planned changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief, and I urge Ministers to rethink the policy.
The Budget also included the announcement of a UK carbon border adjustment mechanism to be introduced on 1 January 2027.
That will place a carbon price on goods imported to the UK, including fertiliser.
A carbon tax on fertiliser will only increase the cost of production for farmers struggling to compete with cheap imports, and drive up costs for consumers.
What assessment has been made of that?
The proposal for a carbon border adjustment mechanism was supported by the previous Government, and we have confirmed it.
It is complicated in the way it will work, and it will not affect people before 2027-28.
The Liberal Democrats have shown once again that when it comes to environmental issues, they cannot be trusted.
Residents in Woodborough village have faced the devastation of flooding far too many times in recent years.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State therefore work with me, Woodborough flood action group and Woodborough parish council to bring forward a much-needed flood alleviation scheme for that village?
Protecting communities from flooding is a top priority.
That is why we have launched the flood resilience taskforce and are investing £2.4 billion over this year and the next to improve flood resilience.
We have also announced another £50 million investment into the internal drainage boards.
I commend my hon.
Friend for his work with local flood action groups, and I am keen to hear how the matter progresses throughout this Parliament.
Last year, the River Lambourn suffered 266 sewage spills from storm overflows, causing irreversible harm to a rare chalk stream.
Will the relevant Minister meet me urgently to discuss plans to address that in Newbury?
I can certainly ensure that the relevant Minister meets the hon.
Gentleman.
I hope that he will also feed his views into Sir Jon Cunliffe’s review, as Sir Jon will be considering catchment-wide approaches that will better protect chalk streams.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State update the House on progress in creating three new national forests, and, as it is my birthday, may I extend to him an invitation to visit Macclesfield forest in my constituency?
I wish my hon.
Friend a very happy birthday, and I join him in celebrating the 75-year anniversary of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949.
That pioneering Labour Government created groundbreaking laws so that every citizen could have access to nature’s beauty.
We will protect that access, and we will set up three new national forests—and who knows where they will be?
In our increasingly volatile world, I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that food security is of growing importance to our national resilience.
I hope he will commit the new Government to continuing to publish the annual food security index, with the next update coming at next year’s farm to fork summit.
It is a pleasure to take a question from the distinguished former Prime Minister.
We are reviewing the data that we can publish, and we want to be as open and transparent as possible.
I think that is good for the sector and good for scrutiny, but we will announce in due course precisely how it will operate.