Will the Minister join me in congratulating the work of my internal drainage board and outline how she will work with it in future?
I was delighted to speak at the Association of Drainage Authorities conference yesterday, to champion its work and to announce that, after listening to it very carefully, we will provide £50 million over two years—[Interruption.]
In answer to the chuntering, the first part has already been spent.
Many of my constituents who live south of Salisbury are concerned about the interaction between flood risk assessments and new house building.
Will the Minister assure the House that her work is fully integrated with the Government’s house building plans so that people can be reassured that, when land is designated for building new homes, flood risk is properly taken into account so that house building is restricted if there are no mitigations in place?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of ensuring adequate flood protection when we build new homes.
Yesterday, we announced a review of the flood funding formula.
We will be looking at nature-based solutions and sustainable urban drainage systems, so I hope that offers him some reassurance.
I associate myself with the Minister’s remarks about the flood victims in Spain.
Flood victims in Tenbury Wells were concerned to see in the Budget Red Book that capital spending on flood defences is under review.
Will the Minister tell the House whether the bid that she will be making to the spending review for flood defences will be higher or lower than it is currently?
The hon.
Lady and I have met many times to discuss the issue of flooding.
I can reassure her that we will be investing £2.4 billion over the next two years to improve flood resilience by maintaining, repairing and building flood defences.
What steps he is taking to help tackle unlawful discharges of sewage into waterways by water companies.
What steps his Department is taking to help prevent water pollution by utility companies.