I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a vice-president of the Local Government Association; Opposition Front Benchers might want to reflect on that.
My hon.
Friend mentioned front; I could talk about the Opposition’s brass neck in talking about concerns about the pressures that local councils face.
Does he agree that 14 years of Conservative austerity, initially with the Liberal Democrats, devastated the ability of many councils, including Luton council, to provide much- needed services to families in our constituencies?
I have been a local councillor, as have many Members of this House.
The hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  has been a council leader, so he will know what has happened to the system over the past 14 years.
The Opposition continue to claim that there is a multibillion-pound black hole in local council budgets.
When asked how they would fix it, however, they said, “It’s not for us to do; we’re in opposition.
It’s for the Government.”
It is a classic policy of having no plan to fix the mess.
They have provided no clarity on their position on thresholds, and failed to take responsibility for what they did over 14 years in government.
My Conservative-controlled council in the London borough of Bexley had to apply for a capitalisation order three years ago and make 15% of our staff redundant.
Despite that, it still overspent its budget every month for over two years, and is currently overspending on the safety valve agreement made with the previous Government.
In addition, the Conservative leader of the council, in responding to a question from me last year, accepted that she was part of the LGA Conservative group executive that published a manifesto last year asking their own Government to remove caps on council tax.
Given that, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is rank hypocrisy for the Conservative party to complain now about black holes in council finances?
I absolutely do, and the Government are determined to extract from the Opposition some clarity on their position on thresholds.
Do they agree with the LGA Conservative group, which has called for the caps on council tax to be removed?
Do they want those caps to be reduced?
We are still none the wiser.
Hopefully, we can find out in the weeks and months to come.
As a member of a council for more than 30 years—like other Members of this House, I am still one—I have to say that, in the last few years, I have not met a single councillor from any political party across the local government family who does not believe that local government finance is in its worst state for decades.
The latest LGA figures indicate that in Labour authorities, council tax is £276 lower than in Conservative authorities.
Does the Minister agree that this shows that Labour councils, the Labour party and the Labour Government provide better value for money?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Labour councils charge less on average than Tory councils, and the councils with the lowest rates of council tax are all Labour.
Council tax bills in Labour councils are on average £345 less than in Tory councils.
When it comes to local government financing and council tax pressures, people are right to vote Labour.
It will ensure that their council tax is lower than if they were under a Conservative local authority.
I am a former local government leader.
Does the Minister agree that we should thank local authority leaders, especially Labour leaders such as Pete Marland at Milton Keynes city council, for keeping services during 14 years of austerity?
Milton Keynes city council has kept weekly bin collections, kept children’s centres open and reduced rough sleeping, while keeping council tax lower than in its neighbouring Tory authorities.
Does the Minister agree that instead of using local authority leaders to make cheap political points, the Conservative party should thank them and apologise for 14 years of austerity?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I extend the Government’s appreciation to all local government leaders—I mean that in a cross-party spirit—for what they have done to keep services going despite the pressures that they have faced over the past 14 years, when the previous Government ran down local government.
We should thank local government leaders, and this Government do.
We want to consult them on how we rebuild the system after 14 years of pressure, and we would be more than happy to work across the Chamber and have a mature, cross-party conversation about we fix this mess.
That will not happen if the political game-playing from the Opposition continues.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on primary care providers, hospices and care homes.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for asking this important question.
It gives me the opportunity to say to GPs, dentists, hospices and every part of the health and care system that will be affected by changes to employer national insurance contributions that this Government understand the pressures they face and take their representations seriously.
The Chancellor took into account the impact of changes to national insurance when she allocated an extra £26 billion to the Department of Health and Social Care.
There are well-established processes for agreeing funding allocations across the system, and we are going through those processes now with this issue in mind.
This Government inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances, broken public services and a stagnant economy.
Upon taking office we were told that the deficit the previous Government recklessly ran up in my Department alone would mean delivering 20,000 fewer appointments a week instead of the 40,000 more we promised.
The Chancellor and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State were not prepared to see further decline in our NHS.
That is why we put in an extra £1.8 billion to stop the NHS going into reverse this year.
We built on that at the Budget, delivering the significant investment that the NHS needs to get back on its feet, backing staff with investment in modern technology, new scanners and new surgical hubs, and rebuilding our crumbling primary and secondary care estate.
Alongside that, we delivered a real-terms increase in core local government spending power of around 3.2%, which will help to address the range of pressures facing the adult social care sector, including £600 million in new grant funding for social care.
We are now working through exactly how that money will be allocated, as per normal processes.
As the Secretary of State set out yesterday, we will ensure that every pound is invested wisely to deliver the Government’s priorities and provide value to taxpayers.
The Department will set out further details on the allocation of funding in due course, including through NHS planning guidance and the usual consultations, including on the general practice contract.
As part of these processes, we will consider the impact of changes announced to employer national insurance contributions in a fair and open way over the next five months, before the changes come into force in April 2025.
I draw the House’s attention to my declaration of interests.
Many in the health sector will have been pleased to hear the announcement of the extra funding for the NHS, only for their joy to be struck down by the realisation that a manifesto promise not to raise national insurance contributions had been broken.
That was compounded further by the discovery that a raft of frontline care  providers—care homes, hospices, care charities, pharmacies and GPs, to name but a few—will not be exempt from the NI rise, leaving them with crippling staff bills and the threat of closures and redundancies.
The hospice sector expects the cost to be £30 million—closures and redundancies.
The initial assessment of the cost to GPs is £260 million—closures and redundancies, at the expense of 2.2 million appointments.
For the care sector, the changes will cost £2.4 billion, dwarfing the £600 million in social care support that was announced.
Does the Minister accept that it is inevitable that council tax will have to rise to support the increase in NICs?
For the first time, the National Pharmacy Association has announced collective action.
Its chair said: “The sense of anger among pharmacy owners has been intensified exponentially by the Budget, with its hike in national insurance employers’ contributions and the unfunded national living wage increase, which has tipped even more pharmacies to the brink.”
Will the Minister clarify who is exempt from NI?
Will the Government admit that they got it wrong and make a change?
The Prime Minister, Health Secretary and Chancellor have all said that allocations will be made “in the usual way”.
Will the Minister clarify what the usual way is?
Will mitigations be put in black and white to the House and the public?
Is this part of the £20 billion, or new funding?
More importantly, will the Minister lay out a concrete timetable for hospices, care homes, GPs, pharmacists and all other allied health professionals, who are making decisions now?
This seems to be another example of a big headline from the Labour party but no detail.
Well, really.
I am quite dumbfounded by the hon.
Gentleman’s response.
I respect him for his professional practice, and he knows the state of the NHS that we inherited from the previous Government, as reported in Lord Darzi’s report.
He talks about joy, but there was no joy when we inherited the mess they left back in July.
He talks about people being tipped to the brink, and they absolutely were, as Lord Darzi made clear.
As I said, we will go through the allocation of additional funding in the normal process, which will be faster than under the previous Government because we are committed to giving the sector much more certainty.
The normal process, as the hon.
Gentleman should know from his time in government, is to go through the mandate and the planning guidance and to talk to the sector about the allocations due next April, as I said in my opening statement.
Does my hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the Opposition’s new interest in social care?
Does she further agree that the problems that social care faces owe more to the previous Government’s failure to do anything with Andrew Dilnot’s 2011 report than they do to anything that is happening now with national insurance?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
When I joined this House in 2015, I remember that the first act of the new, non-coalition Conservative Government was to take the legs from underneath that social care commitment by postponing the Care Act 2014.
They cynically said at the time that they would bring it forward by 2020, which they thought would coincide with the next general election.
We all saw how that went.