I congratulate the Secretary of State, and indeed the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the achievement of the Budget: in 23 years in this House, I have never seen such a degree of unity among farming organisations in their response to it.
One point on which there seems to be no disagreement is that the removal of the ringfence around agricultural payments to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is a bad move.
Nobody asked for it.
Why did the Government do it, and what do they expect to achieve with it?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we have announced the biggest Budget for sustainable farming—£5 billion over the next two years—in the history of our country, and that is to be welcomed by everybody in the sector and everybody who cares about it.
This is a Government who believe in devolution.
We believe that devolved Administrations should have the right to take decisions about their own countries.
The consequentials mean that the appropriate level of funding will continue to go to those devolved Administrations, and our support for devolution means that the devolved Administrations will take their own decisions about the best way to spend it.
Chester zoo, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chester North and Neston (Samantha Dixon) , does important and nationally leading conservation work.
Zoos nationwide have faced regulatory uncertainty for nearly three years because of the previous Government’s delay in publishing new zoo standards.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State set out when the Department plans to publish the updated version of the standards of modern zoo practice, to drive improvements in animal welfare and provide certainty to those institutions?
I have visited Chester zoo and seen the wonderful work that it does in species conservation.
I will endeavour to write to my hon.
Friend to update him on the regulations.
The Government have justified their inheritance tax changes for farmers on the basis that they are concerned about people gaining short-term tax advantage by buying agricultural land.
May I therefore ask whether, instead of the sweeping changes that they made, the Government considered an approach that would limit the IHT exemption to those who could demonstrate that the family farm had been in family ownership for a certain number of years?
If that approach was explored, why was it not pursued?
If it was not explored, why not?
We have had a lot of debate about this issue, and I am perfectly happy to have discussions with hon.
Members about the tax regime in general.
One of the beneficial aspects of this policy may be to get the generational shift that farming in this country  needs so much.
There are many parts to this policy.
It is a complicated policy, and in future we will have further discussions.
On 2 and  3 November , a massive burst water main in my constituency left 8,000 homes without water for more than 12 hours.
The response of the water company, South Staffs Water, was slow, ineffective and secretive.
Will the Minister remind South Staffs Water, and all water companies, of their responsibilities to help residents and work with local stakeholders following an incident?
What a tireless champion my hon.
Friend has been in campaigning on this issue.
She is quite right to feel offended by the poor level of communication she has had from the water company, and I hope that it hears the message loud and clear that water companies need to work with, and communicate more effectively with, Members of Parliament in the areas that they represent.
This week, John McTernan, an adviser to Tony Blair, publicly stated that farming should be treated in the same way that Margaret Thatcher treated the miners, and that it was an industry the country could “do without”.
As a farmer, I find this incorrect, offensive and deluded.
Does the Minister agree?
Yes.
The Solicitor General was asked— What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases in relation to violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases in relation to violence against women and girls.
This Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls in the next decade.
We are not only fixing the foundations of our economy, but rebuilding trust in our criminal justice system, with an additional £49 million in the Budget for the Crown Prosecution Service.
This will mean additional specialists in rape and serious sexual offences, boosting investigators to tackle those awful offences.
Last year, over 3,000 women in Sandwell were victims of domestic abuse.
Getting cases through the justice system quicker is vital to breaking the cycle of abuse and protecting victims, so can the Minister set out further what the Government are doing to make sure the police and prosecutors work together to tackle domestic abuse?