Will the Minister rule out additional council tax bands being among any changes that the Government make?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we are not talking about council tax bands in this urgent question; we are talking about the thresholds that remain in place.
We are committed to those thresholds.
As I am sure you would expect, Mr Speaker, we will set out more details about the local government finance settlement at the appropriate point next year, in the usual way.
Areas like Hull city council were savaged by the previous Government when it came to funding—absolutely savaged, to the point where they were almost on their knees.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister tell the House what the Government are doing for areas of high deprivation like Hull?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The damage done to local government over the 14 years in which the Conservatives were in office is profound.
We have inherited, as I said, a system on the verge of collapse.
We are absolutely committed, as part of rebuilding that system from the ground up, to a fair funding settlement.
As I say, the Minister for Local Government will announce more details in the upcoming local government finance settlement in the new year.
Local authorities across the country will welcome multi-year settlements, so they can plan for the future.
However, does the Minister have any plans whatever for a revaluation of properties, given that properties were originally valued back in 1992, when council tax began?
The hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts)  and I produced a Select Committee report on what could be done to ensure that councils need not be strictly neutral in terms of finance, and could revalue properties to bring valuations up to date.
The hon.
Gentleman tempts me to discuss the local government finance settlement ahead of it being formally presented to the House.
I am afraid I cannot do that, but the Government have heard his point, and I will ensure that it is passed on to the Local Government Minister.
As a councillor, I saw 14 years of austerity and cuts to local government, and a 93% cut equivalent for my council in Medway.
The opposition, the Medway Conservative group, recently stated that it would not only scrap the  recent council tax cap, but introduce a local income tax on residents.
Does the Minister agree that there needs to be consistency on this issue, whereas the Opposition’s approach is to say, in one case, “Scrap the cap,” and in another, “Keep it”?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right and we still have not had an answer: we do not know the Opposition’s position on thresholds.
[Interruption.]
We are in government, as  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  chunters from a sedentary position, and we have confirmed that when it comes to thresholds, we intend to maintain the position as it was under the previous Government, and as baked into the Office for Budget Responsibility forecast for the spending period.
The Opposition really do have to answer this question: are they saying that the thresholds should be removed or increased, or are they saying that they should be reduced and core services cut?
Unfortunately, it is not for the Opposition to answer the questions—they are in opposition.
The Chancellor and the International Monetary Fund are known to favour ending council tax and replacing it with a wider property tax.
The Welsh Labour Government tried to revalue all the properties in Wales for council tax purposes.
Can the Government rule out doing either of those things?
I am not going to get into speculating about more fundamental reform of the council tax system.
As I have in a number of my responses to this urgent question, the Government will set out their position on the thresholds, and on other matters in respect of the local government finance settlement, at the appropriate point early in the new year.
York is the lowest-funded unitary authority in the country, but has one of the highest costs of living.
That puts real pressure on it.
We are also among the poorest-funded for health, fire and police services.
When the Minister looks at the funding formula for local government, will he look at the presumptions made, to ensure more equity in the way it is put together?
As I have said repeatedly— I commit to it again—we are determined to ensure that there is a fair funding settlement for local government, and as I have said, more details will be forthcoming in the settlement early next year.
Labour used to say that it would freeze council tax.
Can the Minister now confirm that its policy is actually to put council tax up because of the flawed, broken promise on national insurance?
No, that is not the case.
We are maintaining the policy of the previous Government, which, as per the OBR forecast, estimated that £1.8 billion will be raised through council tax.
The position of the Government is that it will maintain the thresholds.
If the hon.
Gentleman thinks differently, he should tell House what his position is on thresholds: should they be reduced or increased?
I am pleased about the support for first and second-tier councils and the commitment to fair funding, which will make a real difference in, for instance, Cornwall.
However, in unitary authorities such as ours, where a great many services have been shared, larger town councils have had to step up and take the strain, but have not had the grants and other measures that have been available to those first and second-tier councils.
Could the appropriate Minister meet me to discuss the position of larger town councils in Cornwall?
I am more than happy to commit the Local Government Minister to a meeting with my hon.
Friend.
During Prime Minister’s questions yesterday, the Government accepted that they were giving councils a maximum of £600 million, but the Local Government Association has said that there is £2.4 billion worth of pressure.
Does the Minister accept that councils will have to increase their tax by about £1.8 billion to fill the gap between what the Government are offering them and what they need to provide local services?
As I have made clear, we do not recognise the £2.4 billion figure.
It fails to take into account increases that I have already mentioned, such as the £300 million increase in business rates income and the £300 million increase in income from new, additional houses.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we expect council tax to raise £1.8 billion in 2025-26, but that is in line with the previous Government’s spending plans and baked into the OBR forecast as of March 2024.
As a former deputy council leader, I am somewhat amazed by the collective amnesia of Conservative Members.
The hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  spoke of what “constrains” local government spending power.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is 60% cuts, such as those that Southampton city council has suffered for 14 years, that have really reduced that spending power, and does he agree that rather than faux outrage, what we need is an apology?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We deserve an apology, but I doubt that we will get one.
Before 2010, it was vanishingly rare for councils to fall into serious financial difficulty.
Since then, nine councils have been affected in just 14 years.
There is a pattern here.
For too long, the Conservative Government not only failed to carry out their duty to local government, but hollowed out frontline services and crashed the economy.
We are turning that around with the support that we are providing to local government in the Budget.
We will set out more details in the local government settlement early next year, as I have mentioned.
As the Minister will know, although we do not have council tax per se in Northern Ireland, the pressures on our family finances  are on a par with those on the UK mainland.
The Government need to be clear about just how much further the finances of average families will be stretched, because this is a very worrying trend.
What extra help can families, especially disabled families, expect to receive this year?