Britain’s farmers, who feed us and care for our environment, deserve better than the betrayal they received under the last Conservative Government, and better than the attacks in this Government’s recent Budget.
In Cumbria alone some 1,400 family farmers, many of whom live on less than the minimum wage, will be hit by this tax, but the more immediate threat to farming is the Government’s rash decision to cut the basic payment by 76% next year.
That will hit livestock farmers, upland farmers and dairy farmers, and destabilise the whole industry.
Will the Minister think again?
The changes we have made this year are the biggest boost to sustainable farming that this country has seen—that is the agricultural transition.
The Liberal Democrats have always been flaky on this issue, and they have never been able to make up their minds what they think about it.
We are determined to tackle the extreme climate crisis globally; they seem to think it is not happening.
What steps he plans to take to help tackle fly-tipping.
What steps he plans to take to help tackle fly-tipping.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle fly-tipping in rural areas.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle fly-tipping.
May I begin by wishing His Majesty the King a very happy birthday?
I am sure the sentiment is echoed on both sides of the House.
Fly-tipping has increased after years of Conservative failure, leaving a plague of dumped rubbish across our streets, parks and cities and imposing huge costs on taxpayers and businesses.
This new Labour Government will end our throwaway society and stop the avalanche of rubbish filling up our streets by increasing recycling rates, reducing waste and cracking down on waste crime.
In 2022-23, North Warwickshire borough council recorded 912 incidents of fly-tipping and took 172 investigation actions, yet only one fixed penalty notice was issued.
This meant that farmers often picked up the cost of removing the problem, and criminal  gangs were allowed to get away scot-free.
Does the Minister agree that more must be done by the council to prosecute incidents of fly-tipping?
I can tell my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour that local authorities have the power to issue fixed penalty notices—on-the-spot fines—of up to £1,000, but one fixed penalty notice is completely inadequate given the scale of the problem she outlined.
The low rates of fixed penalty notices and prosecutions mean that this is a consequence-free crime.
We are on a mission to improve that, and I hope her council will work with us to improve its record.
Sandwell Litter Watch does a great job of keeping our streets clean, but it and the council cannot overcome the selfish behaviour of fly-tippers, who dump rubbish all over the borough, from Yew Tree to Oldbury.
Incidents of fly-tipping in Sandwell are now double the national average.
Will the Minister set out further how the Government are working with councils to catch and punish these dreadful fly-tippers?
I pay tribute to Sandwell Litter Watch, and to Destination Barr Hill in my constituency, who get out and about every weekend to clean up other people’s mess.
We will crack down on fly-tipping, establishing clean-up squads and forcing those who dump rubbish or vandalise our fields to join in the clean-up.
The National Fly-Tipping Prevention Group has produced a guide on how local authorities can present robust prosecutions to support tougher sentences.
The Government will also explore further options with the Ministry of Justice’s sentencing review.
I am afraid that I have to add to the litany of terrible statistics about fly-tipping in rural areas: there were over 1,500 incidents of rural fly-tipping in my constituency of Redditch, with only one fixed penalty notice given to an offender.
Can the Minister tell us more about how she hopes to work with local authorities like mine to ensure that the people committing these crimes are brought to justice?
I understand that my hon.
Friend’s council has just changed political colour, so I hope that the new Labour administration will take the problem a lot more seriously.
I am aware that waste permit exemptions allow low-risk waste activities to be carried out under a registration scheme, and that that can be abused by criminals.
Let us not be under any illusion: there is serious organised crime in this area.
I am considering proposals to tighten the regime, and I am happy to speak to my hon.
Friend’s council about how we tackle this together.
Fly-tipping is a growing concern among residents of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages.
Many constituents are increasingly frustrated with the persistent illegal dumping of waste.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how her Department is cleaning up the mess left by the last Government and how the proposed measures will directly address fly-tipping and improve the situation for my constituents?
I am aware of some serious incidents in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, including one where a significant amount of rubbish was fly-tipped on a driveway  near a school and pupils suffered bad health impacts.
I am concerned that the carrier, broker and dealer regime that the last Government left is far too weak and not fit for purpose.
I am actively considering how the regime can be reviewed, and I will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to hear her input.
It is nice to see the hon.
Lady back in the House and elevated to a Government position—well done.
The Northern Ireland Environment Agency has revealed that it has cleaned up some 306 illegal waste sites in the last two years, with taxpayers footing the bill of half a million pounds—equivalent to 15 nurses’ wages.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Minister in the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs back home in Northern Ireland about the cost associated with fly-tipping?