The Liberal Democrats are deeply concerned that people are simply paying more council tax for fewer services.
That is quite clearly the result of Conservative tax cuts and their failure to tackle social care.
As a former council leader, I know that the burden on councils has increased to such an extent that they are forced to make impossible choices.
The burden and the costs that councils of all colours have to shoulder as a result of the Conservative Government’s policies must be reviewed.
Will the Minister ensure that councils do not have to close libraries, cut bus routes and reduce road repairs in order to meet the growing demands of the most vulnerable members of our community?
Despite the announcement in the Budget, will the Minister recognise the LGA analysis that councils face a £6.9 billion shortfall because of inflation, increased wage demands and demand pressures on local services?
The Government certainly recognise the pressures on local authorities and the burdens placed on households as a result of 14 years in which local government was run down.
We are determined to turn that situation around, as I have said, by providing the headroom that local authorities need to get ahead of some of the challenges that they have faced for many years.
That is why the more than £4 billion in new local government funding announced at the Budget, including an additional £1.3 million in the local government finance settlement, has been so warmly welcomed.
That brings the total real-terms increase in core spending to around 3.2%.
We remain committed to the 5% referendum cap—we believe that is the right threshold.
To protect the most vulnerable, we are also committed to the single-person discount and local council tax support schemes, under which, as I am sure the hon.
Gentleman is aware, more than 8 million households do not pay a full council tax bill.
I really do not know how the Opposition spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds) , can stand there and talk about cuts and shortfalls with a straight face.
We know where responsibility lies—and on the Lib Dem Benches as well.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I think that  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  will want that Yorkshire cup of tea.
It will come very quickly if he carries on.
I call Clive Betts—another Yorkshireman.
Let me take my hon.
Friend on a trip down memory lane.
When I first became a councillor—only 48 years ago—councils had the freedom to raise rates for domestic and non-domestic property.
Should we not, at some point, start a conversation with councils and the wider public about whether thresholds at all are appropriate?
Councils in this country have less freedom to raise local taxation than virtually any other councils in western Europe.
Council tax itself is regressive, both between individuals and between different local authorities.
Can we not start that conversation at some point?