The Minister talked about community-owned energy companies similar to Great British Energy.
There have been experiences of that; there was Robin Hood Energy in Nottingham, which ended up costing taxpayers a huge amount of money in the long term.
I am interested to know whether the Government are investing in the bits that the private sector will not invest in.
How can they guarantee the returns that the Minister is talking about, and how can they guarantee that the policy will not cost taxpayers more in the future?
As a former member of the Public Accounts Committee, I do not want to see, when I look into this in a few years’ time, that taxpayers were left on the hook when the private sector would not step in.
On the overall costs of the net zero plans, in the run-up to the general election, the Labour party dropped its commitment to spending £28 billion a year on moving towards the 2030 target.
I really could do with clarity from the Government on the figures that they are looking at, given that in the months preceding the general election, shadow Ministers talked about it potentially costing hundreds of billions of pounds to get to that target.
As I mentioned in an intervention on the Liberal Democrat Front Bencher,  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) , on energy infrastructure, the impact would be on communities such as Billericay, Bearsted, and Laindon in my constituency, where there would be 160-foot pylons right down the centre of an area of unspoilt countryside.
I really would ask the Government to reflect on that, particularly as Germany is moving to an underground-first approach.
If the Germans can do it, I do not see why we cannot.
It was in the Conservative manifesto.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and congratulations on your new role.
I also congratulate  the hon.
Member for East Thanet (Ms Billington) , with whom I worked before we both came to this Chamber, through UK100 and elsewhere, on local climate action, which I will speak much about today.
I also congratulate the Minister and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
It means a great deal to me to make my maiden speech during a debate in which the new Government are setting out green energy policies and plans to get us back on track with our climate pledges here at home, so that we can once again contribute on the international stage towards collective global action.
Closer to home, Government research shows that local climate action would achieve net zero for half the cost of the national approach and deliver three times the financial returns, but we need a clear framework between the national and the local and for how councils fit into the national plan for net zero, including community energy initiatives.
Let me say how proud and humbled I am by the faith the residents of beautiful South Cambridgeshire have put in me.
They wanted change, and this was a truly historic result.
The Liberal Democrats won all three Cambridgeshire seats, turning them from blue to yellow for the first time, forming a golden ring around the constituency of the Minister of State, Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) .
I congratulate him on his appointment as the Minister for farming.
We have a golden ring, or rather a golden doughnut with red jam in the middle, and it is thanks to family, friends and activists, many of them here today, that that happened.
I am a lass from Hull, whose dad was a GP and mum a nurse.
From an early age, I accompanied my dad on his home visits to patients, and it was those roots in the NHS that fostered in me a deep sense of community service, as well as an insight into the links between inequality, child poverty and poor health outcomes.
That is why I am proud that the Liberal Democrats put the NHS and social care at the forefront of our campaign, after years of Conservative chaos and neglect left the NHS on its knees.
I will continue to campaign to get fairer funding for our GPs in Cambridgeshire, because the unfair funding formula in Cambridgeshire is leaving GPs struggling to keep their heads above water.
Inequality was a cruel determinant in the covid pandemic and led to many avoidable deaths.
South Cambridgeshire helped avoid more.
It was here that the quick deciphering of the covid virus’s genetic code allowed for the vaccines to be developed straightaway.
That partly explains why they were available in record time.
The researchers then continued to detect the variants as they emerged.
It was truly lifesaving.
That is part of the reason why semi-rural South Cambridgeshire is fast changing.
It is now home to world-leading innovation, with Europe’s largest biomedical centre and the Wellcome Genome Campus, as well as more than 8,000 start-ups and businesses, most of which are small or medium-sized enterprises.
Our world-leading tech and life science sectors are among the biggest contributors to the country’s economy, and I invite the Government to recognise that.
They are the goose that lays the golden egg, which is why their future needs to be shaped carefully with and through the local authorities, giving local people a voice and tackling affordable housing, the water supply, transport and grid infrastructure gaps in a way that allows communities, businesses and nature to thrive.
That is why I would like to pay my respects to my predecessor, Anthony Browne, who worked hard to raise those issues.
He supported the calls on Government to tackle the water crisis, and I look forward to continuing  his work supporting the campaigns for the new cancer and children’s hospitals, too.
I also pay tribute to his predecessor, Heidi Allen, who is still remembered fondly by many residents.
Sadly, Heidi stood down from politics as a result of the abuse that many MPs—mainly women —face.
In her words, “Of course public scrutiny is to be expected, but lines are all too often regularly crossed and the effect is utterly dehumanising.”
Heidi had become an MP to stand up for the vulnerable and for those who have no voice.
Now, more than ever, I want to continue their work by helping to ensure that there is a positive and inclusive vision for all in South Cambridgeshire where no one is left behind.
It is distressing that 15% of children in my constituency are living in poverty, with increasing numbers dependent on food banks and free school meals, isolated in villages with no public transport.
This inclusive vision must include our unique and precious chalk streams that connect us—our blue veins; the silvery threads weaving together our villages.
We have the Granta that twinkles through Stapleford, Linton and Balsham; the River Shep that starts in Fowlmere nature reserve and flows through Shepreth and Barrington villages; the River Rhee that flows through Haslingfield and Harston; the Mel that rises in Melbourn and flows through Meldreth; and the Fulbourn and Wilbraham chalk streams.
Residents are rightly outraged at the dumping of raw sewage in these streams and rivers.
I urge the Government to get tougher with the water companies.
Together with the Government, I will champion breathing new life into the Chalk Streams (Protections) Bill.
I have worked professionally for many years with Governments around the world to integrate climate and nature into growth plans, mediating agreements where benefits can flow to local communities.
What motivates me most is how young people see their future.
A recent study on young people found that too many had climate anxiety.
Their most used words were fear, anger, frustration and worry.
There were two main reasons why they felt this way: first, they did not think that decision makers listened to them; and, secondly, they thought that decision makers did not care or take the right decisions for their future.
I have met many young people in South Cambridgeshire who feel this way, and they want action on the twin climate and nature emergencies.
I speak to them now: I want what we do in this Chamber to restore your faith and give you agency, so that together we can be the change that we want.
I congratulate you on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate hon.
Members on discharging their responsibilities and delivering their maiden speeches, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) —I am sure he will correct my pronunciation and give me some honest feedback.
I also welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , to the Front Bench.
It is timely that I am making my maiden speech on a day when we are discussing how Scotland might shape the energy needs of these islands for many decades to come.