It is a delight to welcome you to your new position, Madam Deputy Speaker, which I am sure you will fill with great aplomb, as you have done other positions that I have seen you in over the past few years in this House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Lowestoft (Jess Asato)  on her maiden speech.
It was very interesting to hear about her background in the charity sector.
Her tribute to former Members who were inspirations to her and who have passed away was very moving.
I know in what high regard Tessa Jowell was held, particularly by those on the Labour Benches.
It was also very nice to hear her tribute to Peter Aldous.
He is a calm and quiet man in some ways, but he is also a very kind man who really did stand up for his constituents on many of the important issues that she mentioned.
He will be missed by those on the Conservative Benches.
One of the first things that I did when I was a new Member was try to speak to constituency neighbours from other parties.
Those conversations can be incredibly helpful and revealing, and can ensure that you work together on local issues that should really transcend party lines.
I spoke just yesterday with  the hon.
Member for North Durham (Luke Akehurst) , who has taken an area of my former constituency.
I hope the hon.
Lady does that, and takes advantage of the all-party parliamentary groups.
One of my best baptisms was with  the hon.
Member for Neath and Swansea East (Carolyn Harris) , who was superb on the APPG for gambling-related harm.
We worked together cross-party with MPs from Northern Ireland, the Liberal Democrats and the SNP, so I urge the hon.
Member for Lowestoft to delve into the APPGs.
She gave a fantastic maiden speech.
Thank you very much for calling me to speak, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I want to touch on a couple of points that have been raised already, and then touch on a few local issues for my constituents, as well as making slight mention of a couple of national issues.
The previous Government’s record is clear.
We started with 7% of our electricity coming from renewable sources and ended with 50%.
That was a good move for the long-term interests of the country.
However, as the Committee on Climate Change says, and as I mentioned in an intervention, there will still be a need for oil and gas in the long term in our country.
There is a manufacturing base for delivering that, which often works symbiotically with our manufacturing base for new offshore wind.
I really hope that the Government think about and recognise that.
When it comes to our energy security, I do not want our country at the mercy of foreign powers.
I urge  them to really think about the impact that not pressing ahead with new oil and gas in the North sea is having on constituencies, particularly in the energy heart of our country, around Aberdeenshire in Scotland.
We will require it, so I think that is a mistake.
I sort of understand politically why they might have gone for that, but I really urge them to think again in the national interest.
Since 2010, there has been over £300 billion of investment in our energy sector from the private sector.
Whatever we do, it will be private sector-led.
The relatively small investment figures that the Government have been talking about has been reflected on.
I just urge them to ensure that whatever happens is private sector-led, and delivers the really good long-term jobs and growth for the country that we have been talking about and have secured over the last few years.
I want to pick up on a few things that the Government have said.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho)  mentioned the £300 a year, but the Minister did not cover that.
Could he provide clarity on that issue?
It is something that constituents up and down the country will think about.