I start by reiterating that the inquiry’s final report laid bare harrowing aspects of the scandal that make it vital that we provide regular updates on this work.
The infected blood scandal is an injustice on an unprecedented scale that spans decades.
Thousands of people have died and, sadly, continue to die every week.
Lives have been shattered and the voices of victims have been ignored for decades.
People have watched their loved ones die and—this is one of the most chilling facts that the inquiry brought to light—children were used as objects of research.
It is hard to conceive of the scale of the damage done and the incredible suffering of all those impacted.
On  20 May , the country bore witness to the devastating findings of the infected blood inquiry’s report.
It was a national moment, a profound moment of shame for the British state, and a moment of long-overdue recognition for the victims and their loved ones.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister, in his former role as Leader of the Opposition, acknowledged that “suffering was caused by wrongdoing, delay and systemic failure” by all parties “across the board, compounded by institutional defensiveness.”
—[Official Report,  20 May 2024 ; Vol. 750, c. 667.]
The former Prime Minister issued an apology on behalf of the state for the devastating impact that the use of infected blood and infected blood products has had on countless lives.
Today, on behalf of this Government, I reiterate that deep and heartfelt sorry.
First, let me reassure the House that the Government are committed to acting on the findings of the infected blood inquiry report to ensure swift resolution.
We are also committed to working cross-party, and will work with others to deliver the compensation scheme and get final payments to victims as soon as possible.
It is vital that we shine a penetrating light on the lessons that must be learned, and that includes paying comprehensive compensation to those infected and affected by the infected blood scandal.
I would like to thank hon.
Members who have played prominent roles in pushing the work to this point.
The Minister of State, Home Department, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North and Cottingham (Dame Diana Johnson) , has always been —and I know will continue to be—a powerful advocate  for this cause.
Her work in pushing forward the cause and representing the voice of those infected and affected was unquestionably pivotal to our reaching this point.
I also thank my predecessor as Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) .
As I said yesterday in Cabinet Office questions, I am grateful for his work in the lead-up to the announcement of the compensation scheme, and for his collegiate approach.
I hope that we can continue to work together on this important issue.
The scale of the horror that was uncovered by Sir Brian Langstaff’s report almost defies belief.
One of the issues that the report brought to light is the importance of addressing the unacceptable culture of defensiveness in the public sector.
We must make sure that people’s reputations and protecting institutions are never put above public service.
This Government will bring forward legislation to place a duty of candour on public servants and authorities to make sure that this kind of behaviour cannot happen again.
That legislation must be the catalyst for a changed culture in the public sector by improving transparency and accountability.
It will address the culture of defensiveness and help ensure that the lack of candour uncovered in the infected blood scandal —and, indeed, in too many other instances, such as Hillsborough and Horizon—is not repeated.
We recognise that as well as delivering institutional change, we must provide financial redress to people whose life has been irreversibly and tragically changed as a result of the infected blood scandal.
One of the most powerful conclusions in the inquiry’s report is that an apology is meaningful only if it is accompanied by action, and it is now my responsibility to carry forward this action.
I hope to lead that work not only with the support of this House, but with sensitivity and respect towards the people who have been so unfairly affected by this scandal.
After all that has happened, listening to the voice of victims is crucial, and I will endeavour to work closely with the infected blood community as we progress this work.
I would also like to update the House on the progress being made in establishing the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
The Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 legally created the authority on  24 May , and since that point, the interim chief executive David Foley has been working closely with Sir Robert Francis KC, the interim chair, to set up the compensation service.
It is, frankly, no small task.
The Cabinet Office is supporting the organisation as it recruits and sets up a service that is easy to access and simple to use.
The authority will provide regular updates to the infected blood community and all others interested in its work.
Let me turn to compensation.
On  21 May , I welcomed the former Administration’s announcement on compensation.
There is an urgent need to get money to people in the most timely way possible.
On  24 June , further interim payments of £210,000 were made to beneficiaries of the infected blood support schemes living with infections, bringing the total paid in compensation to victims to more than £1 billion.
However, we recognise that this is not enough, given that many others have also been waiting for far too long.
The Cabinet Office is working closely with the Department of Health and Social Care, the devolved Governments and the administrators of the existing infected blood support schemes to establish the process  for making interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of deceased people who were infected with contaminated blood or blood products, and whose deaths have not yet been recognised.
Work is progressing to ensure that these payments are made as soon as we are able to.
I am pleased to confirm to the House today that applications for these payments will open in October, and we will set out further details in due course.
There is also the matter of the final compensation scheme.
We are committed to delivering this work quickly.
We are also committed to getting it right.
The proposed compensation scheme was published on gov.uk on  21 May , and we are committed, as I indicated yesterday to the shadow Paymaster General, the right hon.
Member for Salisbury, to making regulations to establish the scheme by  24 August , as we are obliged to by the Victims and Prisoners Act.
However, we also recognise the importance of building support and trust among those who will access the scheme.
Sir Robert Francis undertook an engagement exercise in June at the former Government’s request, with the support of all parties.
The exercise engaged those who have been most impacted by the scandal on the content of the compensation scheme.
I have been engaging with Sir Robert to hear his advice following his meetings with members of the infected blood community.
I am considering his advice carefully, with a view to publishing both his report and the Government’s position on it in advance of  24 August .
Finally, I reassure the House that there will be an opportunity to fully debate the content of the inquiry’s final report.
I am conscious that given the timing of the recent election, there has not yet been time for right hon.
and hon.
Members to do so.
It is essential, in my view, that Members of this House have enough time to digest and debate the devastating findings of the report.
The Government are considering Sir Brian Langstaff’s recommendations, and we will provide an update to Parliament by the end of the year on the progress that we are making on responding to the inquiry’s recommendations, as Sir Brian recommended in the report.
The infected blood scandal is one of the gravest injustices this country has seen.
I want to end by paying tribute to the courage and determination of the victims of this scandal—those infected and those affected who fought so hard for justice.
At every debate on this issue, we remember that they are at the centre of all this.
It is for them that we must come together to restore the sense that this is a country that can rectify injustice.
They deserve nothing less.
I commend this statement to the House.