Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on your elevation.
I thank the Paymaster General for his statement, and thank him very much for the customarily early sight of his statement this morning.
The findings of the infected blood inquiry remain a shameful moment for the British state.
First of all, I reiterate our apologies to all those whose lives have been changed as a result of this appalling tragedy, which  never should have happened.
On  20 May 2024 , the day of the inquiry’s final report, the then Prime Minister confirmed that the Government would pay comprehensive compensation to those who have been affected and infected, as quickly as possible.
Before the election was called, on  22 May , I took a number of steps to ensure that interim compensation of £210,000 would be paid as quickly as possible to those registered with existing infected blood support schemes, as well as those who registered with the support scheme before the final scheme became operational, and to the estates of those who passed away between then and payments being made.
I am delighted that the Paymaster General this morning confirmed that over £1 billion has now been paid during the run-up to the general election.
The legislation passed on  24 May  established the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to administer the compensation scheme, and appointed Sir Robert Francis as the interim chair.
Sir Robert had previously led the infected blood compensation framework study, and I understand from engagement with senior officials right up till the day of the general election that he undertook a meaningful series of engagement meetings, as the right hon.
Gentleman confirmed, with representatives of the infected and affected communities during the purdah period.
We also accepted the then Opposition’s call for regulations to set up the scheme to be made within three months of the legislation receiving Royal Assent.
We asked for an update to be provided to the House within 25 sitting days of the inquiry’s final report being published.
I believe that the statement this morning honours that.
I welcome the fact that the new Government have continued to prioritise this issue, and to keep the House and, of course, the victims and their families updated on progress.
However, there remain questions, and matters on which I think the infected and affected blood communities would, respectfully, expect me to challenge the Government.
Will the Paymaster General confirm that the debate that I promised after the Whitsun recess could be scheduled for September?
That would give Members a reasonable amount of time over the recess to study this considerable report.
Will he reiterate my commitment to respond to Sir Brian’s recommendations one by one, as quickly as possible, within a comprehensive response to the report?