Attending one of our Nation's military academies not only offers the

opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class

education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding

experiences of their lives.
John Paul brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Findlay High

School, he participated in Gliding Stars Ice Skating, Buckeye Boys

State, High School Business club, and was on the honor role.
Throughout

high school, John Paul was involved in track and field and cross

country, earning his varsity letter in both.
I am confident that he

will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the

Military Academy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating John

Paul Gray on his offer of appointment to the United States Military

Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training and

education available, and I am positive that John Paul will excel during

his career at the Military Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to our

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF GADSDEN STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House's attention

today to recognize the 100th anniversary of Gadsden State Community

College.
Gadsden State is currently under the leadership of President

Dr. Kathy Murphy.
One of the initial founding institutions of Gadsden State is the

Alabama School of Trades.
It was established in 1925 as the first

state-operated trade school in Alabama and the entire southern United

States.
Classes began on September 16, 1925, with 42 students enrolled in the

inaugural class.
Four courses were available: printing, electricity,

bricklaying and cabinetmaking.
All students lived in the newly

constructed dormitory equipped with modern conveniences such as steam

heat and plumbing that featured hot and cold running water.
Students

helped government workmen lay bricks to build the school's first

permanent two-story buildings.
The Alabama School of Trades continued to thrive as a training center

for the area's technical industry with increasing student enrollment

and course offerings.
In 1942, courses were converted to War Training.
At the close of World War II, new courses were added to help veterans

re-enter the workforce such as: Radio, TV, Auto Mechanics, Machine

Shop, Refrigeration, Drafting, Photography, Upholstery, Auto Body,

Barbering, General Farm Dairy, Poultry and Heavy Equipment.
In 1973, the school's name was changed to the Alabama Technical

College and began offering associate in applied technology degrees.
In

1985, the Alabama Technical College merged with Gadsden State Community

College and is now known as the East Broad Campus.
It is home to many

of Gadsden State's workforce development programs such as Precision

Machining, Mechanical Design, Industrial Automation, Welding,

Electrical, Electronic Technology, Salon/Spa, Court Reporting, Truck

Driving, Skid Steer Training, Certified Nursing Assistant, Phlebotomy

and Civil Engineering.
As a result of mergers and expansion of services, Gadsden State is

now a sprawling Community College with five campuses including East

Broad, Wallace Drive, Valley Street (HBCU), Ayers and Cherokee.
Gadsden

State serves Etowah, Calhoun, Cleburne, Cherokee and St. Clair counties

in northeast Alabama.
There are 70 programs of study offered to over

5,000 students.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Gadsden State Community

College a happy 100th anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF SERVICE OF DICK YOUNG

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the remarkable

life and service of Richard ``Dick'' Young, a lifelong member of the

Lancaster, New York community, who recently passed away at the age of

94.
Dick was a proud graduate of Lancaster High School, Class of 1948,

where he served as class president and remained dedicated to keeping

his classmates connected for decades.