Attending one of our Nation's military academies not only offers the

opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class

education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding

experiences of their lives.
Christian brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Elyria

Catholic High School, he participated in National Honor Society,

National Society of High School Scholars, Buckeye Boys State, and was

on the honor roll.
Throughout high school, Christian was involved in

football, wrestling, and track and field, earning his varsity letter in

all three.
I am confident that he will carry the lessons of his student

and athletic leadership to the Air Force Academy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating

Christian Soltis on his offer of appointment to the United States Air

Force Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training

and education available, and I am positive that Christian will excel

during his career at the Air Force Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join

me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins her service to

our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAYDEN SAXTON ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE

UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special

tribute to an outstanding student from Ohio's Fifth Congressional

District.
I am pleased to announce that Jayden Saxton of Fort Jennings,

Ohio, has been offered an appointment to the United States Naval

Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
Jayden's offer of appointment permits him to attend the United States

Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2029.
Attending one

of our Nation's military academies not only offers the opportunity to

serve our country but also guarantees a world-class education while

undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of

their lives.
Jayden brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Ottoville

High School, he participated in student government, FCCLA, National

Honor Society, and was on the honor role.
Throughout high school,

Jayden was involved in soccer, earning his varsity letter and becoming

team captain.
I am confident that he will carry the lessons of his

student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Jayden

Saxton on his offer of appointment to the United States Naval Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training and education

available, and I am positive that Jayden will excel during his career

at the Naval Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their

best wishes to him as he begins his service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOHN PAUL GRAY ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE

UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special

tribute to an outstanding student from Ohio's Fifth Congressional

District.
I am pleased to announce that

John Paul Gray of Findlay, Ohio, has been offered an appointment to the

United States Military Academy in West Point, New York.
John Paul's offer of appointment permits him to attend the United

States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2029.
Attending one of our Nation's military academies not only offers the

opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class

education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding

experiences of their lives.
John Paul brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Findlay High

School, he participated in Gliding Stars Ice Skating, Buckeye Boys

State, High School Business club, and was on the honor role.