Furthermore,

this smelt is a critical part of the foodweb in an ecosystem on the

verge of collapse.
H.J. Res.
78 would not only overturn the current

listing of the longfin smelt but prevent it from ever being listed in

the future, no matter how much the threat to this species and its

estuary increased.
I voted against all five of the Congressional Review Act resolutions

that were brought to the floor this week, and I urge the Republican

House Majority to stop bringing these harmful and nonsensical attacks

on our public health and the environment to the House floor.
Stripping

away protections for our wildlife, for our national parks, and for the

very air in our lungs doesn't improve Americans lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I was quarantining after testing positive for

COVID-19 and was unable to vote on April 28 through May 1, 2025.
Had I

been present, I would have voted Nay on the following bills:

Providing for consideration of the joint resolutions H.J. Res.
60,

H.J. Res.
78, H.J. Res.
87, H.J. Res.
88, and H.J. Res.
89--Roll Call

No.
105;

Providing for consideration of the joint resolutions H.J. Res.
60,

H.J. Res.
78, H.J. Res.
87, H.J. Res.
88, and H.J. Res.
89--Roll Call

No.
106;

Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5,

United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Park Service

relating to ``Glen Canyon National Recreation Area: Motor Vehicles''--

Roll Call No.
110;

Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating

to ``CA Motor Vehicle and Engine Pollution Control Standards; Heavy-

Duty Vehicle and Engine Em Warranty and Maintenance Provisions;

Advanced Clean Trucks; Zero Em Airport Shuttle; Zero-Em Power Train

Cert.;
Waiver of Preemption; Notice of Decision''--Roll Call No.
111;

Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating

to ``California State Motor Vehicle and Engine and Nonroad Engine

Pollution Control Standards; The `Omnibus' Low NOX Regulation; Waiver

of Preemption; Notice of Decision''--Roll Call No.
112;

Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the United States

Fish and Wildlife Service relating to ``Endangered and Threatened

Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for the San Francisco

Bay-Delta Distinct Population Segment of the Longfin Smelt''--Roll Call

No.
113; and

Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating

to ``California State Motor Vehicle and Engine Pollution Control

Standards; Advanced Clean Cars II; Waiver of Preemption; Notice of

Decision''--Roll Call No.
114.
I would have voted Yea on the following bills:

Setting Consumer Standards for Lithium-Ion Batteries Act--Roll Call

No.
103;

TAKE IT DOWN Act--Roll Call No.
104;

TICKET Act--Roll Call No.
107;

Youth Poisoning Protection Act--Roll Call No.
108; and

Informing Consumers about Smart Devices Act--Roll Call No.
109.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN SOLTIS ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special

tribute to an outstanding student from Ohio's Fifth Congressional

District.
I am pleased to announce that Christian Soltis of North

Ridgeville, Ohio, has been offered an appointment to the United States

Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Christian's offer of appointment permits him to attend the United

States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2029.
Attending one of our Nation's military academies not only offers the

opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class

education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding

experiences of their lives.
Christian brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Elyria

Catholic High School, he participated in National Honor Society,

National Society of High School Scholars, Buckeye Boys State, and was

on the honor roll.