Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Gettysburg Borough Master Patrol Officer Dennis P. Bevenour, who

retired after serving the community with distinction for over 16 years.
Officer Bevenour joined the Gettysburg Police Department as a

Patrolman in September 2008 and was promoted to Criminal Investigator,

Intelligence Officer and Master Patrol Officer.
He entered law enforcement after a 27-year career in the United

States Air Force.
His impressive record of public service also includes

roles as a volunteer firefighter and Probation and Parole Officer.
Officer Bevenour was widely respected by colleagues and supervisors

for his expertise in criminal investigations.
He was instrumental in

securing grant funding to enhance the security of the borough building

and to upgrade the police department's records management system.
Throughout the Borough of Gettysburg and beyond, Officer Bevenour's

legacy of dedication, professionalism and community service will be

forever respected and appreciated.
On behalf of everyone in Pennsylvania's 13th Congressional District,

I express gratitude to Officer Bevenour for an extraordinary record of

military and public service and offer fond wishes for joy and

contentment in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HOUSE REPUBLICANS SENSELESS ATTACKS ON PUBLIC HEALTH AND OUR

ENVIRONMENT

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, House Republicans just wasted another week

in Washington with no legislation to show for it that would address our

shrinking economy or rising cost of living.
Instead, they launched a series of attacks on a national park, an

endangered species, and the ability of states to set strong standards

to protect the air that we breathe.
H.J. Res.
60 would prevent the National Park Service from regulating

motor vehicle use in the Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, where

just 6 percent of the roads had safeguards put in place to restrict the

damage that off-road vehicles had caused.
This was a narrowly focused

rule to target protections in sensitive areas for the cultural sites,

native wildlife, and other natural resources that the Park contains.
H.J. Res 87, H.J. Res.
88, and H.J. Res.
89 all attempt to misuse the

Congressional Review Act (CRA) process to overturn decisions at the

Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to reduce air pollution.
Under

the Clean Air Act (CAA), California can apply for waivers to set its

own vehicle emissions standards, and other states can adopt

California's exact regulations under certain circumstances.
The law

explicitly grants these states the ability to protect their citizens

from air pollution and address climate change with stronger standards,

and in doing so they are saving Americans $89 billion in fuel costs

through 2040.
These Republican resolutions would make the air dirtier, raise costs

for drivers, and also violate the law.
The Government Accountability

Office (GAO) and the Senate Parliamentarian have already made it clear

that CAA waivers do not qualify as a target for a CRA.
These decisions

are not rules subject to review, but House Republicans are ignoring the

law to try to set a precedent for drastically expanding what other

protections for the American people they can undermine with a CRA.
As if all this wasn't enough, Republicans wrapped up the week with an

attack on an endangered species of smelt in the San Francisco Bay-

Delta.
Delisting a fish won't solve the water shortage problems of the

West; it is a distraction from the real issues of climate change,

outdated infrastructure, and competing water allocations.
Furthermore,

this smelt is a critical part of the foodweb in an ecosystem on the

verge of collapse.
H.J. Res.
78 would not only overturn the current

listing of the longfin smelt but prevent it from ever being listed in

the future, no matter how much the threat to this species and its

estuary increased.