He worked

as both a teacher and administrator, with 16 of those years at Cuero

ISD.
After retiring from education, he continued serving the community

through legal work as a certified paralegal at a local firm.
His civic involvement has been just as remarkable.
He has served on

the boards of the Cuero Chamber of Commerce, the Cuero Lions Club, the

Cuero ISD Education Foundation, and the DeWitt County Habitat for

Humanity.
For 17 years, he represented the people of Cuero on the City

Council, including 14 years as Mayor Pro-Temp.
Mr. Speaker, Bill Matthys represents the very best of servant

leadership.
His life is a testimony to the impact one person can make

through quiet faithfulness, love for family, and a deep-rooted

commitment to community.
May God continue to bless him, his family, and all those he serves.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WILLIAM SIKORA ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE

UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special

tribute to an outstanding student from Ohio's Fifth Congressional

District.
I am pleased to announce that William Sikora of Avon, Ohio,

has been offered an appointment to the United States Military Academy

in West Point, New York.
William's offer of appointment permits him to attend the United

States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2029.
Attending one of our Nation's military academies not only offers the

opportunity to serve our country but also guarantees a world-class

education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding

experiences of their lives.
William brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2029.
While attending Avon High

School, he received the College Board National Hispanic Recognition

Academic Achievement Award, the AP Scholar with Distinction Award,

attended Buckeye Boys State, and was on the honor role.
Throughout high

school, William was involved in wrestling, earning wrestler of the

week.
I am confident that he will carry the lessons of his student and

athletic leadership to the Military Academy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating William

Sikora on his offer of appointment to the United States Military

Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training and

education available, and I am positive that William will excel during

his career at the Military Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to our

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING UKRAINE

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, Democrats will always be a friend to those

fighting for their freedom--and the American people will always stand

with Ukraine.
While ceasefire negotiations may be underway, Ukraine is not giving

up, nor should they.
Russia's offensives have stalled.
European

partners and allies are still committed to the struggle against

aggression from Putin.
And the Ukrainian people are speaking clearly,

through their elected President Zelensky, that they are a sovereign

Nation, and they speak for themselves.
Only Ukraine can decide when it

is done fighting--no one else.
It is our job in America to continue to support our ally.
History

teaches that aggressors never stop of their own accord.
And they are

never satisfied with appeasement.
If Vladimir Putin's war is rewarded

with Ukrainian land, he will try again for more.
I will continue to advocate for our ally Ukraine--for their defense,

for the civilian and military resources they need, and for allowing

them to control their own destiny.
That is our obligation as an ally

and as the world's strongest democracy.
It is my promise to them.
As the lead Democrat on the House

Appropriations Committee, I promise that I will never give up that

fight.