Title: CELEBRATING BASIL PIAZZA; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
69

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BASIL PIAZZA

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Basil

Piazza, a dedicated public servant and long-time resident of

Williamsville, New York whose tireless contributions to his community

and his country have left a long lasting impact.
Mr. Piazza's legacy

spans decades of leadership, service, and unwavering commitment to the

betterment of the Village of Williamsville.
A native of North Buffalo, Mr. Piazza graduated from Canisius

University in 1965 with a degree in English.
After relocating in 1968

to the Village of Williamsville with his family, he began a successful

teaching career for 36 years throughout Western New York.
His

commitment to education and mentorship, even while serving in local

government, speaks to his selflessness and passion for helping others

succeed.
Mr. Piazza has dedicated nearly three decades of public service to

the Village of Williamsville, including the roles of Village Trustee,

Deputy Mayor, and Mayor.
His leadership has shaped the growth and

development of Williamsville, as he worked tirelessly to improve his

community.
His dedication to enhancing the quality of life for

residents, fostering community engagement, and promoting the arts and

culture within the village has left an inedible mark on the area.
Mr. Piazza's legacy extends beyond his years of service as a public

servant and educator.
He has made profound contributions to the United

States by serving in the Army Reserve for 26 years while remaining

devoted to his family as a husband and father--later becoming a loving

grandparent, and great-grandparent.
His legacy stands as a foundation

for the community values he worked to uphold throughout his life.
Mr. Speaker, today we recognize Mr. Basil Piazza for his steadfast

commitment to public service and his outstanding contributions to the

Village of Williamsville.
His dedication continues to inspire all who

had the privilege of working with him, and his legacy is certain to

live on for generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 300TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REFORMED CHURCH IN THE UNITED

STATES

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and celebrate the 300th anniversary of the Reformed Church in the

United States.
The Reformed Church in the United States was founded in 1725,

proclaiming the Gospel while serving communities across our Nation.
I'm especially honored to note the pivotal role that South Dakota

churches have played in advancing the mission and heritage of the

Reformed Church in the United States through the Eureka Classis and

beyond.
During the Revolutionary War, one-fifth of German Reformed pastors

served as chaplains in the Continental Army.
One member, Captain Peter

Humrickhouse, even crossed the Delaware River with General George

Washington and delivered critical supplies to Yorktown, helping secure

our Nation's independence.
Presidents George Washington and Theodore Roosevelt both recognized

the influence and integrity of the Reformed Church.
President

Washington openly praised the loyalty and devotion of its clergy and

congregants.
President Roosevelt regularly attended Grace Reformed

Church in Washington, D.C. and laid its cornerstone himself.
This June, members and friends of the Reformed Church in the United

States will gather at Mount Rushmore in my home state to mark this

historic tricentennial milestone.
It is fitting that such a celebration

should occur in South Dakota, a state shaped by faith, perseverance,

and patriotism.
Join me in recognizing the Reformed Church in the United States for

300 years of devotion to faith and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF METRA

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a milestone in

Illinois' transportation history, the 40th anniversary of Metra, which

has been an essential part of the fabric of our region's transportation

network.