In the ``Entertainment Capital of the World'', Las Vegas, the

Youngstown State women's bowling team certainly put on a show.
The path

to the championship was vigorous, playing against very tough

competition to secure the championship win.
The Penguins cruised through the regional rounds on the way to the

championship and in the semifinals, the Penguins fell short to

Jacksonville State 2-1.
In the finals, the Penguins defeated the No.
2

seed 2-0 to advance to the national championship against Jacksonville

State.
Looking for revenge, the Penguins came out of the gate swinging,

winning the first two games by the scores of 204-199 and 248-210.
The

Penguins threw five strikes in the final four frames to win the first

match and threw a strike on each of their final eight rolls in the

second game.
After Jacksonville State won game 3, the Penguins won game

4, taking a 3-1 lead and one win away from the glory.
Games 5 and 6

were won by Jacksonville State to even the series 3-3.
In game 7, the

Penguins started strongly.
Strikes and spares were the theme for the

Penguins, showing the consistency that led them to the national

championship game.
With every strike and spare, the crowd roared,

bringing the team one step closer to immortality.
After back-to-back

strikes to end the game, the team embraced, realizing their dreams and

all their hard work had come to fruition.
The Penguins forever etched

themselves into history as champions.
I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to

join me in congratulating the Youngstown State women's bowling team's

players, coaches, staff, families, and friends as we celebrate this

historic victory and national championship.
Go Penguins.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FORMER WOODRIDGE VILLAGE MAYOR WILLIAM F. MURPHY

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary life

and leadership of the late Mayor William F. Murphy, a public servant

who dedicated his career to the betterment of Woodridge and its

neighboring communities.
Mayor Murphy's 41 years of leadership, as Village Trustee from 1972

until 1981 and then Mayor from 1981 until 2013, was paramount to the

growth of Woodridge into the thriving village we see today.
His

negotiations brought water from Lake Michigan to DuPage County and

sustained Argonne National Laboratory's research capabilities.
He

served in countless organizations, including as president of the DuPage

Mayors and Managers Conference and the Illinois Municipal League,

demonstrating Murphy's aspiration to use local government to uplift the

community.
Mayor Murphy remained deeply thoughtful and responsive to his

residents' challenges.
He consistently listened to their feedback and

worked towards addressing their needs.
Mayor Murphy also championed the

ProLogis Fund, providing college scholarships and non-profit grants to

empower the next generation of leaders and advocates.
In addition,

Mayor Murphy had a distinguished career as an educator, principal and

Assistant Superintendent for 29 years for Woodridge School District 68,

even having a local school named for him upon his retirement.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have represented such a dedicated leader

who governed with the utmost humility.
I ask you all to join me in

honoring his legacy through the Woodridge Village Hall renaming.
May

the ``William F. Murphy Village Hall'' serve as a lasting reminder of

his service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASTOR VICTOR HARDY

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of Pastor Victor Hardy, a beloved community leader, committed advocate,

and upstanding citizen of the City of Chandler.
Victor passed away on

March 22, 2025, at the age of 63, after a lifetime of faith, friendship

and service.
Chandler--and all of Arizona--is a kinder, more just place

for his presence among us.
Born and raised in Portsmouth, Virginia, Victor attended neighboring

Norfolk State University where he studied music and performance.