From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF METRA

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a milestone in

Illinois' transportation history, the 40th anniversary of Metra, which

has been an essential part of the fabric of our region's transportation

network.
Since its founding in 1984, Metra has provided reliable, safe, and

efficient rail service for millions of residents and commuters

throughout the Chicagoland area.
Metra plays a crucial role in

connecting neighborhoods, supporting local businesses, and ensuring

that individuals can travel easily to work, school, and recreational

activities.
As the second-largest commuter rail system in the United States,

Metra has helped foster economic growth by supporting both suburban and

urban development and providing a convenient and sustainable

alternative to driving.
With 243 stations and 11 routes spanning nearly

500 route miles, Metra connects communities across the six-county

Chicago area.
Serving over 300,000 riders on an average weekday, Metra

is the backbone of the region's transit system, enabling people to

commute safely, reliably, and efficiently.
Over the last four decades, Metra has adapted to the evolving needs

of its riders, weathered economic challenges, and embraced innovations

in technology to enhance the rider experience.
The agency's leadership

has embraced modern technologies, improved accessibility, and

continuously enhanced customer service to meet the growing demands of

its passengers.
Whether through the expansion of services, improvements

to stations, or the adoption of innovative rail solutions, Metra has

remained dedicated to serving the people of Illinois with the highest

standards of service.
Today, we recognize the hard work and dedication of Metra's

employees--from conductors to engineers, from planners to customer

service representatives--whose efforts have helped ensure the continued

success of this critical public transportation system.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Metra

and extend my deepest appreciation to everyone who has contributed to

its success.
I look forward to continuing to work with Metra as it

builds on its remarkable 40 years of safe and reliable commuter rail

service in the Chicagoland area.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING NATIONAL AUCTIONEERS WEEK

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

commemorate National Auctioneers Week, taking place this year between

April 28 and May 3.
The National Auction Association, located in the Kansas Third

District, is the centralized headquarters for all auctioneering

businesses, and I thank them for their advocacy on this matter.
Additionally, I would like to recognize Livestock Marketing Association

and the National Auto Auction for their advocacy work on this.
An auction is one of the oldest methods of purchasing and selling

goods and remains a prevalent practice in businesses throughout the

country.
And with rising prices, auctioneering remains a steady method

of both purchasing and selling goods competitively.
Auctions, and the

auctioneers that run them, allow buyers an equal chance of receiving

competitive prices for purchases and also allow the seller to receive

the best possible return.
The hardworking auctioneers that spend their time coordinating with

clients and holding these events deserve recognition, and so I heartily

support National Auctioneers Week.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE YOUNGSTOWN STATE WOMEN'S BOWLING TEAM ON WINNING THE

2025 NCAA BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
MICHAEL A. RULLI

Mr. RULLI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Youngstown

State women's bowling team on winning the 2025 NCAA bowling

championship over Jacksonville State on April 12, 2025.
In the ``Entertainment Capital of the World'', Las Vegas, the

Youngstown State women's bowling team certainly put on a show.
The path

to the championship was vigorous, playing against very tough

competition to secure the championship win.
The Penguins cruised through the regional rounds on the way to the

championship and in the semifinals, the Penguins fell short to

Jacksonville State 2-1.