GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Carol Brisbois has made through her work with

Metropolitan Ministries.
Carol has been a dedicated volunteer at

Metropolitan Ministries since 2016.
Monday and Friday mornings at the

Metro Welcome Center are lively and welcoming, thanks to this

remarkable woman.
She greets both new and returning volunteers with

enthusiasm, ensuring newcomers feel comfortable and understand the

importance of their roles.
Her humor, empathy, and dedication ensure

smooth operations across all areas, from kitchen prep to client

shopping in the metro market.
She welcomes everyone--volunteers,

clients, residents, and community members--with warmth, compassion, and

genuine joy in service.
Carol is always ready to tackle any task that

needs attention.
Metropolitan Ministries relies heavily on her to keep

Volunteer Services running smoothly, not just during the holidays but

all year round.
She embodies the four key values of Metro's culture,

including: Character, Chemistry, Competency, and Calling.
It is clear Carol Brisbois has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for strive to serve our communities

with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CAROL NOBLE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Carol Noble has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. Noble was a strong advocate for bringing in government and

non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Carol Noble has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CAROL SMITH

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Carol Smith has made to our community through her

work with New Beginnings Youth Shelter, which serves homeless kids aged

10-17 who are between foster homes, abandoned, or homeless.
The whole

team jumps in to take care of the kids that have no one else looking

out for them.
They teach kids structure, respect, understanding and so

much more in a loving environment.
The team really cares, and each

member is deeply invested in the kids' long-term success.
It is clear Carol Smith has made a profoundly positive impact on our

community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARJORIE CURTISS

HON.
TOM BARRETT

Mr. BARRETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a truly

extraordinary American, Marjorie Ann Smith Curtiss, who is celebrating

her 100th birthday today.
Born in 1925, Marjorie has spent the past

century as a proud Michigander whose life has been defined by strength,

service, and resilience.
In 1943, during the Second World War, Marjorie became one of the

original ``Rosies,'' embodying the spirit of Rosie the Riveter and

stepping up to support her Nation on the home front.
Immediately after

her high school graduation, Marjorie volunteered at the Chevrolet plant

near her home in Flint, Michigan, where she worked on rehabilitating

military trucks for the front lines.
A few months later, Marjorie

became an inspector, where she played a critical role in maintaining

records on the Briggs & Stratton airplane engines being rebuilt at the

facility until the operation closed in 1945.
Marjorie's legacy, however, goes far beyond the factory floor.