Immediately after

her high school graduation, Marjorie volunteered at the Chevrolet plant

near her home in Flint, Michigan, where she worked on rehabilitating

military trucks for the front lines.
A few months later, Marjorie

became an inspector, where she played a critical role in maintaining

records on the Briggs & Stratton airplane engines being rebuilt at the

facility until the operation closed in 1945.
Marjorie's legacy, however, goes far beyond the factory floor.
After

marrying her husband John David Curtiss, she raised four children, put

herself through nursing school, and achieved a career in the field.
Today, she is the proud matriarch of a growing family that includes

seven grandchildren and fourteen great-grandchildren.
Her legacy of

love, perseverance, and hard work continues to shine through them.
Mr. Speaker, Marjorie Curtiss is an exceptional woman who answered

the call to support her Nation in its darkest hour.
Her story, which is

woven into the fabric of our Nation, is nothing short of remarkable.
I

urge my colleagues to join me and all of Michigan's Seventh

Congressional District in wishing her a very happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE JOLLY BOYS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

honor the Jolly Boys of Williamsville, New York, a remarkable group of

volunteers whose dedication to serving their community has been a

shining example of generosity and selflessness for over five decades.
What began in 1971 as a small group of parents from the Village of

Williamsville coming together to support their children's involvement

in local sports has grown into a community-wide effort to assist those

in need, making a lasting impact on countless lives.
The origin of the name Jolly Boys is a charming pan of the group's

history.
It was coined by the wife of one of the founding members, who

observed the group's infectious spirit and glee, who in turn, began

referring to

them as the ``Jolly Boys''.
The name stuck, and to this day, the Jolly

Boys of Williamsville continue to symbolize that spirit with everything

they do.
From the very start, the Jolly Boys set themselves apart by

committing to a simple yet profound mission: to raise funds exclusively

for local children and families facing financial difficulties,

primarily through youth sports and activities.
They embraced the values

of volunteerism, ensuring that all their efforts were carried out by

volunteers and that every dollar raised went directly to those in need.
Through their commitment, the Jolly Boys have transformed the lives of

many, providing vital resources and support to families in

Williamsville and beyond.
As their efforts expanded, the Jolly Boys continued to evolve, they

were able to start using their resources to support homeless shelters,

cancer research, local parks, and historic preservation efforts.
Their

commitment to the community has never shifted, and their impact will be

seen and felt for centuries to come.
Mr. Speaker, today we recognize the Jolly Boys for their

contributions to not only the lives of individuals and families but

have also strengthened our community.
I ask that I am joined to express

gratitude for the Jolly Boys of Williamsville, whose spirit of

volunteerism and selflessness should serve as an inspiration to all.