Great Britain is Northern Ireland’s main export market for agricultural goods, accounting for some 64.1% of all exports.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs back in Northern Ireland to ensure consistent, free-flowing agri-trade, given the complications caused by the Northern Ireland protocol?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
The first thing we want to see is the restoration of the Executive.
When I was in Belfast this week, I spoke to Members of the Legislative Assembly from across the parties, and this is something they repeatedly raise.
Businesses are telling us that the Windsor framework is helping, and we are working closely with the ones that still have issues.
Such discussions facilitate business conversations and encourage the restoration of the Executive, which would help to drive the changes the hon.
Gentleman wants to see.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the floods in Libya.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this issue, which I know is a source of concern across the House.
It is important that we discuss it today.
The situation is very concerning, and I send sincere condolences on behalf of the Government to the people of Libya.
I am sure that is true for everyone in the House.
On Wednesday, eastern Administration officials reported that the death toll had risen to at least 5,300, and newspaper reports this morning suggest the number could reach 20,000.
Storm Daniel hit Libya on  Sunday 10 September  after causing floods and chaos in Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey, and then, early on Monday morning, two dams burst, which we know caused major flooding that submerged parts of the city and wiped out entire neighbourhoods.
The attempt to recover the situation has been made worse by a lack of road access and by communication channels being down.
We stand ready to help as best we can.
The UK has committed to supporting Libya following these devastating floods, and yesterday the Foreign Secretary announced an initial package worth up to £1 million to provide life-saving assistance to meet the immediate needs of those most affected by the floods.
The UN central emergency response fund, to which the UK is the third largest donor, has announced that it will deliver $10 million of support to Libya.
We are also working with trusted partners on the ground to identify the most urgent basic needs, including shelter, healthcare and sanitation.
We stand ready to provide further support.
The UK remains in close contact with authorities across Libya to help respond to this tragic crisis, and Lord Ahmad, the Minister for the middle east and north Africa, has reiterated the UK’s commitment to Libya in a call with the chair of Libya’s Presidential Council.
UN officials have said that the western and eastern Governments are working together and communicating on this, which will be important, and we stand ready to help the people of Libya in these very challenging times.
The horror of the catastrophic floods in Libya is hard to imagine: loved ones swept away within arm’s reach, drowning in mud and crushed under rubble.
The city of Derna has been utterly devastated and, as the Minister said, estimates now range above 20,000 lives lost.
The grief and worry of those with no knowledge of their loved ones’ fate must be simply unbearable.
Our thoughts are with them and with all the people of Libya.
As the Minister said, assistance has struggled to reach the city, and the scale of urgency of need is immense.
Many areas have reportedly received no help, and there is no hope of rescue for anyone left alive trapped under mud and rubble.
There is obviously a terrible threat from disease, with authorities lacking enough body bags to cope with the scale of death.
In the Minister’s estimation, how many people are now lacking shelter, clean water and medical care?
I know the Government are supporting the United Nations central emergency response fund, but is the Minister confident that that will support co-ordinated efforts and reach those who are truly in dire need?
Surely the scale of this disaster is linked to Libya’s many years of conflict and chaos, political paralysis, diplomatic failure and neglect.
We know that climate heating is making extreme weather, such as Storm Daniel, more intense.
We must help to prevent these horrors where we can, build resilience to a changing climate and support Libya on the path to stability and peace.
That will take strategic action on diplomacy, security and development, and we must make sure the humanitarian response, which is desperately needed right now, is delivered.
As usual, the hon.
Lady has made important points, with her characteristic compassion and passion.
I reiterate that we share those sentiments and we are working hard to address the situation.
Let me update the House by saying that the UN is currently finalising its needs assessment and we hope to see that this afternoon.
The Foreign Secretary has already set out that we are ready to provide support, and we have put some initial support on the table.
I reiterate to the hon.
Lady and the House that we will continue to keep in close contact with the UN and we are reiterating our support to it.
We will continue to monitor the situation on the ground and we stand ready to offer further assistance.
The point she makes is crucial: this support needs to reach the people affected.
Too often, in various countries, there have been blockages in getting support to the frontline.
I understand that the two groups in Libya are working together or at least talking, which is encouraging.
That is going to be crucial in making sure that there is a flow of funds and, more importantly, that support is provided on the ground.
She also talks about future support.
Clearly, we need to focus on the humanitarian issues right now, but, given the challenges of climate change, there will be urgent needs associated with infrastructure to address.
However, that is for another day and I am sure we will continue that conversation.
This is an awful situation, and both Front Benchers have got it absolutely right.
One issue is that Libya is a country that has such an appalling history.
When we give money, as a nation and as Government, we will have to be careful that the corrupting influences in that country do not siphon it off, as it is meant for the people who have suffered so badly.
Will the Minister please assure the House that every effort will be made by his Department and the Government to ensure that that money goes to the people who need it now and that we help to alleviate their suffering?
My hon.
Friend make important points, which I hope are listened to by those involved in the situation in Libya.
The support absolutely needs to get to the frontline.
If nothing else, we hope that this moment of severe crisis in that country will bring sometimes warring factions and groups who have different opinions together in common cause—that is vital.
There comes a point where human interest and humanitarian concern is the most important factor, as is the case  right now.