The response from UK charities, including those that the hon.
Member has mentioned, is always greatly valued, as is their expertise and capability to deliver.
We need to get the impact assessment from the UN today.
Let us then co-ordinate our efforts with partners, not just across Governments but with non-governmental organisations, to get the best possible outcome.
The call to action is clear and we need to move fast.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to make a statement on the voter identification scheme.
We were pleased and encouraged by the first roll-out of voter identification at the local elections in England in May.
The data gathered in polling stations showed that the vast majority of electors—99.75%—were able to cast their vote successfully and adapted well to the roll-out of the changes.
We are grateful to local authorities and other partners for their work to deliver the change in requirements.
The Government committed in legislation to conduct an evaluation of the implementation of voter identification at the local elections in May and at the next two UK parliamentary general elections.
Our intention is that the first of those reports, evaluating the implementation at May’s local elections, will be published in November 2023.
Yesterday the Government published two documents that demonstrate that we are making clear progress with the evaluation, and that provide more detail on the evidence upon which it will be based.
We are determined to ensure that we fully understand how the policy has operated in practice, what has gone well, and any ideas for improvement.
There are few tasks more important in public life than maintaining the integrity of our democratic processes and the British public’s trust in them.
We are not just committed to doing so; we are acting to achieve that.
The Government have taken seriously the important recommendations made by the independent Electoral Commission, by international electoral observers and by Sir Eric Pickles—now Lord Pickles—in his report into electoral fraud, and we have been committed in the years since to addressing what has been a staggering vulnerability in our electoral system.
It was previously far too easy to commit the crime of electoral fraud in the polling station and almost impossible to detect it.
I am immensely proud that we have now delivered this new process and fulfilled our manifesto commitment.
I suspect that the Minister and I were reading different reports, because the first report cards on the roll-out of voter identification in England are out, and they are not good.
The Electoral Commission’s report—the result of extensive work monitoring and analysing the recent elections—warned that disabled people and the unemployed found it harder to show accepted voter ID, as well as younger people and people from ethnic minorities.
It also reported that on average more deprived areas had a higher proportion turned away compared with less deprived areas.
The Local Government Information Unit reported that approximately 14,000 voters were not given a ballot paper because they could not show an accepted form of ID and significantly more were deterred from voting because of the ID requirement.
This is not just about England, because the next election is UK wide—it will affect my constituents in North East Fife.
Hundreds of thousands of people risk  being turned away at the next election, at a cost to the taxpayer of £120 million over the next decade, and all of that to combat levels of voter fraud that, at the last election, stood at six cases—talk about using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
A general election is perhaps no more than a year away, but it is clear from reading the reports that we are teetering on the cliff edge of a democratic travesty, not just because the roll-out of voter ID has been botched—many of us believe that it should never have been implemented in the first place—but because of the Government’s apparent refusal to listen to the concerns of members of the public and Members of this House.
That was what they did in the run-up to the local elections, when take-up of voter authority certificates was pitiful and local authorities were warning that they were unprepared, and that is what the Government are doing now.
I was hugely disheartened that in both the Minister’s response and the written statement published yesterday the Government seem to be taking a stance of blindly ignoring the warning signs.
So far, I see no evidence to suggest that that stance will change in the Government’s evaluation report in November.
I hope that the Minister will use the opportunity to start setting things right.
Will the Government ensure that the evaluation report in November is truly independent?
What measures are under consideration to ensure that voters will not be turned away at the general election, as the LGIU report warns?
How do the Government intend to expand the roll-out of voter authority certificates ahead of the general election, and will they expand the list of acceptable forms of identification?