What steps her Department is taking to support the shipbuilding sector.
My hon.
Friend asks a timely question, because this is London International Shipping Week, and I have engaged with the UK Chamber of Shipping and Maritime UK.
This week, I was at the International Maritime Organisation, which was hosting an exhibition called “Rewriting women into maritime history”, sponsored by the Lloyd’s Register Foundation—I mention in particular Nicola Good and Erne Janine, who made me this scarf reflecting on women in maritime.
We are doing a huge amount, including launching the shipbuilding credit guarantee scheme to support our shipyards here in the UK.
I am most grateful to my hon.
Friend for that answer.
The disappointing outcome of last week’s contracts for difference auction in respect of offshore wind was a wake-up call that clear strategies are required if we are to retain our position as a global leader in that industry.
That includes support for the supply chain, of which service operation vessels are a vital component.
Can she confirm that the national shipbuilding strategy will be reviewed to fully take into account this great opportunity?
We are proud of the UK’s reputation as a leader in the offshore wind sector.
Together with industry, we have delivered the four largest operational wind farms in the world.
The National Shipbuilding Office has done a huge amount of work in that area and will do even more with the new shipbuilding guarantee scheme.
I think my hon.
Friend’s other question relates to the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.
This is London International Shipping Week, and our offshore wind farms and all our vessels are being promoted heavily.
May I draw the Minister’s attention to the fact that the three fleet solid support vessels for the Royal Navy are massive—equivalent to two aircraft carriers?
Has she discussed with the Ministry of Defence why they will be built mostly in Spanish shipyards, rather than in British shipyards by British workers to sustain our shipbuilding industry?
Does she know of any other shipbuilding country that behaves like this?
I have indeed discussed it with the Ministry of Defence and the National Shipbuilding Office.
We want to make sure not only that the contracts for the work are managed here in the UK, but that we are using UK steel.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase international investment in Northern Ireland.
Just yesterday I was in Belfast, where my Department delivered the Northern Ireland investment  summit in partnership with the Northern Ireland Office and Invest Northern Ireland.
I would like to take the opportunity to thank the Secretaries of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and for Northern Ireland for their support in making it a success.
Five hundred delegates, including investors from 24 countries around the world, attended to see at first hand the unique opportunities for inward investment in Northern Ireland across a range of sectors, including life sciences and advanced manufacturing.
What consideration has my right hon.
Friend given to creating an investment zone that covers the whole of Northern Ireland to bring much needed investment to that much loved part of the United Kingdom?
It is a very interesting idea.
Investment zone policy is owned by the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, so I will raise it with the Secretary of State there and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
Officials from the UK Government and the Northern Ireland civil service continue to work closely to explore developing investment zone policy in the country.
The lack of a functioning Executive there has, of course, limited the scope and nature of engagement on investment zones.
If the Executive is restored, we will work together to progress an investment zone at pace, and if it is not formed, we will set out different plans in due course.
First, I thank the Secretary of State and the Government for the investment conference they held in Belfast over the last two days.
It clearly shows a commitment to Northern Ireland, and I am very pleased to see that.
When it comes to international investment, we are happy to see in Northern Ireland that Harland & Wolff, which has specialised in ship repair and shipbuilding for some years, has recruited almost 1,000 people in the last few months.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the relevant Department back home to ensure that Northern Ireland can play its part in the UK shipbuilding industry and therefore benefit from that investment?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right: this is an area where Northern Ireland has a comparative advantage.
As we hosted the summit, we all looked out on the docks, and we could see that shipbuilding is integral to the country.
UK Export Finance is supporting many of the companies that build ships and want to export this magnificent UK product all across the world.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry and Economic Security spoke about the UK shipbuilding guarantee.
We have been talking about this all week.
Maritime investment is key, and if the hon.
Gentleman would like further details on what we are doing that has an impact on his constituency, we can provide him with that information.