If we are to have voter ID at the next general election, which we will, will the Minister seriously look at extending the amount of ID that is acceptable?
It is unfathomable that a concessionary bus pass is acceptable, but an 18-year-old’s bus pass is not.
I would like the hon.
Gentleman to look carefully at the eligibility for 18-year-old Oyster cards and 60-plus Oyster cards, because they are different.
Eligibility for the 60-plus card involves significantly more requirements, including a passport or driving licence.
Of course, when we try to expand the forms of identification that can be used, we are going to say yes in some instances and no in others if the eligibility is different.
Despite what we are hearing from Opposition Members, my experience at the local elections in May was that when people were turned away, they did indeed return.
They are used to providing identification when dealing with so many other services, and they found it quite acceptable.
We need to recognise that the public at large are very supportive of the policy, but echoing other comments, could the Minister give an assurance that the postal vote system will be thoroughly examined?
There are genuine causes for concern about that system.
My hon.
Friend makes an accurate observation, and he is right that the vast majority of the general public support the policy.
I remind Opposition Members that we were elected on a manifesto commitment to introduce these measures.
They have been thoroughly debated in both Houses and have received very serious parliamentary scrutiny.
Opposition Members are asking the same questions that they have asked time and time again, and I remind them that prior to the introduction of this policy, it was harder to take out a library book or collect a parcel from a post office than it was to vote in someone else’s name.
This Government do not agree that that is an acceptable state of affairs in Great Britain today, and I find it quite astounding that members of Opposition parties do.
If we as a country truly value democracy, it should be in the interests of the state that as many people as possible vote, rather than deliberately turning them away as this Conservative Government have done.
Since the Minister has chosen to attack the Liberal Democrats’ legitimate concerns rather than answer questions, I will start again and ask her to answer a specific question: what measures are under consideration to ensure that voters will not be turned away at the next general election?
For the hon.
Lady’s benefit, I will repeat the specific answers I have already given.
We know that the vast majority of people were able to vote successfully, so I have nothing to do other than remind her that the Liberal Democrats, of which she is a member, supported the introduction of photographic identification in Northern Ireland.
It is quite astonishing to me that the Liberal Democrats continue to oppose introducing sensible measures in England that they supported and voted for in Northern Ireland, which is part of our United Kingdom.
On the day of the local elections, I remember knocking on the door of a constituent who told me that she usually votes, but was not going to because she realised that she did not have the necessary voter ID.
That broke my heart: her democratic rights, which she has exercised time and time again, were taken away, and of course she will not appear in that figure of 14,000 people who were turned away.
The Electoral Commission says that ethnic minorities and unemployed voters were more likely to be turned away at the polling station.
When we show our constituents around this House, we talk about the struggle for the universal franchise.
Let us remember that the establishment that the Conservative party represents did not want women or the working class to have the vote.
Will the Minister reflect on our journey towards increasing participation in democracy, and on how this rotten arrangement is robbing people of their hard-won democratic rights?
I will respond to that by asking the hon.
Gentleman to reflect on his comments.
Is he seriously suggesting that the introduction of photographic identification is not suitable?
Does he seriously think that it should be harder to take out a library book than to vote in his constituency today?
If he is seriously suggesting that, that—more than anything else—gives us evidence that the Labour party is in no way ready for government.
It is not a serious party: it does not take seriously the threat to our democracy from international actors, and would do nothing to tackle the very real issues experienced by ethnic minorities in Tower Hamlets and Birmingham, who are being systematically disenfranchised by the corrupt practices of certain people in their local areas.
I might be a lone voice on the Opposition side of the Chamber, but I reinforce what the Minister has said.
The electoral voter ID system for Northern Ireland has been a tremendous success, as is proved at every election.
It shows that the system can work.
A short time ago, along with my chief of staff, I visited the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland to be constructive and suggest how we could perhaps do  some things better.
The Electoral Commission is agreeing to set up hubs across Northern Ireland constituencies, giving people the opportunity to get their voter IDs in person.
That has not always been possible in areas of my constituency, so I welcome that commitment, which will be announced, I understand, in early October.
Will the Minister consider something similar for the United Kingdom so that everyone can have the advantage of getting their voter ID in person in their own constituency?