The incredibly hard-working team at the Electoral Commission are far too polite to say, “We told you so,” but that would be a pretty easy way to sum up most of what is in this report.
Practically every concern about the introduction of photo ID that was raised during the passage of the Elections Bill has been borne out in the by-elections and local elections that have taken place since it became law.
The Government say that they want to increase democratic participation and not suppress turnout among minority and disadvantaged communities, but the evidence suggests that that is exactly what is happening—fewer votes from sections of society that it just so happens are less likely to vote Tory.
What steps will the Government take in advance of the general election to remove barriers to voting established by the Elections Act 2022?
Will they expand the list of acceptable ID?
Will they make sure that, as the Father of the House suggests, people can vote on polling day through attestation?
Will they make sure that the Electoral Commission and local authorities are properly resourced to fulfil their functions?
They already have to deal with boundary changes and polling district redraws, and now they have to deal with the Elections Act.
Will the Government look to Scotland as well, where with votes for 16 and 17-year-olds, refugees and EU citizens, we are seeking to expand, not restrict, the franchise?
I am not sure that the hon.
Gentleman listened to the response that I have given multiple times, but I am happy to repeat it, in case he was reading his brief at the time.
We are working with the Electoral Commission on all the recommendations it has made.
It made several recommendations, and we are looking closely at them.
I hope that we all share the same objective of making sure that this change is rolled out successfully.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not like our proposals— I am sure he does not, because he wants to break up the United Kingdom—could he explain why they are working so well in Northern Ireland?
The incredibly hard-working people, as he puts it, from the Electoral Commission have observed there: “Since the introduction of photo ID in Northern Ireland there have been no reported cases of personation.
Voters’ confidence that elections are well-run in Northern Ireland is consistently higher than in Great Britain, and there are virtually no allegations of electoral fraud at polling stations.”
Why is it perfectly acceptable for us to listen to the Electoral Commission in Northern Ireland, England and Wales but not in Scotland?
One of the problems was that people took ID that had run out, such as driving licences and passports.
Does the Minister agree that if a document has recently run out, as long as it has a photograph of the person, it is admissible?
Furthermore, could the amount of ID that can be shown be broadened slightly, so that people have a bit more choice in what they can use?