My hon.
Friend makes a good point, which has been reiterated by other Members: the money needs to get to the frontline.
We will do everything we can, certainly with those funds provided by the UK Government and through the UN; that will be a key focus.
The fact that so many colleagues are raising the issue helps us to make that point with conviction.
On his wider point, the primary focus right now is humanitarian need, but going forward, Libya needs to move down a pathway to free and fair elections.
That will help the country in the longer term, but humanitarian aid and support is our key focus right now.
I join colleagues in offering my condolences to all those who have lost loved ones in the devastation in Libya.
In my constituency and in many other parts of the country there are strong Libyan diaspora communities watching on in despair, unsure about the whereabouts of their loved ones.
Will  the Minister confirm what support is available to Libyan communities and others in the UK to gain information about friends and family in Libya?
Our embassy staff are working closely with people on the ground, keeping in touch with what is going on, and our consular support team is keeping in touch with dual nationals in Libya, providing the support they need.
They will continue to do that.
Our condolences go not only to the people of Libya but to the wider diaspora as well.
We will continue to do everything we can, as hon.
Members on all sides of the House have urged—that message has been well received today.
I fully support the fact that the UK Government have provided international assistance to the people of Libya, but what are we doing specifically to ensure humanitarian assistance is urgently getting to people on the ground today?
As I say, we have made our initial offer of support.
We continue to have an active dialogue with the Libyan authorities and the UN.
As I said to the Opposition spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for West Ham (Ms Brown) , the key thing today is that we are waiting for the UN needs assessment, so we can then give our best assessment of what sort of support we need to help to provide.
The tragic scenes we are witnessing in Libya are utterly horrifying; my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.
During the earthquakes in Syria and Turkey, my noble Friend Lord Purvis asked “why the Government’s humanitarian crisis reserve, which recently stood at £500 million, has now been depleted to only £30 million, which means that the UK’s response to any other emergencies or disasters will be greatly reduced.”—[Official
Report, House of Lords,  6 March 2023 ; Vol. 828, c. 642.]
Has that significant reduction in a crisis reserve for humanitarian assistance affected our ability to help those in Libya?
I think hon.
Members will agree that we responded fast to the situation in Morocco.
It is very sad that this tragedy follows so quickly afterwards, and we want to respond to it quickly too.
Part of the challenge has been understanding the situation on the ground.
We know the macro picture, but the exact detail that the Government and hon.
Members want to see is difficult to ascertain because of problems with communication links and transportation, but we will get a better assessment this afternoon.
What has happened in Libya is an absolute catastrophe and it is awful for all those people who have been killed or affected.
As well as lives lost, infrastructure has been damaged as well as heritage and culture.
That part of Libya is home to a wealth of heritage and history, including the UNESCO site of Cyrene.
Satellite images show that roads to Cyrene have been badly damaged and washed away.
What assessment have the Government made and what conversations have they had with UNESCO about those world heritage sites, and what are the Government doing to protect and restore the world heritage sites that have been damaged?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a real interest in the history and heritage of north Africa.
Clearly, any damage to a UNESCO world heritage site would be a cause of great concern.
Right now, as Members on both sides of the House have said, our focus has to be on what we can do to help preserve life and also to protect British nationals.
None the less, we will work with partners through UNESCO on the matters that he has raised.
This is a devastating tragedy, and it has unquestionably been exacerbated by Libya’s poor warning and evacuation systems, and by its substandard planning and design standards.
I welcome the financial support that the Minister has outlined, but can he assure me that we will also look to provide whatever technical expertise is necessary to bring about improvements in these areas for the rebuilding of Libya both now and into the future?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point about the medium term, and we will certainly examine what technical support we can provide.
That will be important given the infrastructure issues.
I also gently urge all parties in Libya to recognise that this is about prioritisation.
If they can move away from conflict and think about how they can work in the interests of their own populations, that would also help the situation.
We stand ready to help, but once we get through this immediate humanitarian crisis, other parties will need to work out how they can help move the country forward.
I appreciate what the Minister is saying: the humanitarian response to what have been described as apocalyptic scenes has to be the priority.
I went to Kashmir in my first term as an MP, following the devastating earthquake there, and saw how the way that school buildings had been constructed lent itself to roofs collapsing on children and other horrific scenes.
We talked about how the UK could lend its expertise in that area to make sure that, following the reconstruction effort, Kashmir would be more resilient to future shocks.
Are we still involved in such programmes?
Can we use that expertise to ensure that, when it comes to rebuilding Libya and other affected countries, they are far more resilient?
I recognise the hon.
Member’s interest and expertise in this area from her previous visits and through her work in Parliament.
She makes an important   point, similar to that made by  the hon.
Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) .
We do need to look at what technical expertise we can provide.
I will take that away and work on it with Lord Ahmad.
It is a good point.
The scenes coming out of Libya are just horrific.
My thoughts and prayers are added to those from across the House to all the families affected.
The Minister, in response to my hon.
Friend on the Front Bench, said that communications had been taken out and that that is hampering efforts to get humanitarian aid to where it is needed.
What can the UK Government do to help get those communications back up and running?
That is a really important point.
Hopefully, our expertise can help there.
We need to see what the UN wants us to do in a co-ordinated way.
We will play our part, and the calls from Members in this House will spur us on and help us in our negotiations to get urgent access to do what we can to help.
I wish to thank all Members for their contributions today.
It has been an important conversation and call to action.