As if the future stoking of inflation through extra Brexit red tape was not bad enough, businesses are already having to cope with uncertainty, the lack of a level playing field and the threat to our own food safety and security through the failure to introduce checks of our own.
Given that Ministers were saying as recently as April that those checks will begin on  31 March , can the Minister explain how businesses are expected to get to grips with all this turmoil in Government policy given their tendency to keep kicking the can down the road over border checks?
Food inflation is a global issue: it is not a problem just here in the UK.
Many factors influence food prices globally, notably energy costs.
Global wholesale food prices have been falling since March and sometimes  that can take time to reach consumers.
In July, UK food inflation was just over 14%, down from 17%.
The hon.
Gentleman did not specify which issue he was touching on, but if it was to do with sanitary and phytosanitary controls for goods from the EU, that will be introduced and in place by  31 January 2024 .
The Government could stop making existing global problems even worse when they apply to the UK—I was following up on the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady)  about the cost of checks on imported food—but the only thing worse than bad border checks is no border checks at all.
We are no longer imposing SPS checks on food coming in from the EU.
Is the Minister proud that, under the guise of taking back control, she is part of a Government who have given away control instead?
I referenced in my previous response the SPS controls; they were not in place when we were in the EU so I am not sure exactly what the hon.
Gentleman’s anxiety is.
What plans she has for accession to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
I signed the UK’s accession protocol to the CPTPP in New Zealand in July.
We are now taking the necessary steps to ratify our accession agreement at the earliest opportunity.
We expect it to enter into force in the second half of next year.