My home city of Manchester was built on export and trade, but, as a result of the Tories’ mismanagement of the economy, apathy towards the export industries and neglect of everywhere outside the M25, the value of exports from London is more than three times that of the north-west.
Does the Secretary of State honestly believe that she and her colleagues are committed to levelling up the whole of the UK, or will she admit that the Tories do not care about the benefits of trade reaching everyone in the United Kingdom?
I fundamentally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman.
He mentions Manchester; since October 2022 we have invested £2.6 billion into projects across England and agreed landmark devolution deals for Greater Manchester.
He should be speaking to the Mayor of Greater Manchester to find out exactly why all that we are doing is not reaching the people in his constituency.
What steps her Department is taking to support the steel industry.
I am in constant conversations with specific companies to do with steel, including British Steel in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, but of course those conversations are often commercially sensitive.
I was delighted to speak at the event she hosted in Parliament to celebrate the launch of the Government’s updated steel procurement policy note, which will help to make opportunities more visible and maintain a level playing field for UK steel producers.
In the financial year 2021-22, relevant public procurers bought around £365 million-worth of UK produced steel.
Furthermore, the Government have provided around £730 million in energy costs relief to the sector since 2013.
Can my hon.
Friend set out specifically what is being done to ensure the continued production of virgin steel in the UK?
Steel is vital to the UK, but we know that the industry needs to decarbonise for a sustainable future.
The Paris agreement made it clear that the sector had to reduce its global emissions by 93% by 2050.
The Government are actively engaging with the sector on  how best to achieve that, but decarbonisation pathways for specific sites will be commercial decisions for individual companies.
Industrial sectors, including steel companies, can bid into Government funds worth hundreds of millions of pounds to help them go green.
As I mentioned, we have done a huge amount to support energy intensive industries.
The UK is the only major steel-producing nation where production is falling, but the Minister and her colleagues have been telling us for months that they cannot guarantee the use of UK-made steel in Government contracts, especially in the military.
The thing is that the steel producers say that they can make whatever their customer asks by changing the production line.
Will the Minister confirm that the reason we have a problem with steel in this country is the Government’s refusal to view it as a strategically important industry?
The Conservatives’ sticking-plaster politics have failed steelworkers, as we have seen at Port Talbot.
I fundamentally disagree with the question—well, it was more of a statement.
I made it clear when I took on this role that we would assess the level of steel in procurement contracts, and we have put together the steel procurement policy note, which will address how much steel is being procured in our contracts in the UK.
We are doing a huge amount to ensure that the different types of steel that are needed are produced.
We know how valuable the sector is, which is why we provided support with high energy costs and why we have a decarbonisation budget that the industry can link into.
I fundamentally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s proposition.