We have passed the stage where we will be making any changes; we are now trying to ratify the protocol.
But the right hon.
Gentleman should be reassured: the Government have always been clear that when we negotiate investment protection we do so in a way that does not hinder our right to regulate in the public interest.
The UK already has investment agreements containing ISDS provisions with seven of the 11 CPTPP countries and we have never received a successful claim from any investors of CPTPP countries, or in fact investors of any other country with which we have ISDS commitments.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the progress made with CPTPP.
Can she outline what plans the Department has to make UK companies aware of the opportunities that the agreement opens up for them?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, because most of the time, people ask me what CPTPP stands for, let alone what it is and how they can use it—[Interruption.]
Well, not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant) .
We would like to make sure that people are aware of it, so they can utilise this free trade agreement as soon as it is on our statute book and ratified across the 11 countries.
That is something that our export commission and support service in the Department for Business and Trade will be carrying out, and we will also be supporting MPs in their constituencies during International Trade Week to highlight opportunities that come from all our free trade agreements.
What steps her Department is taking to support business exports to the US.
[Interruption.]
Pardon me for one second; there is a technical failure.
The US is our largest trading partner, with trade reaching more than £290 billion.
We have already succeeded in agreeing a solution to the section 232 tariffs on UK steel and aluminium and removed the long-standing US ban on UK lamb.
In fact, just yesterday, I was speaking to President Biden’s special envoy Joe Kennedy about how we can increase trade and investment in Northern Ireland.
We also have an SME dialogue next month between our two countries, supporting UK and US businesses to find export opportunities in each other’s markets.
That is really good news, actually.
In other good news, I learned this morning that Britain has overtaken France as a manufacturing country.
In order to take full advantage of that, how can we use the nine trade representatives in the United States at our embassy and our consulates even more to encourage bilateral trade?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have trade ambassadors and trade envoys working to ensure that we are fully utilising the opportunities that exist across our relationship with the US.
In fact, our envoy to the US has been helping and supporting with a memorandum of understanding with Florida, which we are hoping to conclude shortly.
If there are specific things he thinks we can do to assist, I would be happy to meet him and organise even more engagement that will help facilitate UK-US trade.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with European countries.
Europe remains a vital destination for British exports.
UK businesses exported more than  £416 billion in the year to March 2023, up 24% in current prices on the previous year.
We are engaging extensively with key European partners.
This weekend, my right hon.
Friend the Trade Secretary will attend the annual UK-Italy bilateral conference to advance the landmark ministerial dialogue on export and investment promotion launched in February, the first agreed between the UK and any EU country.
Here is an issue that could be discussed at that meeting: the youth group travel sector is worth £28 billion to the UK economy, but that two-way trade has collapsed since Brexit.
The Prime Minister made a vague commitment in March that there would be an agreement for French school groups to visit the UK.
We have heard no more details, and anyway we need a wider agreement to include other countries.
When will the Government sort out this problem?
I think this matter sits not just with our Department, but with the Department for Education.
If the hon.
Gentleman will allow, I will write to him formally and make sure he gets an update on this issue.
Whether she has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Scottish Government on support for Scotland’s hospitality sector.
As the hon.
Member will be aware, hospitality support is devolved.
We continue to provide energy support via the energy bills discount scheme, benefiting hospitality businesses across the UK.
I would be happy to meet her and any of her colleagues to see how we can help hospitality businesses across the whole UK.
That is excellent to hear, because the hospitality sector plays a crucial role in Scotland’s economy, but it has consistently been let down by the UK Government, who repeatedly fail to support the industry with the unique challenges it faces.
Businesses across Scotland are grappling with inflationary pressures, labour and skill shortages and the ever-increasing complexity of trading rules with 27 countries we once traded with freely.
Why will the Minister not accept that Brexit lies at the heart of these problems?
If the hon.
Lady looks again, she will find that the Scottish Government lie at the heart of these problems.
In England, all eligible businesses can get 75% relief on their rates, subject to a cap of £110,000, while in Scotland, rates relief is available only to small businesses and could be as low as between 25% and 0% for individual properties with rateable values from £15,000.
There is far more support available for English businesses than for Scottish businesses.
I think she should go back and look again at the facts.
Whether she has had discussions with courier services on deliveries to isolated rural areas.
I appreciate the hon.
Member’s interest in ensuring a fair deal for his constituents.
The Government’s universal service obligation on Royal Mail guarantees delivery of parcels at uniform rates throughout the UK, without any geographical restrictions.
Where other courier businesses decide to serve should be a commercial decision for them.
A constituent who visited my surgery recently complained that one courier service in particular would not deliver to his isolated rural property.
The choice of courier is, of course, currently a matter for retailers.
Do the Government agree, though, that there is a case for saying that large retailers could offer the consumer the choice of which courier service should be used?
That would empower consumers and hopefully improve performance via competition.
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
Competition plays a role in this, of course.
It is absolutely right that retail business should look at this and try to get the lowest cost for their customers in terms of courier charges.
It is, as he acknowledges, a commercial decision for individual retailers, but I absolutely applaud the points he raises.
These businesses should be aware of those costs, because they can add significantly to the costs of the products they are selling.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Windows update is now complete at the Dispatch Box, Mr Speaker!
As Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my priority is to support inward investment into all regions and nations of the UK.
This week the Department for Business and Trade, in partnership with the Northern Ireland Office and Invest Northern Ireland, delivered the investment summit, which I referred to earlier.
This momentous event showcased to more than 200 international investors the wealth of opportunities and talent that exist across the breadth of Northern Ireland.
A young and talented workforce, competitive operating costs and unparalleled access to global economies make it an exceptional place to grow a successful business.
I met representatives from US-owned aerospace manufacturer Spirit and several financial services companies that have established a base there.
From Derry/Londonderry-based tech firms to Belfast budding creative companies, we boast a thriving ecosystem of world-class businesses across numerous sectors.
This weekend, like most weekends, I will visit Wilko in Newcastle city centre.
Should I explain to the fantastic staff there and their appreciative customers that mass redundancies and empty shopfronts is what the Conservatives mean by levelling up?
We are all very sad that a well-known business such as Wilko, with a strong presence on many high streets across our constituencies, has had to enter administration, and my thoughts are with employees  who have been made redundant.
Our Department has been not just supporting the business but discussing the best way forward with unions.
We have been supporting by helping to find bidders.
The fact is that sometimes these things do happen.
It is not a reflection of the Government.
In fact, making sure that people have somewhere to go to is how this Government are providing support.
Do Ministers agree that delegates to the Parliamentary Partnership Assembly, which was set up under the trade and co-operation agreement with the EU, should be there to promote Britain’s interests overseas, and that those who do not want to do so and who simply want to be apologists for Brexit and to act against the UK’s interests should leave the PPA?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The Parliamentary Partnership Assembly created under the trade and co-operation agreement is a parliamentary body independent of Government.
The Government value its work and its role supporting a mature and constructive relationship with the EU, rooted in shared values and delivering on shared interests.
She is right that we should look forward, not backwards.