Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Staglin Family Vineyard as they celebrate 40 years of business.
The longevity of this great establishment is a remarkable accomplishment and a testament to the Staglin family's efforts in our community.
In 1985, the Staglin family purchased an historic estate on Rutherford Bench in the heart.
The family estate was founded by Shari and Garen Staglin.
For four decades, the Staglin family has produced wines of remarkable quality from their 61-acre Rutherford vineyard.
The Staglin family approaches winemaking with a deep sense of responsibility to the land and our community.
They farm their Rutherford Bench vineyard organically, invest in renewable energy through solar power, and operate a cutting-edge underground production facility that reflects their commitment to sustainability.
Their work is not only about producing high quality wines, but also about preserving the character of Napa Valley and developing meaningful relationships.
The Staglin Family Vineyard produces top quality wines in our district, most notably Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay from their estate under the Staglin and Salus labels.
Additionally, they grow and bottle a small production of Stagliano Sangiovese, named after Garen's father, and INEO, a Bordeaux Blend.
The Staglin family has proven to be dedicated members of our community through more than just winemaking.
The family motto, ``Great wines for great causes,'' rings true as they regularly engage in philanthropic wine and other donations.
Since 1985, they have collectively raised over $1 billion to support charities, including championing their main cause, mental health.
Their efforts have culminated in the founding of a non-profit, known as One Mind, which has raised over $600 million in the past thirty years.
The organization's mission seeks to radically accelerate cures for brain illnesses and injuries by funding and fostering scientific research collaborations and initiatives, to achieve healthy brains for all.
I was proud to collaborate with Garen Staglin and introduce the bipartisan Mental Health Research Accelerator Act to incentivize private companies with financial resources to collaborate with academic or nonprofit research institutions on neurological and mental health research to tackle the root causes of mental health conditions.
The Staglin's are leaders in our community.
They are actively involved in the Napa Valley Vintners, Napa Valley Grape Growers, Napa Communities Firewise Foundation, Mentis, Copia, and many other community organizations.
The Staglin family is distinguished by a strong foundation in higher education and public service.
Garen Staglin earned an MBA from Stanford University and Shari Staglin received an MPA from New York University.
Shannon Staglin holds an MBA from UC Davis, and Brandon Staglin earned a Master of Science in Healthcare Administration and Interpersonal Leadership from UC San Francisco.