the Reagan Administration to be an observer of the Bulgarian National Assembly elections on June 10, 1990, on behalf of the International Republican Institute.
With the collapse of the Soviet Empire, countries of Europe, the Baltics, Central Europe, and Central Asia conducted the first post-communist elections, replacing totalitarian dictatorships.
Before arriving in Sofia, my research incorrectly identified Bulgaria appreciated being the most subservient Soviet satellite.
Upon arriving, I found that this was not true as it was instantly inspiring to meet courageous Bulgarian patriots restoring democracy, which had been destroyed by Nazis and communists.
Additionally, getting my attention was that Bulgaria and my home state of South Carolina were so similar--beautiful beaches to the east, mountains to the west, and our respective capitals of Sofia and Columbia are both in the center.
I enjoy confirming to Bulgarians that an extraordinary feature in Bulgaria that we do not have in South Carolina are the phenomenal structures and antiquities of ancient Thrace, Greece, and Rome being the foundation of Western Civilization and remain to remind us of our shared heritage.
Pumping gas myself in college, I especially understand gas stations.
In 1990, arriving Bulgaria, I only recognized that a pathetic building appearing as an outhouse was actually a gas station because there were lines of cars waiting patiently--with no gas.
Then, I found out the cars were not actually cars, but Russian Ladas and East German Trabants, being 2-stroke motorcycle engines with a hood.
Now, I see modern Circle K's convenience stores fully stocked with a Wendy's or a Lukoil with a Burger King.
And especially good, many cars are now X-5 BMW's made in South Carolina--and I want every Bulgarian to have a BMW.
The foundation of the Friendship Group Bulgaria--USA encourages Black Sea patriots of Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia who are under attack by war criminal Putin who is insanely seeking to resurrect the failed Soviet Union, oppressing the people.
One day, Russians will liberate themselves for freedom.
Last month, I was honored to meet with Defense Minister Atanas Zapryanov and Ambassador Georgi Panayatov, with talented Bulgarian pilots in Greenville, South Carolina, receiving F-22 jet fighters produced by Lockheed Martin.
We join valued NATO allies Romania and Turkiye in support of Bulgaria, as Bulgaria is a vital ally with the Novo Selo NATO Base, where young Bulgarians and young Americans train side-by-side for Peace Through Strength.