From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
ADEL SCHNEIDER

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a young

Wisconsinite I have had the pleasure of meeting with throughout my time

in Congress, Ms. Adel Schneider.
At nine months old, Adel was diagnosed with a severe dairy allergy.
This diagnosis transformed the Schneider family's daily life.
Oftentimes, Adel had to be careful with cake at birthday celebrations

or at holiday events, where a main focus is food.
While this could have

been isolating, Adel was inspired by her allergy; she began raising

awareness in her hometown of Appleton.
Adel and her mother, Kara, are seen on local television, sporting

events and at schools in Northeast Wisconsin, fundraising and informing

others about food allergies.
Adel has been successful in her

fundraising efforts, raising over $50,000 for FARE, a non-profit that

promotes food allergy awareness and research.
In 2018, Adel was the

recipient of the FARE Teen Achievement Award following her involvement

in the annual Milwaukee Food Allergy Heroes Walk.
In 2020, the

Schneider family donated allergy-friendly food to Paul's Pantry in

Green Bay after receiving a grant from FARE.
She has partnered with

Appleton's Minor League Baseball team, the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers,

to share information with the community on food-allergies.
She is a Red

Sneakers for Oakley Ambassador, where she creates social media content

centered on food allergy awareness.
Most recently, Adel ran her annual

Teal Halloween Skate, which is a community Halloween event that

provides allergy-safe treats.
As Adel became more vocal in the community, her advocacy spread to

Congress.
I first met Adel in 2020 to discuss the FASTER Act, which

requires food companies to include sesame as an allergen on their

labels.
After successfully passing this legislation, I have continued

to meet with Adel to discuss future legislation on food allergies.
Most

recently, Adel and I discussed the ADINA Act, a bill I introduced in

2023.
This legislation would require pharmaceutical companies to be

more transparent about their allergy risks on drug labels.
I always

look forward to meeting with Adel and hearing about her community

events in Northeast Wisconsin.
I value her perspective and commend the

work she is doing on food-allergy awareness.
Adel has inspired many, including myself, with her advocacy for

individuals with food allergies.
I take comfort in knowing there are

young citizens stepping up in their communities.
Adel has a long list

of accomplishments, and I look forward to watching her accomplish even

more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 7, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MARCH 11

2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine worldwide threats.
4:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence

matters.
MARCH 12

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine global security challenges

and U.S. strategy.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine proposals to address housing

affordability, availability, and other community needs.