Some knew Joe as `the Judge'

who would hear out his callers and guests even if they had different

views but cut them off if they tried to spread misinformation.
Others

knew him as `the Black Eagle'--his longtime radio nickname.
I had the

pleasure of knowing him as a friend and as a crucial member of the

local community.
Regardless of how we knew Joe, however, we all

recognized him for who he was: a man of supreme integrity, character,

and intellect.
The airwaves defined Joe's life, and Joe's life defined the airwaves.
From the start of his radio career as a DJ for the campus station at

Washington University in St. Louis to its end on SiriuxXM's Urban View

with a daily listenership in the tens of millions, Joe captivated his

listeners.
They knew they could trust Joe.
He made a point never to

violate that trust.
Joe understood both the nuances of radio as a medium and its power to

change minds and change the country.
Before his radio career took off,

Joe was a leading figure in the Detroit chapter of the NAACP.
He was

only 24 when he became executive director of the Detroit branch of the

organization--the youngest person in history to hold the position.
Never losing sight of his roots in advocacy, Joe used his platform on

the radio to highlight the most pressing challenges of the day,

especially those facing the Black community.
His perspective was

invaluable in an era when conservative talk radio dominated the

airwaves.
Throughout his life, Joe proved to be a powerful force for change

both on and off the air, always asking his famous question.
`What are

you going to do about it?'
He posed that question not only to others

but to himself.
In 2001, he was arrested for protesting human rights

abuses in Sudan.
Breaking records with a 52-hour long broadcast in

2015, Joe raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for the new

Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture.
He

went on a 73-day hunger strike in 2021 to protest Republicans'

legislative blockade of the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis

Voting Rights Advancement Act.
I saw his passionate advocacy firsthand when we worked together on

the historic Emmett Till Antilynching Act.
Joe and I, along with many

others, were frustrated that America still lacked a law that made

lynching a federal crime more than a century after the idea was first

proposed.
During the 116th Congress, we worked with Rep. Bobby Rush and

then-Representative Karen Bass to rectify that failure.
After

Republicans blocked the bill's passage in 2020, we renewed our push in

the 117th Congress.
At long last, President Biden signed the Emmett

Till Antilynching Act into law on March 29, 2022.
It wouldn't have been

possible without Joe Madison.
Joe's work on the bill and on a variety

of other causes over the years drew the admiration of millions.
Listeners were excited to tune in every day and guests were eager to

come on Joe's show because they knew the commentary and conversation

would be just as meaningful as his principled advocacy.
Whether discussing the opportunities that the new FBI consolidated

headquarters will create for Greenbelt, Democrats' efforts to address

inflation, or my longstanding work to protect voting rights, I had the

pleasure of coming on Joe's show many times over the years to talk

about critical issues in Maryland's Fifth District and beyond.
Many

other leaders sought out these meaningful conversations with Joe, from

former President Barack Obama to Speaker Emerita Nancy Pelosi.
He

inspired each of his guests--and each of his listeners--to reflect more

deeply on their principles, their politics, and their perspectives.
Mr. Speaker, Joe's voice was defined not by its earthy baritone but

by its moral clarity and commitment to truth.
Like so many others

across the country and around the world, I will miss hearing it crackle

through the radio in the morning.