It is because of his

mentorship that so many of the leaders of today are prepared to make

the changes they envision, in California and beyond.
Not only was he a deeply loved member of our community, but my

colleagues and I are lucky that Ray was also a dear friend.
I have

personally had the pleasure of knowing and learning from him over the

last 25 years.
I ask my colleagues to join me and Representatives Levin, Sanchez,

and Napolitano in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy of

Raymond ``Ray'' L. Cordova.
I thank Ray for setting an example of

leadership and service that we all may aspire to and learn from.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF CAPTAIN KEVIN MITCHELL

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent

Captain Kevin Mitchell of the Kingsport Fire Department in Kingsport,

Tennessee, who is retiring after more than 26 years of dedicated

service to our community.
Captain Mitchell began his Journey with the Kingsport Fire Department

on September 2, 1997.
Over the span of his illustrious career, he has

not only served as a firefighter, but also advanced to become a

paramedic serving in this capacity for over two decades.
His dedication

to continued education extended far beyond his immediate duties as a

respected instructor in both fire service and medical fields, where he

taught crucial lifesaving techniques such as CPR, Pediatric Advanced

Life Support (PALS), Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS), and more.
Beginning his career as a firefighter, Captain Mitchell was soon

promoted to the position of engineer, where he was responsible for

driving and operating complex firefighting vehicles.
He continued to

rise through the ranks in recognition of his exceptional service,

culminating in his promotion to Captain, a role he held until his

retirement.
His commitment to safety and excellence led him to join the

Kingsport Fire Department Technical Rescue Team, where he specialized

in Search & Rescue, Swift Water Rescue, Confined Space, High & Low

Angle Rope Rescue, Trench Rescue, and Structural Collapse.
His

leadership and expertise in these areas earned him the role of

Technical Rescue Team Leader.
In addition to his remarkable service at the Kingsport Fire

Department, Captain Mitchell also dedicated eight years as a member of

the State of Tennessee Emergency Service Board in Nashville, where he

played a pivotal role in regulating EMS activities across the state.
His service to the community extended well beyond his professional

obligations to include his participation with the Big Brother/Big

Sister Program of East Tennessee, H.O.P.E. (Help Our Potential Evolve),

the Kingsport Life Saving Crew, and the Kingsport Firefighters

Association Local 2270.
His advocacy efforts also saw him participate

in state legislation, lobbying for the rights and welfare of

firefighters across Tennessee, advocating on critical issues like PTSD

and cancer.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Captain Kevin

Mitchell for his outstanding service to the Kingsport Fire Department

and the citizens of Kingsport, Tennessee.
His retirement marks the end

of an era of exceptional service and leadership, and his legacy will

continue to inspire current and future generations of public servants.
We wish him all the best in his well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF JOE MADISON, ``THE BLACK EAGLE''

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, the other week, we lost a great American,

renowned civil rights activist, and legendary radio host: Joe Madison.
He passed away on January 31 at age 74.
Some knew Joe as `the Judge'

who would hear out his callers and guests even if they had different

views but cut them off if they tried to spread misinformation.
Others

knew him as `the Black Eagle'--his longtime radio nickname.
I had the

pleasure of knowing him as a friend and as a crucial member of the

local community.