Eagle Scout is the highest rank attainable in the

Boy Scouts of America program, and since its inception in 1911, only 4

percent of scouts have earned this rank after a lengthy review process.
Franklin is a freshman in the International Baccalaureate Program at

Central High School in Springfield and a member of BSA Troop 38 in

Monett.
He began his scouting career as a Cub Scout at the age of seven

and since then has held numerous leadership positions with the troop,

while also maintaining a 4.0 grade point average in school.
He is a

member of the Brotherhood of the Order of the Arrow, scouting's

National Honor Society, and a member of the Tribe of the Lone Bear, an

honors program of the Ozark Trails Council's Camp Arrowhead.
He also

has earned 36 merit badges, camped out more than 50 nights, hiked more

than 100 miles and performed more than 36 hours of community service.
His Eagle Scout project provided improvements and outdoor furnishing

to South Park, a 65-acre park owned by the city of Monett that caters

especially to children and adults with disabilities.
Scouting has been teaching valuable lessons in leadership since it

was established in February 1910, and achieving the rank of Eagle Scout

is an important accomplishment.
This young man deserves our applause

for a job well done.
I am proud to have him as a constituent.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EAGLE SCOUT JACKSON CHOI OF SPRINGFIELD, MISSOURI

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jackson Choi of

Springfield, Missouri, who recently achieved the rank of Eagle Scout.
Eagle Scout is the highest rank attainable in the Boy Scouts of America

program.
Since its inception in 1911, only 4 percent of scouts have

earned this rank after a lengthy review process.
Jackson is a junior at Kickapoo High School in Springfield, and he

has been in scouting since he joined as a Cub Scout in 2013.
He is a

member of Troop No.
289, where he has held several leadership

positions.
He also has attended three of the four high adventure camps

earning him the Triple Crown Award from the Boy Scouts of America.
To earn the Eagle Scout designation, each individual must complete a

project.
Jackson's project was to update the bamboo fencing at the

Mizumoto Japanese Stroll Garden at the Nathaniel Green/Close Memorial

Park in Springfield.
The garden was established by Springfield's

Japanese sister city in 1985.
The original bamboo fencing had fallen

into disrepair, so Jackson studied the process and replaced 100-feet of

fencing in the traditional Japanese way.
This accomplished young man deserves our applause for a job well

done.
I am proud to have him as a constituent.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NICHOLAS NESSLAGE, EAGLE SCOUT

HON.
SAM GRAVES

Mr. GRAVES of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize

Nicholas Charles Nesslage.
Nicholas is a very special young man who has

exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by

taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and

earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout.
Nicholas has been very active with his troop, participating in many

Scout activities.
Over the many years Nicholas has been involved with

Scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the

respect of his family, peers, and community.
Nicholas has also

contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project.
Nicholas

created a gravel water runoff area at his local park in Weatherby Lake

to combat flooding.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Nicholas

Charles Nesslage for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America

and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of

Eagle Scout.