Title: CALLING FOR THE IMMEDIATE RELEASE OF DR.
GUBAD IBADOGHLU; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
40

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CALLING FOR THE IMMEDIATE RELEASE OF DR.
GUBAD IBADOGHLU

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on the Government of

Azerbaijan to immediately release Dr. Gubad Ibadoghlu, a courageous

pro-democracy activist, brilliant economist, and beloved husband and

father, who has been unjustly detained for over seven months.
On July 23, 2023, Dr. Ibadoghlu and his wife, Irada Bayramova, were

forced out of their car near Baku, Azerbaijan, seized by masked

individuals, detained, and beaten.
Dr. Ibadoghlu had returned to

Azerbaijan earlier in July from a visiting fellowship at the London

School of Economics to care for his ailing mother.
Though Ms. Bayramova

was released hours later, Dr. Ibadoghlu was not released.
Ms. Bayramova

and her family have been denied communication with her husband and she

continues to expenence Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from this

harrowing ordeal.
The ``charges'' that President Ilham Aliyev's

government has used to justify Dr. Ibadoghlu's detention and

imprisonment without trial--that he organized the production of

counterfeit money to support a political group and, as an avowed

secularist, disseminates material that supports religious extremism--

are so dubious and baseless that they would qualify as satire in

another context.
Dr. Ibadoghlu's true ``crime'' against the Aliyev regime is his

devotion to the causes of democracy, freedom and anti-corruption in

Azerbaijan.
He is detained today because he bravely chose to return to

Azerbaijan to care for his mother despite fleeing the country in 2017

to teach abroad after his civic activism prompted threats of

retaliation.
As an internationally acclaimed economist, he has also

served as a visiting professor at the University of North Carolina at

Chapel Hill, Duke University, and Rutgers University.
He was a 2015

Fulbright Scholar, a 2015 Reagan-Fascell Democracy Fellow at the

National Endowment for Democracy, a 2018 Prague Civil Society Center

Fellow, and a recipient of the 2018 Civil Society Scholar Award by the

Open Society Fund.
During Dr. Ibadoghlu's seven-month detention, he has been subjected

to crowded and inhumane conditions common to Azerbaijan's jails and

denied sustained access to critical medication.
Dr. Ibadoghlu's family

is increasingly concerned that he has been denied the medication and

medical treatment that he desperately needs to treat his chronic health

conditions.
He has additionally been repeatedly denied access to his

legal counsel and has not received a fair trial while in custody.
I

join my fellow Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, the U.S.

Department of State, the U.S. Embassy in Baku, U.S. academic

institutions and organizations, the European Parliament, and others in

the international community to express my deep concerns about Dr.

Ibadoghlu's health and demand his immediate release.
I commend Emin Bayramli, one of Dr. Ibadoghlu's sons who lives in my

district, and his entire family for their steadfastness in seeking

their father's freedom from his unjust imprisonment.
I also commend my

colleague Congressman Chris Smith of New Jersey for adopting Dr.

Ibadoghlu through the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission's Defending

Freedoms Project.
Dr. Ibadoghlu is one of far too many Azerbaijanis that the Aliyev

regime has unjustly detained to suppress freedom and civil rights.
The

Government of Azerbaijan's poor record of respecting human rights,

civil rights and civil liberties is a moral stain that affects free

people everywhere.
Whether they live in Washington, D.C. or Baku, Hong

Kong or Beijing, Moscow or Kyiv, everyone should have the right to

determine their own destiny.
Dr. Ibadoghlu's unjust imprisonment must

end immediately.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DENNIS JOHN BENIGNO

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the inspiring

life of Dennis John Benigno.
A resident of the City of Clifton, Dennis

John was debilitated by a traumatic brain injury when he was fifteen

years old.