He

inspired each of his guests--and each of his listeners--to reflect more

deeply on their principles, their politics, and their perspectives.
Mr. Speaker, Joe's voice was defined not by its earthy baritone but

by its moral clarity and commitment to truth.
Like so many others

across the country and around the world, I will miss hearing it crackle

through the radio in the morning.
Joe may be gone, but the question he

posed to his listeners remains: `What are you going to do about it?'
Although he can no longer ask us that question, we can still answer.
Mr. Speaker, I offer my prayers to Joe's incredible wife of 47 years,

Sherry; his three daughters, Monesha Madison Lever, Shawna Collins and

Michelle Borleske; his son, Jason Madison; his four half-siblings; his

five grandchildren; and his great-granddaughter.
I ask that all my

colleagues join me in wishing them strength and in mourning Joe

Madison--a titan of the airwaves.
May God bless and keep Joe Madison.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LIZZIE FLETCHER

Mrs. FLETCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes because of

an unavoidable conflict in Houston.
Had I been present, I would have

voted YEA on Roll Call No.
61 and YEA on Roll Call No.
60.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HURON VALLEY PACE'S 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF SERVICE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to recognize Huron Valley PACE

on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of their founding.
Their

contributions over the past ten years to improving the lives of the

elderly in Washtenaw County are worthy of commendation.
Huron Valley PACE was founded in 2014 in Ypsilanti, Michigan to

provide medical and supportive services for the elderly in the greater

Washtenaw County area.
Their all-inclusive care, which is covered by

Medicare and Medicaid, provides coverage for primary and specialty

care, prescription drugs, medical transportation, hospital visits,

dental care, medical equipment, home care, and physical, occupational,

and speech therapy.
Their extensive range of services have notably

helped support hundreds of low-income adults with housing,

living, and medical expenses, and their dedication to serving their

community is admirable.
Over the past decade, Huron Valley PACE has been a proactive member

of the local community, setting up events such as Super Bowl watch

parties, heart disease awareness drives, and Martin Luther King Jr. Day

community service projects in partnership with other local

organizations.
In addition to caring for the elderly in Washtenaw

County, Huron Valley PACE also works to instill a commitment to public

service in local high school and university students by offering hands-

on volunteer opportunities for students.
Volunteers distribute hot

meals to underserved communities, lead food drives, and raise awareness

about senior care.
Part of Huron Valley PACE's proactive approach to providing

exceptional care for the elderly includes advocating for expanding

comprehensive senior care services like the PACE Expanded Act.
At the

state level, Huron Valley PACE works with the Michigan State

Legislature to reduce the cost of medical care and to find innovative

ways to help elderly people remain living in their homes.
This advocacy

is yet another example of how Huron Valley PACE continues to

demonstrate their commitment to providing and advocating for quality

and affordable elderly care.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

founding of Huron Valley PACE on their 10th anniversary.
They have had

a tremendous impact on the Washtenaw County area and continue to find

exciting ways to continue improving their services to their community,

and I cannot wait to see what they accomplish over the next decade.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
ADEL SCHNEIDER

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.