Nicholas has also

contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project.
Nicholas

created a gravel water runoff area at his local park in Weatherby Lake

to combat flooding.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Nicholas

Charles Nesslage for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America

and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of

Eagle Scout.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF ABILITIES OF NORTHWEST NEW JERSEY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

congratulate Abilities of Northwest Jersey on their 50th Anniversary.
Over 50 years ago, a group of 14 grassroot advocates, including

parents and members of the New Jersey community, came together to

incorporate Abilities of Northwest Jersey as an organization fulfilling

the vocational needs of adults with developmental and intellectual

disabilities.
Starting as a small workshop serving 13 individuals in

Washington, NJ and partnering with local companies, this group of

advocates had a mission to improve the employability and quality of

life for people with disabilities, leading to their sense of self-worth

and independence.
Thanks to their efforts, Abilities was legally

incorporated in 1974.
Since that time, Abilities have grown exponentially, serving

individuals of all levels of abilities, through the expansion of

various programs and services.
Abilities now serves over 375

individuals and their families throughout the northwest region of the

state.
They are not only the disability employment experts for this

region, but the professional staff also support those who are

significantly challenged with medical or behavioral needs.
Their

services are both exemplary and accredited by CARE International.
They

have also opened a variety of Social Enterprises that offer vocational

training opportunities as well as a valued service to our community--

PrintAbilities, SustainAbilities Electronics Recycling and

PossAbilities Thrift Boutiques.
I am so proud of their accomplishments, the positive impact they have

made on thousands of lives, and the exciting future that lies ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF RAYMOND ``RAY'' L. CORDOVA

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues, Representatives Levin,

Sanchez, and Napolitano, and rise today to honor the life of Raymond

``Ray'' L. Cordova, a renowned labor leader who leaves behind a legacy

of service.
Ray cut his teeth as an organizer in the early 1960s as part of the

Freedom Summer Movement in Mississippi for almost two years.
A proud

veteran of the U.S. Army Airborne, his service to his country continued

after the Vietnam War when he returned home to build up his community.
He was always a dapper dresser and treated everyone with respect.
In a

short time, Ray began making his name known as one of the most

effective and impactful labor leaders in Orange County.
No matter what or who you believed in--if you were a Republican,

Democrat, or something in between--Ray was a champion of all people.
When working men and women across America had no seat at the table, Ray

fought tirelessly to make room through his leadership in the

Communications Workers of America Union and as a labor organizer in

Orange County.
Ray's influence and impact extends beyond his labor work.
He educated

and prepared the next generation of the labor movement, and helped

redefine politics in Southern California.
It is because of his

mentorship that so many of the leaders of today are prepared to make

the changes they envision, in California and beyond.
Not only was he a deeply loved member of our community, but my

colleagues and I are lucky that Ray was also a dear friend.
I have

personally had the pleasure of knowing and learning from him over the

last 25 years.