FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I rise today to congratulate Reverend Father Theodore ``Ted'' Poteres,

Proistamenos of Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral

in Merrillville, Indiana, on his retirement.
For his twenty-eight years

community, Father Ted will be honored at a retirement celebration on

May 18, 2025, at Saints Constantine and Helen Banquet Center.
Reverend Father Ted Poteres was ordained in 1984 and began his career

as parish priest of Saints Constantine and Helen in Rockford, Illinois,

where he served for more than ten years.
In 1997, he became the priest

at Saints Constantine and Helen in Merrillville, Indiana.
For his

outstanding career in the priesthood spanning a remarkable forty-one

years, Father Ted is worthy of the highest praise.
Throughout his noteworthy career, Father Ted has worked tirelessly to

support those most in need throughout the region.
Under his direction

at the cathedral in Merrillville, the church's ministries have

continued to grow and expand.
These programs include the Angel Tree

program, the Harvest for Hungry program, winter clothing drives, back-

to-school supply drives, hosting the Ross Township food pantry, and

supporting the AHEPA low-income senior housing residents.
In addition

to his ministry efforts, providing his parishioners and the community

with spiritual guidance has always been of the utmost importance to

Father Ted, and he has done so with absolute integrity and grace.
He

has worked diligently to counsel his parishioners and the surrounding

community on issues such as alcohol and drug abuse, child abuse,

suicide, cancer, HIV and AIDS, grief, marriage counseling, and youth

concerns.
Outside of his tireless work at the cathedral, Father Ted gives of

his time and effort to numerous charitable endeavors within the

community.
He also serves on boards and committees for several

organizations including the Chicago Metropolis for Jewish-Christian

Dialogue, the Chicago Metropolis Youth Retreat Camps, the Northwest

Indiana Orthodox Clergy Association, and the Merrillville Clergy

Association, among others.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me

in honoring Reverend Father Ted Poteres for his extraordinary

leadership at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral in

Merrillville, Indiana, and to wish him well upon his retirement.
For

his lifetime of service to others and dedication to providing spiritual

guidance and support to those most in need, Father Ted serves as an

inspiration to us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I was attending the Space Symposium as a

result of my duties as Chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and

Technology.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
89, and

YEA on Roll Call No.
90.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CARLOS ALBERTO GUTIERREZ PACHECHO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carlos Alberto

Gutierrez Pachecho for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service

Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Carlos has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Carlos, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Carlos's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Carlos Alberto Gutierrez Pachecho on

achieving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONSTITUENTS OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

FOR THEIR WORK IN PROMOTING DEMOCRACY

HON.
KELLY MORRISON

Ms. MORRISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize several

constituents in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
Their

dedication to promoting democracy is to be commended.