KELLY MORRISON

Ms. MORRISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize several

constituents in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
Their

dedication to promoting democracy is to be commended.
I recognize

Sharon Billings, Caitlin Cahill, Keith Engel, Aditi Ginuga, Anne

Leland, Cathy Olson, Dave Olson, Paula Ramaley, Cole Roepke, Adaline

Shinkle, Brad Shinkle, Diane Sjolander, and Anita Smithson.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District are fortunate

to have them as neighbors, friends, and community members.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAMES MILLARD

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize James Millard

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
James has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like James, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to James's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate James Millard on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHELLE SMITH-McDONALD

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the remarkable achievements of Michelle Smith-McDonald, who has been

elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as a recipient

of the 2025 Curt Gowdy Media Award.
Her induction into the Hall of Fame

stands as a testament to her decades-long commitment to advancing

women's sports journalism and her influential voice within the world of

basketball.
A trailblazer in her field, Michelle Smith-McDonald became ESPN.com's

first-ever regular women's basketball columnist in the 1990's.
Over her

distinguished career, she has covered women's professional and

collegiate sports for some of the Nation's most prominent outlets,

including ESPN, the San Francisco Chronicle, AOL Fanhouse, and espnW.

Her dedication to elevating women's sports through insightful reporting

and compelling storytelling has spotlighted generations of athletes,

coaches, and programs, contributing to the growth and visibility of

women's sports nationwide.
Michelle's contributions extend beyond her work as a journalist.
She

also has demonstrated her leadership and service in public relations at

San Jose State University and the Alameda County Office of Education.
Her dedication to public service further includes her tenure as an

elected official on the Zone 7 Water Agency Board of Directors.
The Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame has rightly recognized Michelle

Smith-McDonald as a trailblazer and visionary whose work has broadened

opportunities and raised the profile of women's sports.
As a resident

of the Bay Area for over three decades, Michelle also has celebrated

and supported the talent emerging from local programs like Stanford,

Cal, and the newly launched Golden State Valkyries of the WNBA.
It is my honor to acknowledge Michelle Smith-McDonald's induction

into the Basketball Hall of Fame and to commend her for her lifelong

dedication to sports journalism, advocacy, and service.
She has left an

indelible mark on the world of basketball and inspired countless

individuals along the way.
We join her friends, family, colleagues, and

admirers in celebrating this extraordinary achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SARBELIO GUEVARA GONZALEZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sarbelio

Guevara Gonzalez for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors

for Youth Award.
Sarbelio has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Sarbelio, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Sarbelio's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning

of a bright and promising future.