The administration building bears the name of Dr.

Jim F. Chadwell, who served as superintendent for 14 years.
Under his

leadership, the district passed two bond measures totaling over $1

billion and expanded from 23 schools serving 16,600 students to 31

schools with a student body of 23,800.
The Discovery Lab buildings

honor Jane Weaver and David Prince, two of the district's distinguished

educators, who have devoted decades of their careers to teaching

outdoor education.
On behalf of the 12th Congressional District of Texas, I am proud to

recognize Eagle Mountain-Saginaw ISD for earning the prestigious

Caudill Award.
This recognition is a testament to the district's

dedication to excellence in education.
The community is fortunate to

have such an innovative facility that supports students, educators, and

administrators alike.
The Caudill Award is a well-deserved honor and a

valuable addition to an already thriving school system.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EAST HARTFORD'S PATRICK AGYEMANG: FROM PARKS AND RECREATION TO

THE U.S. MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to

celebrate the remarkable achievements of East Hartford's own Patrick

Agyemang, who recently joined the U.S. Men's National Team.
From being

named a 2017 All-Conference soccer player while at East Hartford High

School, to playing soccer for my alma mater, Eastern Connecticut State

University, to his new position on the USMNT, Patrick's hometown has

watched with pride as he represents the best of our community.
The following article by Steven Goff, originally published in The

Washington Post and republished in our local paper, The East Hartford

Gazette, encapsulates Patrick's journey from spectator to soccer star:

Patrick Agyemang was 9 when he found his seat at Rentschler

Field in East Hartford to watch the U.S. men's national

soccer team play one of its final tune-ups for the 2010 World

Cup.
He lived a few minutes from the stadium in a working-class

home the family called ``the Headquarters''--the place where

he and his two brothers, parents and friends enjoyed most of

their time together.
With his participation and passion in the sport swelling,

Patrick couldn't wait for kickoff against the Czech Republic.
He stared out and saw Clint Dempsey, Landon Donovan and other

stars pass through the players' tunnel and in that moment

tried seeing himself someday making that walk in U.S. colors.
``It's funny, because I still kind of remember how I

felt,'' he said Tuesday.
``It was a sense of excitement, and

I was like: `This is where I want to be.
I don't know how,

but I would love to be on that field, to play for the country

and be able to know that my parents [someday] could come to

this game and watch me.' ''
Almost 15 years have passed, and Agyemang is in a U.S.

uniform--not preparing for a World Cup but making gains with

the national team after climbing the ladder as a relative

unknown from NCAA Division III to Division I, to MLS's

developmental league, then to MLS with Charlotte FC, where

last year he made the league minimum ($71,401).
In his first appearance for the national program at any

level, Agyemang started and scored the second U.S. goal

Saturday during a 3-1 victory over Venezuela in Fort

Lauderdale, Florida.
Agyemang (pronounced Aaw-jee-mawn) earned his place this

month after scoring a team best 10 goals in MLS last year.
On

Saturday, the 24-year-old forward was among eight players to

make their U.S. debut.
``There was a level of uncertainty, just because I've never

been in an environment like this,'' Agyemang said of his

first camp.
``I just wanted to come in being myself,

completely myself, and, showing it on and off the field.
I

think I was able to do that, but the guys and the coaching

staff made it way more easy than I expected and just made it

an experience I won't forget.''