Title: HONORING BRAD BARNES' RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT OF THE FORT WORTH STOCK SHOW AND RODEO; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
63

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRAD BARNES' RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT OF THE FORT WORTH STOCK

SHOW AND RODEO

HON.
CRAIG A. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Brad

Barnes in his retirement from serving as President of the Stock Show

and Rodeo in Fort Worth, Texas.
The Stock Show and Rodeo is the city's

oldest and largest annual event, gathering millions of visitors every

year.
Showcasing both professional rodeo athletes and thousands of kids

from across Texas, this event continues to reflect Fort Worth's rich

cultural heritage.
In his many years with the Stock Show and Rodeo, Mr. Barnes

volunteered before becoming a full-time employee in 2004.
During this

time, the rodeo moved from the historic Will Rogers Coliseum to Dickies

Arena.
Payout winnings for contestants grew to 1.5 million dollars and

expanded the attendance rate exponentially.
Always looking ahead, he

has prepared the initiative to renovate the Will Rogers Coliseum in

pursuit of preserving its historical significance to Fort Worth.
Since 1985, premiums, scholarships, and grants for Texas youth have

accumulated over 100 million dollars.
Under the leadership of Mr.

Barnes, the 2025 Junior Sale of Champions alone raised more than 10

million dollars.
The Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo represents the

cultural heart of Fort Worth, starting from the early days on the

Chisholm Trail driving cattle to now being a symbol of where ``The West

Begins.''
Mr. Barnes has worked tirelessly to preserve Fort Worth's

connection to its origin, believing that without it, it will just be

another city on the list of many in Texas.
On behalf of the 12th Congressional District of Texas, it is an honor

to recognize Mr. Brad Barnes's humble commitment to the Fort Worth

community.
I wish the best to him and his family as they celebrate his

retirement and continue to be committed members of the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EAGLE MOUNTAIN SAGINAW INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT

HON.
CRAIG A. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Eagle

Mountain Saginaw Independent School District for its outstanding

achievement in winning the Caudill Award.
This prestigious

architectural honor is presented by the Texas Association of School

Boards to recognize the best educational facility in Texas.
The Dr. Jim

F. Chadwell Administration Building and the Discovery Lab Learning

Center received this award for their exceptional planning and

innovative design in fostering an excellent learning environment.
Designed by VLK Architects, an innovative firm based in Fort Worth,

these buildings have been recognized for their nature-infused, forward-

thinking architecture.
Situated near Marine Creek Lake, the facilities

seamlessly incorporate the surrounding natural landscape, featuring

trails through scenic woods, prairies, and waterways.
At the Discovery

Lab, students can explore the environment firsthand, collect scientific

samples, and bring them back to the labs for further study.
Additionally, the administrative building represents a significant

upgrade, consolidating multiple smaller structures into one state-of-

the-art facility.
Housing 17 administrative departments and 150

employees, this campus sets a new standard for Texas public school

infrastructure.
These remarkable centers for education are named in honor of esteemed

local educators who have dedicated decades of their lives to the

district's students.
The administration building bears the name of Dr.

Jim F. Chadwell, who served as superintendent for 14 years.
Under his

leadership, the district passed two bond measures totaling over $1

billion and expanded from 23 schools serving 16,600 students to 31

schools with a student body of 23,800.
The Discovery Lab buildings

honor Jane Weaver and David Prince, two of the district's distinguished

educators, who have devoted decades of their careers to teaching

outdoor education.