``There was a level of uncertainty, just because I've never

been in an environment like this,'' Agyemang said of his

first camp.
``I just wanted to come in being myself,

completely myself, and, showing it on and off the field.
I

think I was able to do that, but the guys and the coaching

staff made it way more easy than I expected and just made it

an experience I won't forget.''
Patrick Agyemang had never been invited to a U.S. camp at

any level until this month.
Agile and 6-foot-4, Agyemang displayed qualities in the

open field and on set pieces Saturday.
He drew a penalty kick

less than two minutes into the match--Matko Miljevic failed

to convert--and proved dangerous on the counterattack.
``I think he can be very, very, very useful,'' Pochettino

said.
``He's still young, still has room to improve. . . .
I

am so happy with him.
His performance was really good.
He's

capable to add [something] different to the team that

sometimes we were missing a little bit.
It's a very good

alternative.''
Over the years, the U.S. program has employed tall center

backs and goalkeepers but few towering forwards.
Agyemang

sprouted five inches before his junior year in high school

and kept growing.
``He's apparently 6-4, but I think he's like 6-6,'' said

U.S. left back DeJuan Jones, who has played against Agyemang

in MLS.
``He's got the Height--tough to mark on corners, for

sure--and then he's very quick and agile, and his holdup play

is nice as well.
It's nice to be on his team for once.
One to

watch out for.''
Agyemang's parents emigrated from Ghana and juggled

multiple jobs while raising three children.
Soccer was

central to their upbringing with neighborhood games, school

teams and youth leagues.
During World Cups, family and friends gathered to watch the

Black Stars, Ghana's national team.
In 2006, 2010 and 2014,

the United States and Ghana faced each other at the World

Cup, with the Black Stars winning the first two.
``I remember 2010 I was actually at one of my teammates'

house,'' Agyemang said.
``We were having a pool party.
All

the parents were in the living room.
Whoever scores, they'll

scream, then the other group will scream.
It was a lot

because it was a diverse place.
I think I was rooting for

both.''
Despite excelling for his high school and club, he did not

receive any offers from NCAA Division I or II programs.
He

landed at Eastern Connecticut State.
Agyemang was the

league's rookie of the year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JEFF DeWITT'S RETIREMENT FROM THE FORT WORTH FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
CRAIG A. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Jeffrey

L. DeWitt on his retirement from the Fort Worth Fire Department after

37 years of dedication and service to the City of Fort Worth.
Founded

152 years ago, the Fort Worth Fire Department is a nationally

recognized agency with a rich history of serving and protecting the

13th-largest city in the nation.
Born and raised in Upstate New York, Mr. DeWitt moved to Texas as

quickly as he could.
He became one of the first paid firefighters with

the Keller Fire Department in the early 1980s.
He joined the Fort Worth

Fire Department on May 6, 1988, as a full-time commissioned firefighter

in Class 41.
Over his career, he served in four stations, including the

historic Downtown Station 1, where he was assigned on December 12,

1997.
The following year, he was promoted to Engineer at Station 1.
During this time, he had the honor of driving ``The Big One,'' the

largest engine at the Fort Worth Fire Department for 13 years--a fact

his young daughters proudly shared, saying, ``Dad drives the big truck

downtown.''