Over his career, he served in four stations, including the

historic Downtown Station 1, where he was assigned on December 12,

1997.
The following year, he was promoted to Engineer at Station 1.
During this time, he had the honor of driving ``The Big One,'' the

largest engine at the Fort Worth Fire Department for 13 years--a fact

his young daughters proudly shared, saying, ``Dad drives the big truck

downtown.''
In addition to his many years with the Fort Worth Fire Department, he

has spent nearly two decades instructing classes at the Fire Academy at

Tarrant County College.
As an instructor for both new recruits and

continuing certification courses for commissioned firefighters, his

positive impact extends to other fire departments across the State of

Texas.
Now, as he retires from Station 35 in the critical Fort Worth

Alliance Airport Corridor, Mr. DeWitt holds the distinction of being

the department's senior-most engineer and a certified Aircraft Rescue

and Fire Fighting (ARFF) firefighter.
Mr. DeWitt truly exemplifies the mission of the Fort Worth Fire

Department.
Throughout

his many years of service, he has worked tirelessly to protect others

before himself.
He will undoubtedly continue to embrace the spirit of a

dedicated first responder and an engaged member of our Fort Worth

community.
I know he is looking forward to well-earned time with his

family and first grandchild.
On behalf of the 12th Congressional District of Texas, it is an honor

to recognize Mr. Jeffrey L. DeWitt's service to the Fort Worth Fire

Department and his impact on keeping our community safe for the past 37

years.
I wish him and his family the very best as they celebrate his

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
KEITH H. JOHNSON

HON.
SUHAS SUBRAMANYAM

Mr. SUBRAMANYAM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Keith H. Johnson.
As Chief Keith Johnson prepares to retire this month, I rise to honor

his distinguished career and service to the Loudoun County Fire and

Rescue System.
Chief Johnson is a fourth-generation firefighter who began his fire

service in 1982.
His career led him to the Fairfax County Fire and

Rescue Department, where he ascended to the rank of Deputy Chief in

2009.
After more than 30 years of service in Fairfax County, Chief

Johnson was appointed as the Assistant Chief of Operations with Loudoun

County Fire and Rescue and, later, the Chief of the Loudoun County Fire

and Rescue System in 2018.
He possesses both Fire Inspector and Fire

Investigator certifications with the Virginia Department of Fire

Programs.
During his tenure, he led a department of nearly 500 career and more

than 1,500 volunteer personnel, oversaw the implementation of a

collective bargaining ordinance, created a 24 hour Operational Shift

Commander program, and formed a behavioral health section.
He also

advocated for benefits and protections to include increased behavioral

health benefits and cancer protections for first responders, as well as

for the inclusion of fire sprinkler systems in residential homes.
Chief Johnson was recently named the Career Fire Chief of the Year in

2024.
He continues to serve as Chair of the Governor's appointed

Virginia Fire Services and on Virginia's Board of Housing and Community

Development.
Congratulations to Chief Johnson on an exceptional career.
I thank

him for decades of service to our community, and I wish him well in his

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF REVEREND FATHER THEODORE ``TED'' POTERES

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I rise today to congratulate Reverend Father Theodore ``Ted'' Poteres,

Proistamenos of Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral

in Merrillville, Indiana, on his retirement.
For his twenty-eight years

community, Father Ted will be honored at a retirement celebration on

May 18, 2025, at Saints Constantine and Helen Banquet Center.