BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Master

Sergeant Shawn Worthen, United States Marine Corps, Retired, of

Bensalem High School, who has been named the Marine Corps Junior

Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) Instructor of the Year for the

past school year.
The Bensalem Township School District is proud to celebrate this

extraordinary accomplishment by one of its own.
Master Sergeant Worthen

proudly serves as the Leadership Studies and Marine Instructor, and

exemplifies the highest standards of the United States Marine Corps.
He

consistently instills discipline, honor, and civic responsibility in

his cadets each and every day.
This recognition is awarded annually to the very best instructors

from all Marine Corps JROTC programs nationwide.
With approximately 500

Marine Corps JROTC instructors serving across the country, being

selected for this distinction is a remarkable and well-deserved honor.
It reflects not only Master Sergeant Worthen's professionalism and

excellence in teaching, but also his profound commitment to shaping the

character and leadership potential of America's youth.
Through his example, Master Sergeant Worthen continues to inspire

students at Bensalem High School to live by the Marine Corps values of

honor, courage, and commitment.
These values that will guide them as

they become future leaders in their communities and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join the Bensalem Township School

District, the People of the 1st Congressional District of Pennsylvania,

and the United States Marine Corps in congratulating Master Sergeant

Shawn Worthen on this outstanding achievement.
His dedication to his

students and to the ideals of service and leadership brings great

credit to himself, his school, and our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
BRUCE SIEGEL

_____

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Dr. Bruce Siegel on his retirement after an extraordinary career as a

leader in public health, hospital administration, and health policy.
Bruce has spent his entire career advocating on behalf of our Nation's

most at-risk populations and the providers that care for them.
For the

past 14 years he has led America's Essential Hospitals, formerly the

National Association of Public Hospitals, championing the cause of

mission-driven safety net hospitals that serve communities facing the

greatest social and financial barriers to care.
During Dr. Siegel's tenure, he led efforts to preserve the 340B Drug

Pricing Program, secured targeted safety-net hospital funding during

the COVID-19 pandemic, and fought to close Medicaid payment gaps.
He

was instrumental in stopping harmful cuts to Medicaid DSH funding.
Perhaps most notably, Dr. Siegel spearheaded a national campaign to

incorporate social risk factors into federal value-based purchasing

programs--an important step toward recognizing and addressing health

disparities in policy and practice.
Dr. Siegel's medical career began after graduating from the Joan &

Sanford I. Weill Medical College of Cornell University and reflects a

deep commitment to public service and health equity.
From his early

days as New Jersey's Commissioner of Health to his leadership of NYC

Health+Hospitals and Tampa General Hospital, and later as a professor

and director at The George Washington University, Dr. Siegel has

consistently worked to improve care for the most vulnerable among us,

performing pioneering research into health care quality, health care

disparities, and the safety net.
He has had a significant and positive

impact on our health care system, and his contributions will be sorely

missed.
Mr. Speaker, my staff and I thank Dr. Siegel for his tireless

dedication and leadership.
His legacy will continue to inspire future

generations of health care advocates and public servants.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 350TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARTYRDOM OF GURU TEGH BAHADUR

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.