His legacy will continue to inspire future

generations of health care advocates and public servants.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 350TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARTYRDOM OF GURU TEGH BAHADUR

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate

the 350th anniversary of the martyrdom of Guru Tegh Bahadur, the

revered Ninth Guru of Sikhism--the world's fifth-largest religion, with

nearly 30 million followers worldwide, including one million here in

the United States.
A champion of religious freedom for all, Guru Tegh Bahadur

courageously confronted the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb's campaign of

religious persecution, defending the right of every individual to

freely practice their faith.
For this act of unwavering conviction, he

was publicly executed in 1675 in Delhi, India, and is fondly remembered

as Dharam Di Chadar, or, ``Shield of the Religions,'' for his ultimate

sacrifice to protect the rights of others and uphold the universal

principles of human dignity, freedom of conscience, and the right to

worship according to one's beliefs.
Pennsylvania's Sikh community, whose roots trace back to the State of

Punjab in India, began immigrating to our Nation more than a century

ago.
These remarkable Americans have played a vital role in the growth

and vitality of the Keystone State and have enriched their communities

through their commitment to tolerance, service, and civic engagement.
These extraordinary ideals reflect the Sikh tradition of seeking

peace through equality, fraternity, and respect, while striving to

overcome division through sacred teachings and the admirable tenets of

honest work, charity, volunteerism, and sharing with those in need.
Mr. Speaker, it is altogether fitting that the House recognize Guru

Tegh Bahadur's supreme sacrifice for human rights and religious

freedom, and encourage all Americans to join in its observance on

November 24, 2025.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE UKRAINIAN AMERICAN SPORT CENTER TRYZUB'S 75TH

ANNIVERSARY

_____

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary group of individuals from Pennsylvania's 1st

Congressional District--an organization that has gone above and beyond

the call of duty in service to both our community and our country.
It

is with great respect and admiration I recognize the Ukrainian American

Sports Center Tryzub's 75th anniversary.
Such honorable individuals are not defined by titles or accolades but

by the quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Throughout their years helping the community,

the UASC Tryzub embodies this spirit of honor in ways that words can

scarcely capture.
Founded in Philadelphia by displaced World War II Ukrainian

immigrants, the UASC Tryzub became an important part of the community.
The UASC Tryzub organized teams of all sports to play in various

leagues in Philadelphia, as well as gave the Ukrainian American

community a nourishing environment with personal and professional

support.
The goals of the UASC Tryzub align with preserving history,

culture, tradition, and Ukrainian sport (specifically professional

soccer).
Their home-base in Horsham township continues to be a center

where the community comes together.
Some notable achievements of the

UASC Tryzub include in 1856 the Club's Majors' Division soccer team

reached the national championship game for the coveted US Amateur Cup.
A year later the UASC Tryzub organized a professional soccer franchise;

the Philadelphia Ukrainian Nationals, which generated many professional

championships onto the City of Philadelphia.
These achievements, along

with many others, brought a downpour of glory and attention to

Philadelphia from the international soccer world.
Today, 56 teams and 800 athletes, known as the ``Ukie Nation''

proudly wear blue and yellow and play under the Philadelphia Ukrainian

Nationals Banner.