It is a community worth

celebrating.
The many days I have spent in Franklin County have been

filled with incredible people who lead with service and compassion, and

world-famous, East Texas hospitality.
The county has balanced tradition and growth, by strengthening the

community and promoting new economic development.
As we honor the past, we look forward to a future filled with

promise.
Here's to the next 150 years of Franklin County.
May it

continue to grow, inspire and shine as a beacon of East Texas.
It is an

honor to represent this community in Washington.
God Bless Franklin County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DAVE WELIHAN

_____

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, it is my special privilege to recognize

Dave Welihan of Jackson as the Veteran of the Month for October and

honor him for his distinguished service to our great Nation.
Dave courageously served in the U.S. Army from 1971 through 1974 and

has been honorably awarded the National Defense Service Medal.
Since

returning home, Dave has dedicated his life to serving the veteran

community and ensuring they have the resources and support they

deserve.
He was formerly a Veteran Service Officer in Jackson, where he

helped those who have worn the uniform resolve their local, state, and

federal benefit issues to ensure that they receive the benefits they

have so rightfully earned.
He also served as a commander of the American Legion Richard F. Smith

Post 29 and worked as the Director of the Jackson County Veterans

Affairs Office.
While with the Jackson County VA, Dave helped

coordinate the burial of five unclaimed veterans so that they could be

honored and properly laid to rest, exemplifying his compassion for

others.
Dave and his wife even selflessly donated the flags used for

the burial.
Dave's unwavering service, tireless commitment, and leadership have

made a tangible difference.
Through his many roles and daily actions,

he has uplifted and advocated for his fellow veterans, serving as a

guide, mentor, and friend.
His legacy will not only live on in the

hearts of those he has helped but also in the strong community he has

helped build.
May others know of my high regard for Dave, as well as my deep

gratitude for his lasting contributions to the county we love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 25NEWS CHIEF METEOROLOGIST CHUCK COLLINS ON HIS RETIREMENT

AFTER 46 YEARS OF SERVICE

_____

HON.
ERIC SORENSEN

Mr. SORENSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Chuck

Collins, a broadcaster who has kept our district safe from storms for

nearly a half century.
Next week, 25News Chief Meteorologist Chuck Collins, will be walking

away from the green screen.
Chuck is a legend in the heart of Illinois,

offering a calm voice that is trusted in the best weather and the worst

storms.
He grew up in Central Illinois and, I may know something about doing

weather in your hometown, there's almost nothing more rewarding.
Chuck's recognition will now live in the official Congressional Record

for inspiring weather watchers, storm chasers, and other

meteorologists.
We will all be watching his final broadcast on October

15, 2025.
Today, I thank Chuck Collins for his decades of commitment to Central

Illinois, and I extend my best wishes to him in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BENSALEM HIGH SCHOOL JROTC INSTRUCTOR OF THE YEAR, MASTER

SERGEANT SHAWN WORTHEN, RETIRED

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Master

Sergeant Shawn Worthen, United States Marine Corps, Retired, of

Bensalem High School, who has been named the Marine Corps Junior

Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) Instructor of the Year for the

past school year.
The Bensalem Township School District is proud to celebrate this

extraordinary accomplishment by one of its own.