A year later the UASC Tryzub organized a professional soccer franchise;

the Philadelphia Ukrainian Nationals, which generated many professional

championships onto the City of Philadelphia.
These achievements, along

with many others, brought a downpour of glory and attention to

Philadelphia from the international soccer world.
Today, 56 teams and 800 athletes, known as the ``Ukie Nation''

proudly wear blue and yellow and play under the Philadelphia Ukrainian

Nationals Banner.
Travel and club teams, including all skill levels,

are offered for boys and girls all year round.
The UASC Tryzub is not

only notable for their achievements, but for giving back to the

community.
The players develop and improve not only their soccer skills

but their personal goals as well.
Through scholarships, volunteering,

and community efforts to preserve Ukrainian heritage and bring

awareness to those in need, the Tryzub continues to support and grow

the Ukrainian American community.
In times of need, their service is a testament to the belief that an

individual's dedication can ripple through the lives of many, sparking

change, fostering resilience, and inspiring hope.
Today, we honor the

UASC Tryzub not just for their remarkable deeds but for fostering an

incredible community.
Mr. Speaker, their actions remind us that progress is not forged in

grand gestures but in the cumulative power of selfless acts.
They

embody the timeless American values of resilience, generosity, and

compassion, showing us that the future is built by those who care

deeply, act decisively, and give without hesitation.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's 1st Congressional District, I extend my

appreciation and recognition to the UASC Tryzub for their extraordinary

service of 75 years.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the

UASC Tryzub's 75th anniversary, which will inspire generations to come.
May their example remind us of the boundless potential within each of

us to make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

_____

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend a warm welcome to

His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, the Spiritual Head

of the Eastern Orthodox Church, the second largest Christian Church in

the world.
It is a distinct honor for our Nation's Capital to host such

a revered global religious leader whose life's work has been defined by

faith, peace, and reconciliation.
His All-Holiness has long been a tireless advocate for interfaith

dialogue, human rights, religious freedom, and environmental

stewardship.
For decades, he has traveled the world promoting

understanding and respect among faith traditions and urging us to

safeguard our common home for future generations.
His spiritual

leadership has touched the lives of millions of Orthodox Christians and

countless others across the globe.
I am especially proud to represent the Saints Constantine and Helen

Greek Orthodox Cathedral in Richmond, Virginia, a vibrant and

faithful community that stands as a testament to the Orthodox

tradition's rich history and enduring presence in America.
Their

commitment to faith, service, and fellowship reflects the very values

His All-Holiness has championed throughout his ministry.
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Virginia, I welcome

His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to Washington and

extend deep gratitude for his lifelong dedication to promoting peace,

unity, and justice in our world.