JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shineforth,

formerly known as UMFS, on the occasion of its 125th anniversary of

service to children, families, and communities across Virginia.
Founded in 1900 as the Virginia Conference Orphanage, the

organization has evolved over the past century to meet the changing

needs of vulnerable children and families.
From its earliest days,

providing care and shelter for orphans, to its transformation into

United Methodist Family Services, and now as Shineforth, the

organization has remained steadfast in its mission: to create a world

where all children can belong and thrive.
Over the past 125 years, Shineforth has pioneered innovative services

for children in foster care, those with special education needs, and

youth facing behavioral health challenges.
Its programs, including

foster care and adoption services, residential treatment, community-

based support, and the Charterhouse School, have become a model of

compassion, resilience, and evidence-based care.
What has not changed is Shineforth's unwavering belief in the worth

and dignity of every child.
Generations of families in Virginia have

been strengthened because of the care, advocacy, and vision provided by

this organization and its dedicated staff, volunteers, and supporters.
As Shineforth celebrates this remarkable milestone, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring 125 years of transformative service.
May the next century of Shineforth's work continue to light the way

forward for children and families in Virginia and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN

WITH THE SPECIAL OLYMPICS OF VIRGINIA

_____

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Special Olympics

Virginia and the Law Enforcement Torch Run as they celebrate 40 years

developmental disabilities.
For four decades, Special Olympics Virginia has provided year-round

sports training and competition to thousands of athletes, empowering

them to achieve their personal best while fostering inclusion, respect,

and community engagement.
Through these programs, athletes not only

develop athletic skills but also gain confidence, leadership abilities,

and lifelong friendships.
The Law Enforcement Torch Run exemplifies the incredible partnership

between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve.
Officers across Virginia have carried the Flame of Hope, raising

awareness and vital funds to support Special Olympics programs.
This

collaboration has helped break down barriers, build trust, and promote

understanding for individuals with disabilities.
As we celebrate this milestone, we recognize the dedication of

athletes, coaches, volunteers, and law enforcement officers whose

commitment has transformed the lives of countless Virginians.
The

legacy of Special Olympics Virginia and the Law Enforcement Torch Run

is one of inclusion, compassion, and unwavering support for every

athlete's potential.
I congratulate the Special Olympics Virginia and the Law Enforcement

Torch Run on 40 years of service and in celebrating their continued

impact on communities throughout our Commonwealth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRANKLIN COUNTY'S 150TH ANNIVERSARY

_____

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Franklin County's 150th

Anniversary.
We stand on the proud shoulder of 150 years of history, celebrating

the founding of Franklin County in 1875.
Franklin County is a vibrant

and resilient community, rich with heritage and heart.
Named for Benjamin C. Franklin, the first judicial officer of the

Republic of Texas, the county has always stood for justice,

independence, and perseverance.
From early state settlers to the

citizens of today, Franklin County has been shaped by hard work, strong

values, and deep roots.
With scenic lakes, thriving agriculture, and local legends, Franklin

County is a lot more than a pinpoint on a map.
It is a community worth

celebrating.
The many days I have spent in Franklin County have been

filled with incredible people who lead with service and compassion, and

world-famous, East Texas hospitality.
The county has balanced tradition and growth, by strengthening the

community and promoting new economic development.