I

have had the privilege of being involved with Christian Embassy since I

first came to the House of Representatives 28 years ago.
For half a century, the Christian Embassy has stood as a spiritual

resource to public servants, helping them discover the relevance of

God's truth in their personal and professional lives.
This vital

ministry began when government officials and business leaders,

concerned for the spiritual health of Members of Congress and their

spouses, invited Dr. Bill and Vonette Bright--founder and president of

Campus Crusade for Christ International--to come to Washington to

minister to the personal, private, and spiritual needs of those serving

in public life.
Over the years, the Christian Embassy's ministry expanded to include

the White House, Presidential Appointees, senior Pentagon civilian and

military leaders, ambassadors, and their spouses and staff.
From the

beginning, God blessed this work.
The evidence of His faithfulness is

seen in the many leaders who have come to know Jesus Christ personally

through the ministry, as well as in those who have grown in their

faith, learned to share it with others, and discovered how to live a

Spirit-empowered life even amid the pressures of leadership.
The Christian Embassy's outreach has included discipleship training,

evangelism training, private prayer times, personal counseling, and

both group and individual Bible studies.
Through these efforts, the

Christian Embassy has served Members of both Houses of Congress, White

House officials, Presidential Appointees, senior military officers and

civilians, and international diplomats.
For over two decades, one of the most cherished programs of the

Christian Embassy was the ``Washington Escape,'' an annual retreat that

allowed Members of Congress, senior military leaders, political

appointees, senior executives, ambassadors, and their spouses to step

away from the demands of Washington for a time of rest and renewal.
Renowned pastor and author Chuck Swindoll served as the master teacher

for these retreats, which blessed countless participants with biblical

wisdom and encouragement.
My wife Caroline and I were honored to

participate in some of these retreats over the years.
I also want to highlight the leadership of Bobby Little, who has

served as Executive Director of the Christian Embassy since 2007.
Under

his direction, the Christian Embassy has expanded its programs to

strengthen the spiritual and relational foundations of leaders serving

in Washington and around the world.
Working alongside his lovely wife

Sheila, Mr. Little has guided initiatives that provide discipleship,

leadership development, and biblical training for Members of Congress,

senior military officers, and diplomats.
As someone who has known Bobby

for many years and is currently in the bible study he leads, I know

that his steady leadership has helped the Christian Embassy remain

faithful to its mission--equipping and encouraging those in positions

purpose.
The Christian Embassy is nonpolitical and non-denominational,

maintaining a singular vision: to minister to government leaders not

only because of their personal needs, but also because of their

influence as decision-makers shaping our Nation and the world.
Mr. Speaker, I commend the Christian Embassy for 50 years of

steadfast service to our leaders and our Nation, but mainly Christian

Embassy's service to the Lord Jesus Christ.
As we mark this milestone,

we give thanks for the countless lives touched by this ministry and for

its continuing mission to honor God and serve those who serve others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNITED METHODIST FAMILY

SERVICES OF VIRGINIA

_____

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shineforth,

formerly known as UMFS, on the occasion of its 125th anniversary of

service to children, families, and communities across Virginia.
Founded in 1900 as the Virginia Conference Orphanage, the

organization has evolved over the past century to meet the changing

needs of vulnerable children and families.