Moved next to the church, a

plaque was inscribed with Mathew 16:18, ``And I say unto thee, that

thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the

gates of hell shall not prevail against it.''
Believing that ``every generation is called to live out its faith in

meaningful worship, honest reflection and sincere devotion to God,''

the church continued to grow through the decades.
A youth program

produced musical groups Kid's Praise and The Light Brigade which toured

the states in our region and visited the Creation Music Festival in

Pennsylvania.
Community services continued throughout, as the

congregation supports food pantries, partners with service

organization, has hosted an AA chapter for over forty years, opened its

doors following a devastating tornado and became a Red Cross command

post, and adapted to COVID by offering a ``parking lot church'' and

live streaming which continues to this day.
Also during this time the

congregation merged with its shared church Eastminster United

Presbyterian Church so the two congregations now worship as one.
For an astounding 150 years, St. Peter's United Church of Christ

lives up to the faith's motto, John 17:21: ``That they may all be

one.''
The church demonstrates this message while living Christ's

message of Love and being ``a welcoming place for all--no matter who

you are or where you are on life's journey.''
As today's congregants

celebrate this journey of 150 years, looking back with inspired

recollection and renewed with a faith-filled purpose, we look forward

to the next centuries of servant leadership in the community of

Millbury and surrounding neighbors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BANK OF EDMONSON COUNTY

_____

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Bank of

Edmonson County for 100 years of service to its local community.
Founded on October 5, 1925, by brothers Jesse, Luther, and David

Alexander alongside business paltners George Woodcock and N.E. (Ed)

Vincent, this local financial institution has served the residents of

Edmonson County well for a century.
Their foresight during the 1920's,

followed quickly by the trials of the Great Depression, laid the

foundation for a community-focused institution that has not only

endured but thrived.
The Bank of Edmonson County has guided its

customers through economic shifts, new technologies, and changing

conditions with one main mission in mind: ensuring customers are its

highest priority

Established with the goal of building a local bank to serve as a

pillar of trust and local investment, 100 years later, they continue to

focus on supporting Edmonson County and the surrounding area

faithfully.
From its humble beginnings with just $15,000 in capital, the bank has

grown into a $200 million enterprise, with locations in multiple

counties in Kentucky.
I congratulate the

Bank of Edmonson County for its 100 years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CHRISTIAN EMBASSY

_____

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize and celebrate the 50th

anniversary of the Christian Embassy, a ministry that has faithfully

served leaders in Washington, D.C. and around the world since 1975.
I

have had the privilege of being involved with Christian Embassy since I

first came to the House of Representatives 28 years ago.
For half a century, the Christian Embassy has stood as a spiritual

resource to public servants, helping them discover the relevance of

God's truth in their personal and professional lives.
This vital

ministry began when government officials and business leaders,

concerned for the spiritual health of Members of Congress and their

spouses, invited Dr. Bill and Vonette Bright--founder and president of

Campus Crusade for Christ International--to come to Washington to

minister to the personal, private, and spiritual needs of those serving

in public life.