the war effort.
Lum assisted in maintaining the airstrip during the day, guarding the airstrip from snipers and sabotage while in a foxhole at night, and getting supplies to the southern portion of the island where the Japanese had a stronghold.
When the war ended, Lum's unit was sent to China to guard Japanese prisoners and help the Chinese repair their country.
For their service in the Battle of Okinawa, the 6th Marine Division was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation, the highest division award possible.
Corporal George ``Lum'' Atkinson was awarded the World War II Combat Action Ribbon, the Asiatic Pacific Theater Ribbon, and the Good Conduct Medal.
When he returned from World War II, he met and married the love of his life, Mary.
They settled down in the small town of Gulfport, Florida, where they raised three girls.
During this time, he joined the Marine Corps Reserve.
He was called up for the Korean War and was stationed at Camp Lejeune.
Always willing to serve his country and community, Lum worked for 38 years at Florida Power as a lineman, foreman, and switchman.
While at Florida Power, he played on the company softball team.
Knowing his love for the game, one of his coworkers asked him to help with Gulfport Little League around 1957.
He started coaching and remained active on and off for almost 50 years, serving as President, Secretary, Umpire, Scorekeeper, Manager, Coach, and Groundskeeper.
He is still in touch with many of his players.
In fact, at his 95th birthday party, about 30 of his former ballplayers came to celebrate him.
In 2002, the City of Gulfport renovated the baseball fields at Tomlinson Park, and because of his dedication and loyalty, they named the new park ``Lum Atkinson Ball Fields.''
Caring about the City of Gulfport, Lum was also a member of the Gulfport Volunteer Fire Department.
He retired with the rank of lieutenant when the city changed to a Fire Department with full-time firefighters.
When his wife Mary and her sister, Catherine Hickman, founded the Gulfport Community Players and the Gulfport Historical Society, Lum became a member of both organizations.
Just as he was a dedicated member of the Gulfport Little League, Lum was an active supporter and volunteer of those two organizations Gulfport Community Players, Gulfport Historical Society, and the Gulfport Little League continue to flourish today, contributing to the vibrant community of Gulfport, thanks in no small measure to the dedication.
Please join me in appreciation for Lum Atkinson and all the men like him, who selflessly defended our freedoms abroad and then came home to build strong families and strong communities.
I thank Lum.
May God Bless him and the United States.