many different sports.
His athletic accomplishments in high school earned him nine college scholarships, a state championship in the high jump, and All-State honors in football and basketball.
After graduation in 1961, Tookie attended the University of Corpus Christi on a basketball scholarship.
Nevertheless, he remained a staunch supporter Following college, Tookie accepted a job as a lineman with Southwestern Bell but soon moved on to work at Jefferson Chemical before spending many years at Texaco.
During that time, he also started a second career in public service, beginning with an appointment on the Dairy Day Board in 1968.
Tookie went on to hold many other public service positions, including serving on the Tarkington School Board, the Cleveland Bank and Trust Board of Directors, the Soil and Water Conservation District, the Trinity River Board, and the Yettie-Kersting Hospital Board.
He was also an involved member and leader at Oak Shade Baptist Church, the Greater Cleveland Chamber of Commerce, the Cleveland Rotary Club, and the Tarkington Prairie Masonic Lodge No. 498.
However, the crescendo of his public service career occurred when Tookie was elected as Liberty County Judge in 1994, the first person to ever do so from Tarkington Prairie.
Throughout his tenure in this position, Tookie remained committed to bringing jobs and industry to Liberty County.
He championed many transportation projects in the area, promoted fiscally conservative policies, and worked to help juveniles turn their lives around.
In retirement, Tookie's role in local politics was advisor and counselor to many elected officials, often filling in as a substitute judge for surrounding Southeast Texas county judges.
One of Tookie's legacy projects was the State Highway 105 relief route bypass in Cleveland.
For his work securing contracts, right-of-way, and funding, the Texas Department of Transportation honored him with its prestigious Road Hand Award in 2012.
Tookie married his high school sweetheart, Cordella Price Kirkham, in 1964 and had two daughters, Kem and Kehle.
His four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren were the pride and joy of his life.