The Minister’s argument in a nutshell is, “You didn’t have the money, so you’ve not lost it.”
But the point is that local authorities received the notional funding allocation and were beginning to plan based on that figure given by the Government.
In places such as Stockport, Tameside and Manchester, the figures that are going to be withdrawn from those areas are not insubstantial.
I politely say to the Minister that his argument is incoherent—I will grade him D-minus.
And his maths is appalling—I will grade him U.
Can I suggest he goes into detention and fixes this matter, because schools in Tameside, Stockport and Manchester desperately need that cash?
The funding allocated for local authorities is ringfenced.
This is an allocation and calculation issue—it is not that they have received the money—and we corrected it as soon as the error was made.
Any Labour Members in the same position would have reacted in precisely the same way that I have.
This blunder is going to cost schools in York dear.
We are already in the bottom 20 in the country for school funding and in the bottom third for high needs.
I had a meeting with parents on Friday night, and 150 of them were in tears and on their knees about the SEN funding.
The formulas are just not working in areas where there is low funding.
Will the Minister bring forward the fair funding formula to ensure that children in my constituency with SEND have fair funding allocated to them?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s points, and I share the concern of parents with children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We do want to make sure that local authorities are properly funded for children with those special needs, which is why we have increased funding for high needs very significantly over the past few years.
Over £10 billion is now allocated to local authorities for those children.
If we look at the national funding formula, we see that 10.2% of the formula—£4.4 billion—is on the basis of deprivation factors, and 17.8% is allocated on the basis of additional needs.
These are very significant sums both in the national funding formula for mainstream schools and the extra money we are giving to local authorities for high needs.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Scotland Act 1998 to grant legislative competence for employment matters to the Scottish Parliament.
At the outset, I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as a member of the SNP trade union group and in relation to my own membership of Unite.
As this Parliament begins to draw to a close, many of us are left wondering why the much-vaunted Employment Bill never materialised.
After all, we were promised that Brexit—now supported enthusiastically by the Tories and Labour—would not lead to a diminution of workers’ rights, but would instead be an opportunity to enhance employment protections.
Despite countless fire and rehire incidences—many of which have been referenced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire North (Gavin Newlands) —ever more maternity discrimination and an assault on trade union rights by a Tory Government acting like Thatcher on steroids, the very opposite has happened.
The fact is that employment rights under this British Government are under attack.
Far from dealing with workplace discrimination on issues such as the menopause, we have a Government actively and increasingly hindering the rights of workers with their Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Act 2023.
It is a piece of legislation that even the International Labour Organisation has expressed concern about.
As the world of work continues to evolve and we seek to build back better from the pandemic, Brexit Britain is now on a steep decline when it comes to employment protections.
However, this is an issue that extends far beyond the immediate rights available to workers, because it is fundamentally a matter of equality.
The way in which we value workers in our legislative framework sets the expectation of what we should expect workplace cultures to emulate, and legislation must help build the foundations of a fair and equal labour market.
Let us take, for example, some evidence published in July by the charity Pregnant Then Screwed.
Of 24,000 parents surveyed, it was found that 7% of women lost their job through redundancy, sacking or feeling forced to leave due to a flexible working request being denied.
The charity estimates that, if scaled up, this would mean that over 41,000 pregnant women or mothers could be sacked or made redundant every year.
Under-represented groups continue to face significant inequalities in the workplace, and I and many of my colleagues have stood here time and again calling for the enshrinement of flexible working as a day-one right, as well as mandatory gender and ethnicity pay gap reporting.
Given the powers, these are just some of the examples of workplace injustices that the Scottish Government would seek to remedy.
However, it is an inescapable truth that Westminster’s crackdowns on workers’ rights—not to mention the assault on unions—have seen the UK’s global rating on workers’ rights fall.
Indeed, the UK has dropped in the International Trade Union Confederation’s annual report on workers’ rights from a  rating of three, which is for countries where ITUC considers there to be “regular violation of rights” to four, which is for those where it says there are “systemic violations”.
Sadly, that puts the British Government on a par with the likes of Qatar and Oman.
The latter is an absolute monarchy, where criticism of the Government is illegal.
If that is the message the Government want to send out as Brexit Britain, it is certainly a bold move, but ITUC’s recent report is damning.
It says: “In the United Kingdom, union busting, attempts to introduce legislation curtailing the right to strike and protest, and violations of collective bargaining agreements have become systematic and led to the country’s rating dropping from three to four.”
Perhaps it is no wonder that the devolution of employment law is backed by some of the biggest trade unions in these islands, including the Scottish Trades Union Congress and the TUC itself.
Only recently, the Trades Union Congress passed a motion calling for the repeal of current anti-union legislation and the devolution of employment law to Scotland.
Roz Foyer, the outstanding STUC general secretary, is on record as saying: “It’s clear, especially to any incoming UK Labour Government, that the voices of workers across the country now support the Scottish Parliament having full autonomy over labour and employment rights.”
That poses a question for our colleagues on the Labour Benches: why not Scotland?
In his rush to out-Union Jack even the Secretary of State for Scotland,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  has said no, nay, never—no further devolution.
Today’s vote is also a first test for  the new hon.
Member for Rutherglen and Hamilton West (Michael Shanks) .
It poses a question for him when the Division bells ring shortly: whose side is he on?
Is he on the side of the Scottish Trades Union Congress, or the side of his Westminster boss in Camden?
On blocking the devolution of employment law,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner)  has come in for criticism from Michael Sharpe, a former general secretary of Scottish Labour, who has said that ruling out the devolution of employment law was a “huge blow” and “a slap in the face to the trade unions who have campaigned for this for many years.”
Since taking over the reins as Labour leader, the Leader of the Opposition has moved ever more to the right, distancing himself from trade unions and, ironically, deciding to go on strike from attending picket lines himself.
We have even had the spectre of shadow Ministers being sacked simply for having the temerity to support workers on a picket line.
The blunt reality is that Scotland is already missing out on Europe’s enhancement of workers’ rights, thanks to a Brexit we did not vote for and do not support.
Post pandemic, we could have been taking opportunities to empower trade unions, increase statutory sick pay, ban fire and rehire, and do so much more for workers, but it appears once more that the Labour party and the Conservatives have landed in the exact same space.
It is clear to us that a Westminster Government of whatever colour do not have workers’ rights as a priority.
It is only by giving Scotland powers over employment law that the Scottish Government can entrench workers’ rights in law and build a fair work society for all our citizens.
We can and we must do so much better for our  workers and our trade unions.
If Westminster is not up to the job, Holyrood will take this on, and working people will be better off as a result.
It is for that reason, and with the support of our trade union colleagues, that I commend this motion to the House.
Question put ( Standing Order No. 23 ).
The House divided: Ayes 22, Noes 33.
Question accordingly negatived.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 83A(7) ), That the following provisions shall apply to the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill for the purpose of supplementing the Order of  8 June 2022  (Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill: Programme), as varied by the Orders of  22 September 2022  (Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill: Programme (No. 2)) and  23 November 2022  (Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill: Programme (No.3)): (1) Proceedings on consideration of Lords Amendments shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion at 5.00pm at today’s sitting.
(2) The Lords Amendments shall be considered in the following order: 117, 231, 237, 369, 1, 2, 4, 3, 6, 10, 13, 14, 18, 22, 30, 31, 44 to 46, 80 to 82, 90, 102, 103, 133, 134, 137, 139, 142, 156, 157, 172, 180, 199, 239 to 243, 288, 244, 249, 273, 280, 285, 327, 329, 5, 7 to 9, 11, 12, 15 to 17, 19 to 21, 23 to 29, 32 to 43, 47 to 79, 83 to 89, 91 to 101, 104 to 116, 118 to 132, 135, 136, 138, 140, 141, 143 to 155, 158 to 171, 173 to 179, 181 to 198, 200 to 230, 232 to 236, 238, 245 to 248, 250 to 272, 274 to 279, 281 to 284, 286, 287, 289 to 326, 328, 330 to 368, 370 to 418.
(3) Any further Message from the Lords may be considered forthwith without any Question being put.
(4) Proceedings on the first of any further Messages from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion two hours after their commencement.
(5) Proceedings on any subsequent Message from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion one hour after their commencement.—(Andrew Stephenson.)
Question agreed to.
Consideration of Lords amendments I must draw the House’s attention to the fact that financial privilege is engaged by Lords amendments 46, 73 to 75, 78, 82, 231, 241, 249, 301 to 327 and 349 to 367.
If any of these Lords amendments are agreed to, I will cause the customary entry waiving Commons financial privilege to be entered in the Journal.
I beg to move amendment (a) to Lords amendment 117.
With this it will be convenient to consider: Government amendments (b) to (d) to Lords amendment 117.
Lords amendment 231, and Government amendment (a).
Lords amendment 237, and Government amendments (a) and (b).
Lords amendment 369, and Government amendments (a), (c), (b) and (d).
Lords amendment 1, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendments 2 and 4, Government motions to disagree, and Government amendments (a) and (b) in lieu.
Lords amendment 3, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 6, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) to (d) in lieu.
Lords amendment 10, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) and (b) in lieu.
Lords amendment 13, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 14, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) to (p) in lieu.
Lords amendment 18, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) and (b) in lieu.
Lords amendment 22, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendments 30 and 31, Government motions to disagree, and Government amendments (a) to (d) in lieu.
Lords amendment 44, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) and (b) in lieu.
Lords amendment 45, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 46, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 80, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 81, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendments (a) to (c) in lieu.
Lords amendment 82, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 90, Government motion to disagree, and Government amendment (a) in lieu.
Lords amendments 102 and 103, Government motions to disagree, and Government amendments (a) to (d) in lieu.
Lords amendment 133, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 134, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 137, and Government motion to disagree.
Lords amendment 139, and Government motion to disagree.