My hon.
Friend is right.
I have to say that my experience of this particular team in the Department is that they are one of the best teams I have dealt with.
This was an error made by officials.
They have owned up to it and we have corrected it.
It does not affect school funding at all, and it relates to the next financial year, 2024-25.
It certainly does not affect this financial year, 2023-24, and the funding of the pay award.
Incidentally, it is the highest pay award for 30 years.
The 6.5% pay award for teachers is fully funded, with an extra teachers’ pay grant of £525 million this year and £900 million next year.
It is totally unaffected by this error.
Cambridgeshire schools are some of the lowest funded in England, and they will now receive £4.4 million less than they expected.
The Minister will know that local authority officials   and schools will now have to spend time recalculating their budgets.
What will he do to compensate them for the time they are spending on that?
The situation is unfortunate for local authorities, which will have been spending time calculating their school budgets on a local authority basis.
That is why we wanted to get the recalculation of the figures done as soon as possible and out to local authorities.
Cambridgeshire is funded in the way it is because we base funding on the level of deprivation in our communities.
We have targeted a greater proportion of the schools national funding formula towards deprived pupils than ever before.
In total, about £4.4 billion, or 10% of the formula, will be allocated according to deprivation factors in 2024-25.
If an area has fewer children from disadvantaged backgrounds than other areas, that will of course be reflected in its overall ranking for local authority funding.
Last week I visited Meadgate Primary School, which is one of the many good and outstanding schools in my constituency.
I am sure the Minister will recall precisely how many good and outstanding schools there are today, compared with 13 years ago.
Meadgate Primary School is part of an academy trust of seven schools, and across the schools this situation could account for a £70,000 difference between what they had calculated they might expect and what they will receive.
That is obviously concerning, but also concerning is the number of children now coming in who would have had an education, health and care plan done when they were at pre-school, but did not get one because of the pandemic and now face delays.
Given that high needs funding has doubled, will the Minister raise this backlog in assessments with the children’s Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , to try to make sure that our primary schools are getting the support they need today for those children with SEND?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend for the great work that she did as children’s Minister in the Department for Education.
She is right that the proportion of schools judged good or outstanding has increased.
In 2010, it was 68%, and today that figure is 88%.
We are not happy with that—our focus is on the remaining 12%.
Every local school in our country should be a good or outstanding school.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point about education, health and care plans.
She is right that the funding of the high needs budget has increased considerably over the past few years, and I will raise the issue of the backlog in EHCPs with my hon.
Friend the children’s Minister.
I should say that we are building significant numbers of new free special schools, so that there are more places available for children with severe special educational needs.
We know that a child growing up in an area of deprivation is on average likely to do less well through our school system.
I take the point that the Minister made about extra funding for deprivation, but will he accept from me that we know that money makes a difference?
When will this Government get a grip on the problem of deprivation?
Deprivation and disadvantaged children have been the core driving force of all our reforms since 2010.
We are spending record amounts of money on school funding—£59.6 billion is the highest ever in cash terms, in real terms and in real terms per pupil.
Before the pandemic, we had closed the attainment gap between disadvantaged children and other children by 13% in primary schools and by 9% in secondary schools.
That has been undone by the pandemic, but we are determined to close that gap again.
All the reforms that led to that closure are still in place, and we are confident, particularly with the £5 billion of recovery funding and the tutoring programme, that we will close that gap once again.