New research by UNICEF UK has made clear how badly the cost of living crisis has hit the mental health of families with young children.
Rising prices and services gutted by austerity have left 60% of parents feeling overwhelmed, anxious, unsupported and lonely all or most of the time.
What representations has the Secretary of State made to his Cabinet colleagues ahead of the upcoming autumn statement to support families and to improve health outcomes?
That shows just how divorced the SNP line of questioning is from the reality of funding.
The funding for mental health is £2.3 billion more this year than it was four years ago.
We are funding 160 mental health crisis cafés and we have a programme of mental health support teams being rolled out in our schools, all of which is subject to Barnett consequentials on which the Scottish Government receive money.
This Government  are committed to investing in mental health.
That is what we are doing.
The question for the Scottish Government is why they are not getting the same results that we are.
Most supermarkets practise place-based and price promotions mainly on ultra processed food—food that plays a key part in feeding the obesity crisis.
How can the Government best ensure that supermarkets promote affordable, unprocessed and sustainable foods, not foods high in fat, sugar and salt, and, importantly how can we ensure that supermarkets comply with the regulations?
We have already brought in restrictions on the places that unhealthy food can be sold to stop pester power.
That is on top of other measures that we are taking on obesity such as the sugar tax, calorie labelling, the extra money for school sport, and the extra facilities for young people.
It is a serious issue and one on which we are taking urgent action.
I was going to ask a question about the shocking statistic of 85,000 people on the waiting list at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital, but so poor was the Secretary of State’s response to the question of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  about the dental desert that I will tell him a quick story.
Ukrainian refugees who come to my constituency are travelling back to war-torn Ukraine to have their teeth seen to because there is a better dental service there than in Norfolk and Norwich.
What does he have to say to that?
As I have said, we have 6.5% more dentists now than when we came to power.
There is also a quarter more dental activity this year compared with last year.
I understand why the hon.
Gentleman does not want to talk about the investment that we are making on the elective programme in Norfolk, because it includes funding for two new hospitals in Norfolk through our new hospitals programme and significant funding into diagnostic capacity, with a number of diagnostic centres being opened in Norfolk, which he does not want to mention.
My local hospital, North Tees, is tired, dated and well beyond its life expectancy, with operating theatres too small to meet modern requirements, so I was hugely disappointed that my NHS trust failed even to apply for Government funding that could have built a new state-of-the-art surgical hub on the site.
Will my hon.
Friend work with me to ensure that the people of Stockton get the healthcare facilities that they need?
We will always work with my hon.
Friend and the trust on capital improvements where needed, but I am pleased to note that the trust has been allocated significant investment from national programmes in recent years, which my hon.
Friend fought hard for, including £32.2 million from our community diagnostic centres programme, which will provide vital testing to local residents close to home, and £3 million from our A&E upgrade programme.
We will of course continue  to work closely with colleagues in the NHS and the local trust to continue delivering for the people of Stockton.
Ten years on from the Francis report, the National Guardian’s Office—for freedom to speak up—reports that last year there were 937 cases where whistleblowers were not listened to and experienced detriment.
If we add that to 170,000 complaints, with 30,000 reaching the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, we can see that the complaints system across the NHS is defensive and dangerous.
Will the Secretary of State review the NHS complaints system, and embed a listening and learning culture and early intervention?
I discussed this with Henrietta Hughes, the patient safety champion, just yesterday as part of the sprint that we have commissioned in the Department in response to Martha’s rule.
We are doing considerable work with NHSE colleagues on how we better respond to the concerns of patients, whether it is through the work on Martha’s rule or the complaints process, and a significant amount of work is ongoing as part of that.