What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of integrated care systems.
Integrated care systems and the organisations within them are making real progress in understanding the health needs of their populations, setting out their plans, developing the infrastructure needed for collaboration, and bringing health and social care organisations together to serve the needs of their communities.
NHS Cheshire and Merseyside integrated care board has instructed all NHS providers to make cuts of 5% in their services.
Its instruction is not being discussed with members of the public, Members of Parliament or indeed anyone, and it is clear there is no mandate for this action.
Given that the Government have made great play of the NHS having more funds than ever before, I am at a loss to understand why the cuts are necessary, so will the Minister intervene to ensure that they do not happen on her watch?
NHS England determines the funding received by integrated care systems.
That follows a formula which takes into account the needs of local populations, demographic deprivation and so on, and ICSs are then able to direct resources as they are best  needed across those populations.
Part of their value, and part of the intention in setting them up along with the organisations within them, lies in that ability to understand the health needs of local populations and direct resources accordingly.
Integrated care systems bring partner organisations together to improve health, tackle inequalities, and enhance value for money.
Detailed data such as that produced by NHS Digital is critical to their work, but we learnt this week that A&E waiting times in Wales had been under-reported for the last 10 years.
Does the Minister agree that without accurate data, the Labour Government in Cardiff are scuppering the attempts of NHS Wales to deliver better health outcomes throughout Wales?
My hon.
Friend has made a good point about the importance of transparency and accurate data.
As she said, just this week we learnt that Labour-run NHS Wales had been under-reporting its A&E waiting times.
According to the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, about 45,000 patients are missing from the data.
While we are working hard to improve services in the NHS in England, the Labour-run NHS in Wales is merely fudging the figures.