In Mid Bedfordshire last year, 165 children—[Interruption.]
I do not know why Government Members are laughing; perhaps they should listen, as it is not our party that has let down the people of Mid Bedfordshire.
Last year, 165 children in Mid Bedfordshire had teeth removed due to tooth decay.
Some 800 patients were forced into A&E for the same reason and 100,000 people across the region cannot get access to an NHS dentist.
Instead of laughing, the Government might like to adopt Labour’s plan to provide 700,000 extra dentistry appointments every year.
Since 2010, we have had 6.5% more dentists, a quarter more appointments and, as we have just touched on, increasing flexibility in regulation and boosting overseas recruitment.
It is striking that one area of the country that the shadow Secretary of State does not want to talk about is Wales, which has a record of what a Labour Government will deliver.
Indeed, the Leader of the Opposition says that he wants Wales to be the “blueprint” for what the NHS would be in England.
There, this week, we have seen a fiddling of the figures on health.
Even without that fiddling, we know people are twice as likely to be on a waiting list in Wales as in England— Order.
One of us has got to sit down and it is not going to be me.
I let you have a good crack at the beginning, Secretary of State.
Your opening statement took quite a long time, which I do not mind.
I do not mind your having a go about Wales, but I am certainly  not going to open up a debate between the Government and Opposition Front Benches.
Topical questions are for Back Benchers and about short questions with short answers.
I want it to be kept that way, so please understand that.
There must be too many by-elections, because Members are getting carried away.
It is not just Mid Bedfordshire.
Across the country, the No.1 reason children aged six to 10 are admitted to hospital is tooth decay.
Given that, will the Secretary of State at least adopt the modest measure that Labour has proposed to introduce national supervised tooth brushing for small children—low cost, high impact—to keep their teeth clean and keep children out of hospital?
We are reforming the NHS workforce more fundamentally, looking at how we expand the roles that dental hygienists and dental therapists can perform.
We are looking at how we can boost training, which is why we have made the commitment for more dentists in the long-term workforce plan, backed by £2.4 billion.
How does that help?
It increases the number of dentists being trained and we have a quarter more activity compared with last year.
Can the Minister confirm that the £312 million capital investment to transform the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust acute hospitals is on track through the NHS approval process, with its outline business case, to enable a full business case to be concluded in the coming months so that construction can commence during this financial year?
My right hon.
Friend has long championed this cause.
I hope it is good news that I am able to confirm that enabling works have recently been approved for the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust hospital transformation programme and are expected to commence this financial year.
I can also confirm that funding has been provided for the development of the full business case and is expected to be submitted in the coming months.