To listen to the Secretary of State, you would think it was all going so well, so let me give him a reality check.
In Tamworth last year, only a third of patients said it was easy to get through to their doctor on the phone, one in three GP appointments were not conducted face to face and fewer than half of patients were offered a choice of  appointment.
The Government are not listening to the people of Tamworth.
Perhaps the Secretary of State would like to explain to the people of Tamworth why, after 13 years of Conservative Government, this is the case, and better still, adopt Labour’s plan to cut red tape, incentivise continuity of care and bring back the family doctor.
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman raised GPs in Tamworth.
The GP lead for the Doctors Association said that his plans for general practice filled them with despair, and his proposal for GP nationalisation was mocked by the Nuffield Trust, one of the respected think-tanks.
The reality is that this Government are investing in more tech in primary care, have recruited 31,000 additional roles into primary care and have over 2,000 more doctors working in primary care than before the pandemic.
Those are the facts.
His plans have been mocked by respected think-tanks because he talks a good game on reform but we know that he will never stand up to the trade unions.
What steps his Department is taking to provide a new health centre in Thornbury.
I am aware of the project to provide a new health centre in Thornbury and, of course, my hon.
Friend’s tireless work to champion it.
My officials are working closely with colleagues in NHS England and the integrated care board to help progress the scheme.
I understand that he met Lord Markham earlier today to discuss imminent funding for the development of the business case, and we will be in touch in the coming days.
I am grateful to Ministers for taking the time to meet me this morning to discuss the £40 million bid for a new health centre in Thornbury, which is a growing town that desperately needs this new facility.
The health centre will provide more GP appointments, more mental health support and, crucially, more out-patient services.
Can the Minister update me on the timescales for the announcement on funding for Thornbury health centre so we can get this crucial facility open as quickly as possible?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful case, and I know how passionate and determined he is to deliver the new Thornbury health centre.
I can assure him that my officials will continue to work closely with him, with the integrated care board and with the NHS to progress the scheme.
We will be in contact in the coming days, following the meeting he had earlier today with Lord Markham.
What recent steps his Department has taken to increase the availability of NHS dentistry services.
We are making NHS work more attractive to dentists.
We have started to reform the contracts and create more UDA bands.
We have introduced the minimum UDA value to help sustain  practices where values are lower, and we are allowing dentists to deliver 110% of their UDAs.
We are also reforming the rules to empower both clinicians and commissioners, for example by enabling therapists to start delivering medicines such as anaesthetics.
We are rebasing contract values where they are underperforming, and we are growing the workforce with a record commitment to grow the number of dentists in training by 40%—a commitment never made by the Opposition.
UDA rates, the sum paid to NHS dentists for each unit of dental work undertaken, have long been deemed insufficient.
Being based on figures from 2005, there are huge differences in rates between practices, with some receiving less than the NHS charges patients for the service.
A recent 5% uplift was based on the Government estimate of a 3% rise in costs, a figure that local dentists tell me is more like 10% to 15%, compounding the losses that NHS dentists are already making.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to reform the UDA system and to stop the flow of dentists leaving the NHS?
That is exactly why we have started to reform the UDA system.
As well as the introduction of the first ever minimum UDA rate, which will help constituencies such as my hon.
Friend’s, we have changed the rules nationally so that commissioners can take UDAs away from dentists who are underperforming and give them to those who want to do more NHS work.
As a result, nearly a quarter more NHS dentistry is being done than a year ago.
What steps he is taking to increase access to NHS dentistry services in the south-west.
In addition to the steps we are taking to drive up NHS dentistry everywhere, we are going further in the south-west, with NHSE commissioning additional urgent appointments.
There are several hundred extra appointments every week.