The Secretary of State has seen for himself the dilapidated steam generators at Kettering General Hospital.
The new £34 million net zero energy plant designed to replace them faces challenges from rising costs and new design requirements.
Will he ensure that the final business case approval process for this new power plant is completed as soon as possible, so that spades can hit the ground on time in spring 2024?
Yes I will.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the way he has championed this issue.
I have visited the hospital; I have seen it for myself.
As he will be aware, the full business case was received by the Department this morning.
While the cost has increased, it is still within the wider funding envelope for the scheme on that site and I will do everything I can to expedite the process as he asks.
In recent months, there was a concerted campaign from the public to prevent the closure of Park View Medical Centre in Liverpool, which was subsequently closed by the Merseyside and Cheshire integrated care board.
Not long after the conclusion of the campaign, during which members of the public were turning up to board meetings, the ICB announced that 50% of its meetings would now be held exclusively in private.
I for one do not believe that that is a coincidence.
What would the Secretary of State’s advice be to Merseyside and Cheshire ICB on transparency and accountability, and is it not time we looked at strengthening the guidance?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
I was not aware of that decision by the local ICB.
As a principle, I think we can agree across the House that greater transparency on such meetings is important, so I will follow up on that.
The Government are making significant investment into Merseyside; both Alder Hey Children’s Hospital and the Royal Liverpool University Hospital have been rebuilt at significant cost as part of this Government’s commitment to investing in the NHS estate in that area.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking the outgoing chief executive of the South Western Ambulance Service, Will Warrender?
He came to join the service in the middle of covid, during very difficult times, and did a lot of work to help, and that comes after his 32 years of public service in the Royal Navy.
I am happy to join my hon.
Friend; indeed, I am sure the whole House is happy to pay tribute to the exemplary public service Mr Warrender has provided, both in the Royal Navy and with the ambulance trust, and to wish him a very happy retirement.
Immunocompromised patients are facing their fourth winter without adequate protection from covid, despite a new study showing that they now comprise approximately 25% of all covid hospitalisations, intensive care unit admissions and deaths.
In the last few days, some hospitals have been giving guidance to their staff that they should not even test for covid unless they are working on specific wards.
After three and a half years, what are the Government going to do to put an end to this appalling situation, where some of the most clinically vulnerable patients are scared of accessing the healthcare they need for fear it could literally be a death sentence?
During the pandemic, as the hon.
Lady knows, the Government prioritised the clinically extremely vulnerable and significant investment went in there.
We follow the guidance from the UK Health Security Agency about the right level of infection control.
More widely, we need to look at what medicine is   effective.
If it relates to immunosuppressants, there was a big debate in summer 2022 about that issue and we keep the science under active review.