Title: HONORING KANKO ZONOU; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
156

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KANKO ZONOU

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service and

accomplishments of Kanko Zonou, my congressional staffer who has

consistently served my office and the people of Florida's 24th

Congressional District.
Kanko has proven to be a very articulate young

woman and shows great promise for her future endeavors.
Kanko has

assisted my office in various areas, such as legislative research,

constituent outreach, and team management.
She had demonstrated an

excellent drive and a continuous willingness to learn.
Kanko Zonou was born in Lome, Togo and raised in the state of

Georgia, She is a Magna Cum Laude graduate of Georgia State University

where she earned her Bachelor's degree in Political Science.
At Georgia

State University, she served as Women's Rights chair for the NAACP, and

she received the Nell Hamilton Trotter Student Leadership Award for her

service.
During her junior year, she presented two research projects

centered around economic issues at the Southern Political Science

Association's 2022 annual conference.
Kanko is currently a member of

Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.
Her experiences have

empowered her to advocate for human rights, as well as social justice.
Upon transitioning from my office, Kanko will continue to work in

legislation as she fights for justice.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Kanko Zonou for her exemplary

character, dedication to teamwork, and willingness to learn.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VERA PUNKE

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize my constituent, Ms.

Vera Punke, for turning 108 years old last month.
Vera was born on August 29, 1915.
She celebrated her birthday with

friends and family around, along with an abundance of Arlington

dignitaries.
Vera has been a highly successful businesswoman, community

organizer, co-founder of the Woman's Youth League of Rhode Island, Den

Mother, Brownie and Girl Scout Leader, Mother, Grandmother, and Great

Grandmother.
She has been an exemplary volunteer at The Jefferson

community and remains as active, engaged, energetic, and decisive as

ever.
Vera always remains available to anyone needing a helping hand, a

shoulder to cry on, a sympathetic listener to anyone just wanting to

talk, and an inspiration to anyone who knows her life's story.
She

lives by her personal motto: ``If I have helped ease one ache or pain,

I have not lived in vain.''
Arlington is honored to celebrate her

accomplished life and this milestone birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE NEW AUTHORITY OF THE TENNESSEE OLD-TIME MUSIC AND DANCE

ASSOCIATION TO BESTOW THE TITLE OF THE NATIONAL BUCKDANCING CHAMPION

HON.
SCOTT DesJARLAIS

Mr. DesJARLAIS.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a cultural

staple in Middle Tennessee that has left an indelible mark on the

history of the Volunteer State for over a century.
Each year,

communities across Tennessee unite in celebration of the rich tradition

Championship.
The annual National Buckdancing Championship has recently experienced

a change of venue, with the Tennessee Old-Time Music and Dance

Association now shouldering the responsibility of commemorating this

time-honored tradition.
Through their production of the Thomas Maupin

Festival, affectionately known as MaupinFest, in Unionville, Tennessee,

the Tennessee Old-Time Music and Dance Association has played a pivotal

role in preserving this significant piece of American cultural

heritage.
I want to express my heartfelt appreciation to the Uncle Dave

Macon Days Association, who diligently oversaw the National Buckdancing

Championship annually since 1986 when Congress entrusted them with this

duty, up until 2019.
Since its inception in 2019, the Tennessee Old-

Time Dance Association has organized MaupinFest and has continued to

bestow the title of National Buckdancing Champion on behalf of Uncle

Dave Macon Days.