The shambolic Conservative Government created a crisis for democracy in this country with their cronyism, rule breaking and constant sleaze scandals.
They even appointed as their Attorney General  the right hon.
and learned Member for Torridge and Tavistock (Sir Geoffrey Cox) , who before his appointment represented some of the world’s largest tax dodgers.
The Liberal Democrats want to repair the damage that was done by the constant stream of Conservative sleaze and finally restore public trust in our politics.
I do, however, have some questions for the Solicitor General.
Has the Attorney General sought independent legal advice regarding any possible conflicts of interest relating to his previous work at Matrix Chambers?
Can the Solicitor General assure the House that all and any  impropriety will be thoroughly looked into, and will she please introduce annual training on conflicts of interests and ethics for all Ministers and finally enshrine the ministerial code in law?
Order.
The hon.
Gentleman has mentioned another Member.
I do not think it was critical, and that is fine, but if it was critical—[Hon.
Members: “It was.”]
Just let me finish.
If it was critical, I am sure that he will have informed that other Member.
I did.
You did.
There we go—and Members were getting all excited.
I call the Solicitor General.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
I have outlined the rigorous process that exists in the Attorney General’s office and, as I said, has existed across Administrations of all colours.
I declare an interest as a member of the Justice Select Committee.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Opposition’s position fundamentally misunderstands the role of lawyers in our justice system?
The Attorney General also represented victims of the tragedy in Grenfell Tower.
Does my hon.
Friend also agree that the Attorney General has followed the same processes as his predecessors in managing any potential conflicts, and that what we are faced with is just another example of the Opposition trying to undermine our legal institutions merely for political gain?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
The undermining of this foundational principle of our legal system has been extremely cynical.
Sections 46 and 47 of the legacy Act enjoyed unanimous support in both this House and the other place.
It is the Government’s choice to repeal those sections that has raised the question before us today and opened up the possibility of compensating Gerry Adams, isn’t it?
I do not agree, I am afraid.
Does the Attorney General’s experience, having served both as a distinguished advocate and now as a Law Officer, not make him uniquely qualified to uphold the rule of law and advise the Government appropriately?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and it will be no surprise to hear that I very much agree with her.
Lord Hermer is an extraordinarily experienced barrister, and he brings that experience to his role as Attorney General.
I understand that the Solicitor General wants to maintain the confidentiality of the Law Officers’ office, but the issue before us is whether there is a conflict of interest.
For example, the Attorney General has advocated in relation to the policies of the Israeli Government, and then we have had a change of policy by the Government that has been directly influenced by the legal advice that has  been given.
The challenge is whether that advice has been given on the basis of prejudicial views held prior to entering the Attorney General’s Office.
I do not expect the Solicitor General to unveil the details, but she must understand that that is the impression being given.
Every aspect of transparency and democracy requires that the advice given by the Attorney General to the Government is impartial, correct and not prejudiced.
The hon.
Member will know that the Law Officers’ convention means that I cannot confirm that the Attorney General has advised or whether his advice has been sought on any matter.
We are seeing some extraordinary and absolutely shameless attacks, because not only is the Attorney General a barrister of international standing, but as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss)  said, he represented the victims of Grenfell Tower.
Does the Solicitor General agree with me that Conservative Members would do well to remember that when they attack the Attorney General about his former clients?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I agree with her.