After years of the Tories failing our rural communities, including with a dodgy and utterly shameful Australian trade deal, it is a great pity that the new Government have picked up the baton.
From Orkney to the Isles of Scilly, Liberal Democrat colleagues are extremely concerned about the impact of these proposals.
The report published yesterday clearly demonstrates the uncertainty about the income from the misguided family farm tax over the next two decades.
In the light of this, and given that it will hit older farmers in particular and those who put food on the tables of the United Kingdom, will the Minister do the right thing and scrap this tax?
The OBR document published yesterday refers to the level of uncertainty associated with this policy, which is exactly what was set out at the time of the Budget, and it is a typical way in which the OBR responds to new measures.
What was published yesterday simply reiterates the OBR’s conclusions from the end of October.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, once again, the Conservative party has failed to agree with the tough decisions we have made and has no idea how to raise the revenue to finance the public services that benefit rural communities like mine in north Buckinghamshire?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The party opposite—in fact, the parties opposite—routinely support the Government’s spending and investment decisions but will not support any of the difficult decisions we have to take to fund them.
The weight of public and business opinion is not with the Minister on this issue, and the body of expert opinion speaking out against this tax proposal is now overwhelming.
The Minister is a kindly man, so I wonder if he will indulge me.
What would he be saying if he were in opposition and that weight of opinion was being expressed against a Conservative Government’s Treasury policy?
The hon.
Gentleman is a kindly man, too.
I value the conversations that he and I have had outside the Chamber.
People looking at this policy, and all our policies in the Budget, will recognise that we had to take difficult decisions, and will understand the context: our inheritance from the previous Government.
We recognise the toughness of those decisions—they were not easy to make—but we prioritise balancing the public finances and economic stability, because that is how  we get investment in growth, which our country so badly needs.
rose— Mr Dickson, I think you were very late.
I would not want to embarrass you by allowing you to ask a question.
One of the witnesses before the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee told us that the Government’s changes hit the people the Government say they are protecting, and protect the people the Government say they are hitting.
It is difficult to improve on that analysis of what is proposed.
It really does not have to be like that.
There is a sensible debate to be had about reforming inheritance tax to stop the super-rich from sheltering their wealth while still protecting family farms.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has its technical consultation coming up.
Why does the Minister not agree to broaden its terms, engage with the farming communities, and look for a way to protect family farms and get at those who are sheltering their wealth in land?
The policy that we are implementing includes generous provisions to protect family farms—the £1 million entire relief from inheritance tax for agriculture and business property assets.
That is in addition to the nil-rate bands that people can access as part of the general inheritance tax scheme.
We think that strikes the right balance between making sure we raise money for the public finances and protecting family farms.
Mr Speaker, have you noticed a pattern—that on a Thursday, a Treasury Minister will be asked to come to the Commons to answer an urgent question, and there will be barely a soul on the Labour Benches behind them when they do?
Order.
Surely that is not relevant to the question you are going to ask.
Come on!
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that the measure will raise £500 million in revenue by 2029, which, in the context of tax revenues of over £1,150 billion, is a very small number.
What value does the Minister put on food security for the United Kingdom?
Obviously, the Government put the highest priority on food security.
That is why our policies set out to support it, and the farming sector more widely.
The policy is one of many difficult decisions that we had to take in the Budget to balance the public finances, support public services and provide the economic stability we need for investment and growth.
I have heard from many farming businesses across Glastonbury and Somerton over the last few months, but one farm in Hurcot near Somerton recently wrote to me to describe the anguish and stress that the changes to the APR and BPR have caused them.
As in the case of many farming businesses, their succession planning has focused on the primary landowner retaining the farm until death.
How will the Minister explain to them that according to the OBR, the potential loss of their family farm business is likely to have little impact on the public finances, and that the policy will hit the oldest farmers hardest?
The OBR’s publication yesterday sets out the costings that were in the October Budget.
There is no difference between the costings set out in October and what the OBR set out yesterday.
It simply showed more of the background behind how they calculated those costings, for transparency and so that people are aware.
Indeed, it says in the report that that is done in an effort to improve the public debate and ensure that people understand what is behind the data published at the time of the Budget.
As I said to several Opposition Members, clearly this was one of many tough decisions that we took in the Budget to balance the public finances, but we also made sure that there is greater protection from inheritance tax under our proposed reform scheme than is available more widely.
The Labour Government’s family farm tax will be catastrophic to farmers in my constituency in the Borders.
I will join many of them and their tractors in Kelso on Saturday, when the farming community comes together to show its displeasure and disapproval of this policy.
Farmers will struggle to pay this tax, so what assessment have the Government made of the policy’s impact on vets, feed merchants, machinery suppliers, and all the other people who support the rural economy?
Supporting the rural economy, public services and investment right across the country is part of Labour’s national mission to get the economy growing, but the prerequisite for that investment and economic growth is stable public finances.
Without economic stability, we cannot proceed to the investment and growth that we all so desperately need.
That is why the decision  to target agricultural property relief and business property relief was taken, alongside all the other difficult decisions that we took in the Budget.
This measure is now revealed to be spectacularly ill-considered, leaving aside the fact that it is also a breathtaking betrayal of farmers, who were promised before the election that this would not happen.
The measure groups intergenerational farmers with speculative millionaires seeking to dodge tax by getting involved in farming.
It has put an immediate brake on investment in farming, which threatens to lower yields and drive up food prices.
That then threatens to put inflationary pressures on the UK economy, which is already in a perilous state.
This Government cannot just agree with the OBR when it suits them.
They must agree with the OBR regardless of what it says.
Will the Minister please respectfully pause the measure, take some time to think about this, and come up with something that will actually deliver for the Treasury but not push our family farming sector under.
There still seems to be confusion among Opposition Members about what the OBR publication set out.
It reiterates the costings that were published at the time of the Budget, on  30 October .
It explains how those costings were arrived at, so that people can understand the calculations behind them, but the costings are the same as those published at the time of the Budget.
Mr Speaker, if you look at the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, you will see a reference to my family farm in my constituency.
Last Sunday, I drove one of our tractors to Fakenham racecourse to support the farmers’ protest against the APR and BPR.
I talked to other farmers, and the key complaint was that there had been no consultation on the changes, and no time for older farmers to adjust their affairs.
All those concerns have been rubbished by Ministers time and again, most recently today.
Now that the OBR confirms that it is more difficult for older people to restructure their affairs quickly, will the Government finally listen, show some humility, and consult on how best to tackle the tax shelterers while still protecting our farmers?
The comments in the OBR publication yesterday about older individuals reference a point that has been made since the Budget in debates in this place and elsewhere.
We have pointed out that our reform of agricultural property relief and business property relief maintains generous exemptions from inheritance tax; £1 million is subject to relief, and there is the 50% relief beyond that, the existing nil-rate bands, and other exemptions in the system.
Unusually, in Scotland tenant farms can be passed down as inheritance.
I have been asking the Treasury whether it has made an assessment of the impact on such farms, given that their farmers cannot sell land to meet the APR liability that they might face.
So far, the answer appears to be that there is no assessment, so I ask the Minister for an answer from the Dispatch Box: is he aware of agricultural tenancies under the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1991, and has he made an impact assessment?
The way to calculate the impact of changes to inheritance tax policy is to look at the inheritance tax claims that have been made, and that is what we have used as the basis for our calculations.
In fact, the OBR publication yesterday confirms that it used HMRC’s data on inheritance tax reliefs in the past and inheritance tax projected forward, and it is on the basis of that data that we designed our policy.