In October, applications opened for eligible estates to claim interim compensation payments of £100,000.
So far, more than 230 estates have received payments.
I hope those payments are welcomed as the beginning of recognition for those who have lost loved ones to this devastating scandal.
The delivery of compensation payments is rightly a matter for IBCA, which is an independent arm’s length body chaired by Sir Robert Francis.
The Government expect payments to eligible affected people to begin this year, following a second set of regulations that I will be laying before Parliament in the coming weeks.
I do not imagine there is one MP in this House who has not had constituents come to talk to them about the infected blood scandal.
In fact, this week I spoke to one such constituent, Linda Cannon, who told me her story, saying: “I lost my husband, Billy, in February 2013 to Hepatitis C after a blood transfusion in 1986, for a stomach ulcer, at Bangour Hospital.
He was not informed till 2011 that he had been infected, only finding out after presenting with a sore back.
He underwent severe treatment, without success, which will live with me forever.
Life has been difficult to deal with after this”.
The consequences have been completely devastating for her family.
Mr Cannon will not see justice, but several of my other constituents must.
I welcome the urgency with which this Government have moved forward with this issue, because justice for the victims of this injustice is long overdue.
Can the Minister update the House on how he has been working—not just in England, but across Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland—to make sure that payments get to those who need them immediately?
The whole House will be moved by the story of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
It is a story from this appalling scandal that many of us across the House will be hearing from our constituents.
I am pleased that first payments have been made to people who have waited far too long for compensation.
Those payments were made by the end of 2024, as I committed to the House to do.
I also commit specifically to my hon.
Friend to working closely with the devolved Administrations to ensure that victims across the United Kingdom can achieve justice.
The victims of the infected blood scandal, including those from my constituency who attended Treloar college in Hampshire, have been fighting for justice for decades.
They have raised deep concerns about the slow progress of compensation payments; the Infected Blood Compensation Authority projects that by the end of March just 250 people will have been offered compensation.
Will the Government accelerate the roll-out of the compensation scheme to ensure that victims see justice within their lifetimes?
I am restless for progress on the speed of payments, and I will do everything in my gift as a Minister to lay the regulations before this House speedily.
IBCA is obviously operationally independent and—I was having this discussion yesterday in Newcastle—the test and learn approach that it uses, which starts with a representative sample of cases, will allow it to ramp up delivery.
When I was in Newcastle yesterday I saw a group of public servants working efficiently in a compassionate way to deliver.
What steps he is taking to reduce the cost of ministerial travel.
Across all our work this Government are determined to deliver better value for money for taxpayers.
That is why, shortly after we came to office, this Government scrapped the Conservative party’s VIP helicopter service, which was a grossly wasteful symbol of a Government who were totally out of touch with the problems facing the rest of the country.
Under this Government, Ministers must ensure that they always make efficient and cost-effective travel arrangements, which the Government publish on gov.uk.