Yesterday in Davos, Mr Šefčovič suggested that the UK and the EU were talking about dynamic alignment.
As the Paymaster General will be aware, that is, if true, a very significant step.
Will he be clear with the House: is dynamic alignment on the table?
I have to give the hon.
Gentleman top marks for audacity.
I do not know whether Conservative MPs have heard, but a week ago, the Leader of the Opposition gave her new year speech, and, as I am sure they know, we listened to it extremely carefully.
Do they know what she said about previous EU-UK negotiations?
She said that the Conservative Government were engaging in them “before we had a plan for growth outside the EU… These mistakes were made because we told people what they wanted to hear first and then tried to work it out later.”
Why doesn’t the— Order.
I think we are in danger—[Interruption.]
I am not going to sit down, Minister.
[Interruption.]
Thank you.
We have a lot of questions to get through.
If you want to make a statement on that in future, I would welcome it.
I would welcome that, too, Mr Speaker, because the right hon.
Gentleman was not answering my question—just as he did not answer the question of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dumfries and Galloway (John Cooper) , and just as his Department is not answering questions of any hue at the moment, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood)  made clear.
It comes to something when Mr Šefčovič is a better guide to what is going on than the British Government.
If the Government are committed to dynamic alignment, that is a significant step, as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, because it could bring the European Court of Justice back into having jurisdiction over the United Kingdom.
So, for the avoidance of doubt, will he rule out the ECJ having jurisdiction over the UK in any regard in the future?
I am astonished by the question, because the hon.
Gentleman is also the shadow Northern Ireland Secretary, and will know the role that the European Court of Justice plays in the Windsor framework.
Turning to his question about the negotiations, we have set out our red lines in the manifesto, and have set out examples of things that we are seeking to negotiate—that is already there.
The Leader of the Opposition was apologising last week for the conduct of the Conservative party in its relationship with the EU.
Why is the hon.
Gentleman not starting with an apology, or did he just not get the memo from his leader?