Having inherited the fastest-growing economy in the G7, the Chancellor’s Budget has led to the highest borrowing costs since the pandemic, growth flatlining, business confidence plummeting and job freezes.
Who has Labour chosen to pay the price for its economic illiteracy?
Pensioners, family businesses and farmers.
For  months, farmers, farming businesses, professional advisers and economists, and now eight major supermarkets, have warned the Chancellor that she has got her figures wrong, but Ministers cleave desperately to their soundbites.
Let us hope that they listen to the OBR.
Yesterday, the independent OBR released additional information about this particular measure and reiterated the “‘high’ uncertainty” of the predicted yield.
It noted that the yield of the measure is likely to be reduced by 35% because of behavioural responses, and that it is unlikely to reach a steady state for 20 years.
The OBR also expressed grave concerns about the impact on older individuals and their ability to plan.
In short, the reassurances provided by Ministers are falling almost as flat as the economy.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury has lectured this House about the perils of sidelining the OBR.
In light of its analysis, will the Minister now commit to a full and proper review of this dreadful policy?
The public have noticed that Government Ministers are failing to answer reasonable questions about their policies, so will the Minister please give straight answers to the farmers and businesses watching our proceedings today?
In light of the new analysis, how many farms does the Treasury think will be affected by the changes to APR, APR/BPR and BPR alone?
What assessment has he made of the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers’ finding that the Chancellor has underestimated the number of farms affected by the changes by a factor of five?
How many tenant farmers will be evicted?
As worrying reports of suicides among farmers begin to emerge, will the Minister please do what the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has failed to do and measure the number of suicides over the next 12 months, so that we can understand the human cost of this policy?
Finally, why does the Minister think that Tesco, Sainsbury’s, Asda, Morrisons, Marks & Spencer, Aldi, Lidl and the Co-op have all come out against this tax policy and believe the Treasury’s figures to be wrong?
Why does he think they are wrong and he is right?
I think there may be some confusion on the Conservative Benches about what the OBR data shows.
The data published by the OBR yesterday refers to exactly the same costing as was published at Budget.
It sets out the approach to modelling and the costing, which is typical and in line with other tax policies.
Indeed, the OBR’s statement makes it clear that: “The OBR’s role is to provide independent scrutiny and certification of whether the Government’s policy costings are reasonable and central.”
That is exactly what the OBR has done in publishing the extra information, which shows the modelling behind the data that was published at the time of the Budget.
The shadow Secretary of State asked about the data.
The data on the number of affected estates claiming APR and, indeed, APR/BPR—some 530 is the upper estimate—is in table 1.1 of the OBR document published yesterday.
That is consistent with what we have been saying for many months since the Budget.
I think Opposition Members are confusing the value of farms with the value of claims under inheritance tax.
The only way to truly understand the impact of changes to inheritance tax policy on inheritance tax claims is to look at the claims data itself.
We are working in partnership with the large supermarket chains to make sure they are driving economic growth.
We are very clear that some of the decisions we had to take in the Budget were difficult decisions that will have consequences, but we are determined to work with businesses across the country to drive economic growth, which is the No. 1 mission of this Government.
The people of Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West love the local produce provided by local farmers in our fantastic markets, such as Grainger market, and they enjoy the beautiful countryside of Northumberland, which has been shaped by generations of sustainable farming.
However, we cannot help but be aware that most of that land is owned by, for example, the Duke of Northumberland, big landowners and those seeking to minimise their tax exposure, so does the Minister agree that, by keeping this loophole open for so long, the country has pushed up land prices and pushed out the next generation of young farmers?
There certainly is evidence that the current inheritance tax system has caused people to use these reliefs for tax planning and to avoid inheritance tax bills.
My hon.
Friend alludes to the broader question of the fairness and sustainability of this measure.
As I mentioned earlier, 40% of agricultural property relief benefits the top 7% of estates, and 50% of business property relief benefits the top 4% of estates.
The Leader of the Opposition has said that she thinks this is a good way to prioritise public money, but we think it is neither fair nor sustainable.