What progress has been made on improving engagement with those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal?
As the Paymaster General is aware, there has been a great deal of concern among those people and the organisations that represent them.
May I urge him to sit down with his opposite number in the Department   of Health and Social Care, which is responsible for getting aid to the organisations that support those people who are infected and affected, because they are desperately in need of the resources?
I will be carrying out another round of engagement with victims next week.
As I said in answer to the former Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) , the role of user consultants in the Infected Blood Compensation Authority is vital as well.
There are still, sadly, two victims of the contaminated blood scandal dying on a weekly basis.
Will my right hon.
Friend say what is preventing the Government from instructing IBCA to issue core payments today to all living infected victims registered with the existing support schemes?
IBCA is operationally independent, but I expect the first payments for the affected to be made before the end of this year.
I am restless for progress and will do all I can as a Minister to drive this forward.
Public sector procurement is a fantastic way to drive productivity, innovation and local value in public services, but too often, small businesses, start-ups and voluntary service providers in Newcastle tell me they have difficulty accessing public sector contracts; they do not have as many lawyers, consultants or project managers as bigger businesses.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure better access to public sector contracts?
I have heard very similar things from the small and medium-sized enterprises I have been talking to around the country.
We are bringing forward a new national procurement policy statement that will put SMEs right at the heart of Government procurement policies.
Open end-to-end procurement data could be a goldmine for mission-driven government, and as the Competition and Markets Authority warned recently, it could make bid rigging harder.
Can the Minister explain how we will grasp the opportunity of open end-to-end procurement data?
I have met the CMA about the critical issue of bid rigging, and it is something the Government are looking into.
More broadly, the Procurement Act 2023 and the new national procurement policy statement put transparency and openness at the heart of our strategy, including a new online portal, which will make it much easier to see upcoming bids.
(Urgent Question)
To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what assessment she has made of the Office for Budget Responsibility’s supplementary forecast information release on the costing of changes to agricultural and business property relief.
At the autumn Budget, we took difficult decisions on tax, welfare and spending that were necessary to restore economic stability, fix the public finances and support public services.
We had to do that to address the mess we inherited from the previous Government, which  the right hon.
Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins)  will remember well, having served in that ill-fated Government.
We have taken these decisions in a way that makes the tax system fairer and more sustainable.
The Government are better targeting agricultural property relief and business property relief to make them fairer.
These reforms mean that despite the tough fiscal context, the Government are maintaining very significant levels of relief from inheritance tax beyond what is available to others.
Under the current system, the benefit of the 100% relief on business and agricultural assets is heavily skewed towards the wealthiest estates.
According to the latest data from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, 40% of agricultural property relief benefits the top 7% of estates making claims.
That is just 117 estates claiming £219 million of relief.
It is a similar picture for business property relief, with more than 50% of it being claimed by just 4% of estates making claims, which equates to 158 estates claiming £558 million in tax relief.
Our reforms mean that individuals can access 100% relief for the first £1 million of combined business and agricultural assets, and 50% thereafter.
Given the nil rate bands, this means that a couple can pass on up to £3 million between them to a direct descendant, inheritance tax free.
Yesterday, the Office for Budget Responsibility published further details on the data sources and modelling used to estimate costings across a number of the tax measures announced at Budget, including the reforms to agricultural property relief and business property relief.
The costing is the same as published at Budget, and the approach to modelling the costing is typical and in line with other tax policies.
As the Government have set out, the reforms mean that almost three quarters of estates claiming APR in 2026-27, including those that also claim BPR, will not pay more inheritance tax.
This is a fair approach that protects farms while also fixing the public services we all rely on.