Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
The Attorney General previously represented former Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams in a damages claim brought by victims of IRA bombings.
Indeed, we know that he received £30,000 for that representation.
The  constitutional propriety of our legal system demands absolute clarity on how conflicts of interest with  former clients are managed at the very highest levels of Government.
This goes far beyond individual matters of advice; it strikes at the very heart of the proper administration of justice.
Let me be absolutely clear that this is not about Lord Hermer’s career at the Bar; it is about the proper mechanisms for recusal when matters concerning former clients come before Government.
The House must know what safeguards are in place to protect the public interest when such situations arise, especially regarding sections 46 and 47 of the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
What are the formal procedures for the Attorney General’s recusal in matters involving former clients?
Has the Attorney General recused himself from any matters since taking office?
What assessment has been made of potential conflicts arising from his extensive litigation against the Government?
[Interruption.]
This all goes to the heart of public confidence in our legal system.
The Prime Minister stood at the Dispatch Box and promised this House a Government of standards and integrity.
[Interruption.]
The proper management of conflicts of interest at the highest levels of the Government Legal Service is not optional; it is fundamental to that promise— Order.
Please, you have two minutes, not three, and we have to stick to the rules.
I allowed you to go on, but I was not coughing for my health; it was to give you a hint to come to the end of your question.
Have you now finished?
I have, Mr Speaker.
Thank you.
I call the Solicitor General.
I have outlined the rigorous process that exists in the Attorney General’s Office and has existed across Administrations of all colours.
The House may be aware that the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , has written to the Cabinet Secretary seeking clarity—the clarity to which the shadow Solicitor General refers—on that process and an investigation into it.
The Cabinet Secretary has today confirmed by reply that the Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous system in place to ensure that a Law Officer would not be consulted on any matter that could give rise to a potential conflict of interest.
He has restated that those arrangements are of long standing and part of standard practice that has applied under successive Administrations.
[Interruption.]
I encourage Opposition Members to take comfort from that statement—[Interruption.]
Order.
[Interruption.]
Solicitor General, when I am standing, you must sit down.
Mr Mullan, whether here or elsewhere, I do not want a running commentary from you on everything we debate.
Do we understand each other?
indicated assent.
Good, because I have certainly had enough of it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Solicitor General raised the previous experience of the Attorney General.
Lord Hermer is a very experienced barrister, and during his time in private practice—prior to his appointment to Government—he represented high-profile clients in a number of cases.
It is a central and well-understood aspect of the British legal system, as she knows, that barristers are required to accept instructions if they are available and qualified to do so—the well-known “cab rank” principle.
She will also be very aware that, put simply, barristers are not their clients.
As the Bar Council states: “Barristers do not choose their clients, nor do they associate themselves with their clients’ opinions or behaviour by virtue of representing them.”
In recent days, the Opposition have cynically linked the Attorney General with some of his previous clients.
I grew up on military bases in armed forces communities in the 1980s, and I remember what it felt like when my dad had to check underneath the car before every single journey we made.
I note that because it is the backdrop against which I say that I would defend with every fibre of my being the duty of any barrister in this country, including Lord Hermer, to defend any client before any court, as we all should.
I will end by restating the principle in words that I think are particularly powerful: “Don’t judge a surgeon by their patients, a journalist by their interviewees—or a lawyer by their clients.”
Those were the words of the current Conservative shadow Attorney General.