The Minister refers to helicopter travel, and she has given her description of the previous Government.
Does she not accept that the Government are using VIP helicopter travel, not through the Ministry of Defence budget but through the Cabinet Office  budget?
Does that not make this Government grossly hypocritical, and is that not a symbol of how out of touch they are with the British public?
Under the last Government, the former Prime Minister would take helicopters for short journeys at huge waste to the taxpayer.
The Prime Minister’s ministerial travel under this Government is always decided with consideration for the most efficient and best use of time and, crucially, in the interests of the taxpayer.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the fishing industry on the UK-EU trade and co-operation agreement.
I engage with a range of stakeholders relevant to our relationship with the EU, for example through the UK-EU trade and co- operation agreement’s domestic advisory group, which I last met in September and which includes representatives of the UK fishing industry.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is the responsible Department, and has ongoing dialogue with the industry.
I recently met my hon.
Friend the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs to discuss fisheries matters, and I will meet representatives of the Scottish fishing industry in the very near future to discuss their interests in our fisheries relationship with the EU under the trade and co-operation agreement.
I am delighted to hear that those meetings are scheduled, because the review of the TCA is seen by fishing industries around the UK as an opportunity to undo some of the damage that was done by Boris Johnson at the end of the Brexit negotiations.
I met the EU Commission official who will be leading the EU side of the negotiations and it is clear that she is informed of their industries’ priorities and has a plan for achieving them.
The EU sees this as an important piece of work.
The Minister can only do what needs to be done if he is prepared to engage with and listen to the views of our fishing industries and communities.
I understand and recognise the strong interest in what happens in 2026 when the arrangements that were negotiated by the previous Government end.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that I will listen and engage.
We will protect the interests of our fisheries, and also fulfil our international commitments to protect the marine environment.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
As I set out in a speech last month, modern government is about not just what the Government want to do but reform of the state itself.
We want to see public services that revolve around the needs of service users, using new technology in the best way possible to  secure value for money and better outcomes for our citizens.
We have launched a number of test and learn projects with local authority areas to get better results on difficult issues such as temporary accommodation.
Just this week, we announced that we will launch a new gov.uk app in June, which will be a step change in fast and easy public access to Government services.