At the heart of what we want to do is improving living standards, outcomes and opportunities for all.
One of the consequences of the long waiting times and waiting lists in the NHS in recent years is that it has been tougher on those who simply cannot afford to pay.
It is therefore in the interests of good health and equal access to put in the investment that was announced by the Chancellor in the Budget, which is being taken forward in the plans announced by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
The reform of public services and the reliance on artificial intelligence to deliver that led the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to pilot the Microsoft Copilot program.
That pilot ended after six months, yet it demonstrated transformative improvements in departmental efficiency and was particularly beneficial for disabled and neurodivergent staff.
Will the Minister confirm whether funding for that tool, which has been suspended until 2026, could be released so that staff could benefit from its application?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right to point out the advantages that can come from these things.
I am reluctant to make specific announcements about funding for specific projects.
However, the Government are determined not only to make the UK a good home for investment in AI, which will be huge around the world in the coming years, but to make the best possible use of AI in the delivery of public services, which we believe can get good value for money and better outcomes for the public.
The road will not always be easy, and there will be things that go wrong, but frankly, with our tradition of creativity and innovation, we want to grasp this technology and make the best use of it.
What steps he is taking to reduce fraud in the public sector.
Yesterday, the Government announced ambitious new legislation to take action on fraud, updating the Department for Work and Pensions’ powers for the first time in 20 years and introducing new powers to take on high-value fraud across the wider public sector.
At the Budget, the Chancellor announced the biggest welfare fraud and error budget in recent history.
Under the last Government, fraud spiralled out of control, but we are determined to protect every pound of taxpayers’ money.