Between July 2023 and 2024, over 150 cyber-incidents were reported by the local government sector in the UK.
Last year, the average ransom demand from a ransomware attack was over £2.2 million.
As the local government sector does not pay ransoms, the average cost to our councils of recovering from a ransomware attack is approximately £12 million.
Will my right hon.
Friend therefore make additional support available to local authorities to enhance their cyber-security and protect local services for constituents such as mine in Stevenage?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the threat to local authorities.
This is a whole-system threat.
It can affect central Government, private businesses and local authorities.
In October, my colleagues at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government launched the cyber assessment framework for local government, which sets a clear standard for the sector.
They also provide monthly cyber clinics and support local authorities to improve collaboration, share intelligence and tackle common vulnerabilities.
There has to be constant dialogue and a constant fight against this growing threat.
Ministers in this Department and in others have been generous in  engaging with my repeated requests for engagement with Cheltenham’s cyber-security industry, where GCHQ and the National Cyber Security Centre are located.
There is increasing evidence that having the private and public sectors co-located is important for our cyber-security sector.
The Golden Valley development provides an opportunity to do that, and the Places for Growth scheme might give an opportunity for more public sector officials to be placed alongside one of our most influential cyber-clusters.
Would the Minister be interested in having a meeting about that?
But not at the expense of Lancashire.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate the hon.
Member for his relentlessness in raising those issues on behalf of his constituency.
He is right to draw attention to the assets we have there—GCHQ and the National Cyber Security Centre—and I pay tribute to the officials working there.
There is a benefit to clusters in people learning from one another and in being close by, and it all helps contribute to our efforts in this area.