The wholly inadequate deal with the EU negotiated by the previous Conservative Government has done enormous damage to British businesses, which have seen soaring import costs, increased workforce shortages, and reams of red tape creating huge barriers to growth.
The return of a Trump Administration in Washington changes the landscape of trade deals globally with the threat of high tariffs, and will be deeply worrying for many businesses across the country.
The UK must lead on the world stage again, standing up for our interests by working closely with other countries—most importantly, our European neighbours—as set out by my right hon.
Friend the leader of the Liberal Democrats in his new year’s speech last week.
I urge the Minister to be more ambitious in rebuilding our relationship with Europe.
Does he agree that the best way to boost growth and fix our relationship with the EU is to agree a new UK-EU customs union?
I am grateful to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for her question, but as I indicated in an earlier answer, we do not choose between allies.
We are looking to deepen our trade links right around the world with different partners, but the hon.
Lady should be aware that we are ambitious on the UK-EU relationship, and we will take that ambition forward into the UK-EU summit.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
As an immediate first step in reform, the Government introduced the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers)
Bill to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
That Bill was unamended and passed in this House, and will soon be in Committee in the other place.
I regularly meet talented, hard-working and intelligent young people across Ossett and Denby Dale who often feel detached from politics.
How quickly can the Government make progress on this legislation so that all young people have an equal chance to make the laws and shape our future, not just those born  into privilege?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we want to see this Bill on the statute book by the end of this Session.
The role of hereditary peers is completely indefensible in this day and age.
Last year, the Bill was resoundingly approved by this House, and it is currently going through the other place, where it will soon be in Committee.
It is a clear manifesto commitment by the Labour party, and I look forward to it being delivered.