My hon.
Friend, as a local government leader during the pandemic, will know how hard things were for communities; sacrifices were made and people risked their lives to keep the rest of us safe.
He will share my anger at those who used the national crisis to steal billions from the taxpayer.
We will take action on that where the last Government failed.
The Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, which was introduced yesterday, will give the Government tough new powers to investigate and recover money stolen from the public and will double the time we have to bring those fraudsters to justice.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
Under this Government, public procurement will be laser focused on delivering our missions and value for money for the taxpayer.
The Procurement Act 2023 will commence in February, creating a simpler, more flexible procurement regime underpinned by a new mission-led national procurement policy statement.
I really welcome the wide interest of hon.
Members from across the House in this work and that of so many small businesses, social enterprises and voluntary sector organisations.
I look forward to bringing forward the NPPS to support small and medium-sized enterprises, tackle waste and deliver on our missions.
I am so pleased to hear about the national procurement policy statement next month.
As well as encouraging buying British, there are huge opportunities to use procurement to encourage growth and local supply chains, such as in floating offshore wind in Cornwall, as well as in other industries.
Will the Minister confirm that there will be a bold procurement policy that will ensure economic growth in every corner of our country, even as far down as Cornwall?
I welcomed the conversation last week with my hon.
Friend, who talked me through the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises to growth in Truro and Falmouth.
A lot of small businesses I have spoken to say the same thing: it can be too complex and slow to bid for Government contracts, sometimes those contracts come out too late and sometimes they cannot get on the playing field.
We have listened very carefully to what my hon.
Friend and others have to say on these issues, and we will bring forward an NPPS that delivers for SMEs.