The Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission have agreed to strengthen the relationship between the EU and the UK, putting it on a more solid, stable footing.
I am taking forward discussions with my EU counterpart, Commissioner Maroš Šefčovič.
In two weeks’ time, the Prime Minister will attend a summit with fellow European leaders on European defence.
Does the Minister agree that the arts, musicians and the wider creative sector play a vital role in our economy, which is why working to negotiate a deal with touring artists is so important?
Will the Minister confirm that this is still a priority for him?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I can confirm that our priority remains ensuring that UK artists can continue to perform and promote themselves around the world.
That is why the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is working collaboratively with the creative sector and across Government to address key issues for our brilliant artists and their support staff touring the EU.
As we set out in our manifesto, we will work with the EU and member states to explore how best to improve those arrangements, but without seeing a return to freedom of movement.
I am frequently contacted by businesses in my constituency who are deeply concerned about the trade barriers put up by the previous Government that are damaging growth in the north-east.
May I urge my right hon.
Friend in the strongest possible terms to prioritise pragmatism in our relations with the EU and to ensure that businesses in my part of the country can get the support they need and export the goods they manufacture?
My hon.
Friend raises a good point.
Of course, we set out in our manifesto that we would not return to the single market, to the customs union or to freedom of movement.
Within that framework, we absolutely take a pragmatic approach, putting the national interest first to tear down trade barriers wherever we can.
The end of this month will mark the anniversary of Brexit.
Will the Minister assure me that we will not return to the appalling divisions of the past, and does he agree that the forthcoming summit and reset negotiations are a vital opportunity to discuss growth, not just for the diverse communities and businesses in my constituency, but for our nation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: this is a time to look to the future, not to go back to the divisions of the past.
The forthcoming EU-UK summit presents significant opportunities to make people in the UK and the EU more secure, safer and more prosperous.
For more than 15 years, the European Union has been in breach of its international treaty obligations to join the European convention on human rights.
What are the Government doing to address the arrogance of the European Union on that issue?
I would say, first, that the Government are committed to our membership of the European convention on human rights, and secondly, that the hon.
Gentleman talks about bodies and organisations not being compliant with international treaties, but one of the big problems with the previous Government was how they signed international treaties and then sought to condemn them when they themselves had put pen to paper.
Maroš Šefčovič is today dangling the prospect of the UK joining the pan-Euro-Mediterranean convention.
Of course, the quiet part is that that would once again turn this country into rule takers, not rule makers.
Ahead  of the summit, can the Paymaster General rule out  the prospect of the UK falling in line with so-called dynamic alignment—in other words, taking EU rules and regulations—and will we instead strike out in the  world and do new deals with America and around the Pacific rim?
I do not accept the binary choice that the hon.
Gentleman presents.
We want to increase trade and export all around the world—that is hugely important.
As the Prime Minister said, we do not choose between allies; we look to deepen all our relationships.
Of course, we welcome the positive and constructive tone from Commissioner Šefčovič.
We are always looking for ways to reduce barriers to trade, but  within our manifesto red lines, because we take a pragmatic view on where the national interest lies.
We do not currently have any plans to join PEM, and we will not provide a running commentary on every comment that is made.