Unbelievably, the Treasury Committee has already raised concerns about the Office for Value for Money, citing issues around its remit, cost, cross-Government duplication and more, which could be expressed concisely as fears around the value for money of Labour’s new Office for Value for Money.
Does the Minister agree with the financial markets, which do not believe this Government’s commitment to reforming public procurement or to prudent financial management, which is why they have added a Reeves ratio to the UK Government’s debt, costing taxpayers an extra £10 billion a year?
Yesterday, the National Audit Office published a report on the almost £50 billion gap in building maintenance.
That is the legacy that the last Government left us: crumbling buildings, 15 years of lost wage growth and stalled productivity.
Compare that with this Government’s record in just the past six months: £63 billion investment at the UK investment summit and leading the way on artificial intelligence.
The International Monetary Fund upgraded our growth to the fastest in Europe.
The Opposition might want to run down this country, but we are determined to grow our economy.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Cabinet Office questions we have set out the Government’s approach on public sector reform, published our response to module 1 of the covid-19 inquiry, updated the national risk register and launched our artificial intelligence opportunities plan.
Just yesterday, alongside the Department for Work and Pensions, we introduced new legislation to deliver the biggest fraud crackdown in a generation, with greater powers for the Cabinet Office’s public sector fraud authority to retrieve some of the money that was lost during the last Administration.
Quite properly, this week the Government have been talking about applying AI to improve efficiency and effectiveness across Whitehall.
When a human civil servant—let us say at His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs or the DWP—makes a mistake and is challenged, they can explain their logic and how they came to the decision.
We know that the courts always believe that computers are best and give the right answer, but AI makes mistakes—sometimes huge ones.
Because of the way it is programmed, it cannot explain how it got to the decision.
How will the Government ensure that the appeal process continues to work and we do not have a high-tech version of the Post Office scandal?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
The public inquiry into the Horizon scandal shows that blind faith in a computer system used in a court of law can lead to injustices.
I do believe in the possibilities of AI, but it is important to keep the human element at all times.
It will enhance human productivity but not replace it.
That is the way we should go.
The Government were elected on a promise to buy, make and sell more in Britain.
What action is the Minister taking to prioritise UK manufacturing and UK-made steel in public procurement for energy and defence products on national security grounds, as is allowed by the World Trade Organisation?