I will keep it short, Mr Speaker: we will ensure that we co-ordinate our response with all parts of the UK.
The Labour-led city council in Norwich was recently awarded £34 million in Government funding to help to unlock affordable homes and jobs at Anglia Square.
This is long overdue, and will bring huge benefit to Norwich.
It is a brilliant example of the Government’s mission for growth as part of our plan for change.
Will  my right hon.
Friend update us on broader cross-Government plans to deliver the affordable housing needed across the country?
My hon.
Friend has been a brilliant champion for more affordable housing in her constituency.
Through our plan for change, we have committed to building 1.5 million homes this Parliament—the biggest increase in affordable housing in a generation, which will benefit families in Norwich and across the country.
I am pleased to hear about the plans at Anglia Square, which are a powerful example of what can be achieved when a Labour council works with a Labour Government.
More than 170 tonnes of illegal meat products have been seized at the port of Dover since 2022.
Given the biosecurity threat posed by African swine fever and foot and mouth disease to more than 800 farms in my constituency, alongside thousands of others up and down the country, what steps is the right hon.
Gentleman taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure national security and protect British agriculture?
I am sure that a statement would be very welcome.
As I said in response to the shadow Minister, we take the threat of foot and mouth in particular very seriously.
We want to work with our farmers and protect them.
This is a matter of national security, but it is also a matter of making sure that Great British farming is not affected by the outbreak in Germany.
Under the SNP, every public service in Scotland is straining under 18 years of mismanagement, with Scots paying more for less.
Thanks to decisions taken by this UK Government, the Scottish Government have the largest budgetary settlement in the history of devolution.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that more money will not solve all the problems with Scottish public services, and that we also need a programme of reform?
Given that the UK Labour Government are instituting a comprehensive programme of reform, would he share those learnings with the Scottish Government in order that we can reform our public services, too?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the increased funding for the devolved Government in Scotland as a result of the Budget.
We are also putting more money into the NHS in England.
He is right to say that when we ask the taxpayer to pay more, that should come with reform.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has been clear about that, and I hope it applies elsewhere too.
The permanent secretary at the Ministry of Defence said recently that he would reduce the number of permanent civil servants at the MOD by 10% by the end of this Parliament.
Will the Cabinet Office be larger or smaller at the end of this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman has perhaps not been paying attention.
We announced our programme to reduce the number of civil servants in the Cabinet Office just before Christmas.
Innovation lies at the heart of our five missions.
I would like to ask the Minister about her reflections on seeing innovation when she visited Milton Keynes recently and how we can take it forward across the country.
It was wonderful to visit Milton Keynes and to see the work of a pioneering Labour council.
The work the Labour council has led to open up services to the NHS is a real example of the shift to community that the Government are committed to.
Milton Keynes shows that when a wonderful MP works with a Labour council and the NHS amazing things can happen.
With impending decisions on airport expansions across the south of England, communities in my constituency, including Flamstead and Markyate, are very worried, not only because the evidence about economic growth is quite low but because the Climate Change Committee has said that the impact on the climate would be rather large.
Can the Minister assure the House that the Government will be listening to the Government’s own advisers and will have a UK-wide capacity management framework before any airport expansion?
There has been a lot of speculation in recent days.
I would advise the whole House to not comment on speculation.
If there is an announcement to be made, it will be made.
Travelling and working abroad can be  an incredibly enriching experience, and I welcome the Government’s steps to strengthen our relationship  with the EU.
My young constituents would like to know specifically what steps are being taken to increase their opportunities in Europe.
What discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues and EU counterparts regarding an EU youth mobility scheme and any other further actions to ease work and travel for young people in Europe?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
We have arrangements with France to make school trips easier.
I think we agree across the House that school trips are an enriching experience.
The Department for Education works with the British Council on the learning assistance scheme, which the Government hugely support and want to drive forward.
With regard to a youth mobility scheme, I am not going to give a running commentary.
What I will say is that we will, of course, always act in the UK’s national interest and that we will not go back to freedom of movement.
How much longer will it be before we get an answer from the Government on the review of the vaccine damage payment scheme?
It was initiated when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tatton (Esther McVey)  was in the Cabinet Office about a year ago.
When will we get an answer?
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care met with colleagues on this issue.
We believe the vaccine programme had great benefits for the UK, but there is a compensation scheme in place for cases where that was not the case.
Earlier this month, the Chancellor rightly went to China to put our UK-China relations on a more pragmatic footing.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what assessment he has made of the National Security and Investment Act 2021 to ensure that it remains fit for purpose in safeguarding the UK’s economic and national security as we cultivate new commercial links?
The Chancellor was right to go to China.
It is an important economic relationship, but there is a security aspect, too.
The National Security and Investment Act has an important role to play; it is there to safeguard critical areas of the economy.
We keep it under regular review, and we will approach the relationship keeping both the security and economic interests of the country in mind.
Two weeks ago, my constituency was hit by the worst snow in 15 years, leaving vulnerable and older residents, schools and GP surgeries blocked in by the snow.
I commend the Barnsley council team, who were out  24 hours a day, eight days a week solid, but because resources are stretched, their gritters can cover only the council’s primary and secondary roads.
Does the Minister agree that much more should be done to improve national resilience in extreme and exceptional circumstances where snow is prolonged by cold temperatures, by giving local authorities that cover rural areas such as mine increased gritting resources and access to snow ploughs?