His legacy of excellence and generosity will continue to inspire

future generations.
At the young age of 50, Malik Todd Murray passed on April 19, 2025.
He was preceded in death by his mother, Linda Diane Gray Murray.
He is

survived by his longtime partner, Elizabeth; his father, Leonard; his

sisters, Kai and Nubia (Brian) Davis; his brother, Kamau (Jennifer),

and a wide circle of friends and family.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Malik

Todd Murray as a testament to the power of hard work, integrity, and a

deep commitment to serving others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEPARTING STAFF MEMBER BENJAMIN HONG STARR

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the incredible

contributions of one of the most dedicated staffers in Congress,

Benjamin Hong Starr.
Ben first came to my office as a Victory Institute fellow, before

joining my staff officially as a staff assistant.
Ben not only excelled

in, but innovated upon, this position--implementing strategies and

policies that continue to this day.
From making constituents feel at

home to battling the rats in the House Office Building basement, Ben

proved there was no challenge he could not face.
Ben's unique abilities, professionalism, and dedication are apparent

to all who across paths him.
Throughout the nearly four years Ben was

in my office he continued to exceed expectations in every role he was

assigned.
As a part of my legislative staff, he continuously found new

ways to address the needs of California's 39th district.
From

spearheading efforts to improve air quality to advancing consumer

protections, Ben consistently demonstrated the same zealous ingenuity

that made even the most complex issues seem solvable.
As Ben moves into his new role with the Congressional Progressive

Caucus, I could not be prouder of the impact he has already made on

behalf of the Inland Empire.
I, and every person whose life Ben has

touched, will be watching as he continues helping to create a better

world.
I congratulate Ben and thank him for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF HELEN DRAMER JARRELL

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

birthday of Helen Dramer Jarrell.
Helen will turn 100 years old on July

3rd.
Helen Dramer Jarrell was born the eighth child of the nine children

Ida Mae and Walter Hubert Waldrop on July 3, 1925.
Helen had two

sisters and six brothers.
On January 16, 1943, Helen married Efton Harrison.
They were blessed

with a baby girl, Helen Diane, on November 20, 1943.
In 1945, Helen and

Efton divorced, and she raised Diane on her own.
On June 10, 1948.
Helen remarried after meeting Jim Jarrell at work at the cotton mill.
They were married for 55 years until Jim passed away in 2003.
Helen has always had a servant's heart.
She cared for her mother

until her passing and worked for many years at the Mary Brandon Nursing

Home in Oxford, Alabama, as a nurse's aide.
Helen has two

grandchildren, six great-grandchildren and eight great-great

grandchildren.
After retiring from the nursing home, Helen helped raise

her great-grandchildren and later helped at the Senior Center until she

retired at 90 years old.
On March 13, 2011, her daughter passed away.
In December, she moved

into the Oxford House Apartments.
She has made many friends in the past

14 years.
She enjoys playing dominoes and exercising.
Helen is a woman

of faith and loves her family deeply.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Helen on this milestone

and wishing her a very happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND HONOR OF SEAMAN ANGELINA PETRA RESENDIZ

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.