We must do more.
We must limit the number of guns that exist in our

country.
We must

ban assault weapons and enact strong background checks with no

loopholes.
We must repeal immunity for firearm manufacturers so

individuals can bring civil actions to hold these companies responsible

for their role in the gun violence epidemic.
We must provide funding

for programs with demonstrated success in reducing gun violence.
During my time in Congress, I have worked diligently to pass

legislation that will effectively regulate firearms and reduce gun

violence.
I lead the Ammo Identification Act and the Gun Violence

Prevention and Safe Communities Act.
These bills aim to reduce gun

violence by requiring serial numbers to be engraved on ammunition to

improve and creating guaranteed funding for gun violence prevention

programs by increasing the excise tax on firearms and ammunition.
Gun violence is a public health crisis, and our federal government

must lead the effort to enact effective gun violence prevention

legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASTOR ALTON BRIDGES FOR 25 YEARS OF PASTORAL SERVICE

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

remarkable dedication and 25 years of pastoral service of Pastor Alton

Bridges of Park Manor M.B. Church, located at 8328 S. Green St.,

Chicago, Illinois.
Born in Chicago on July 23, 1964, Pastor Bridges is a true native of

our great city.
He received his foundational education at Chicago

Vocational School before earning a Bachelor of Arts in Electrical

Engineering from DeVry Institute of Technology.
Pastor Bridges has been an integral part of the church community his

entire life, ultimately answering a call to ministry.
Before his pastoral journey, he held a supervisory position at a

company then known as Eleck Tech.
For a quarter of a century, Pastor Bridges has faithfully served his

congregation and the wider community.
His commitment extends far beyond

the walls of his church.
Annually, he provides crucial food services to

the greater Auburn-Gresham, South Shore, and Ashburn Wright

communities.
He actively partners with local grammar schools, assisting

families in need by garnering donations to provide them with clothing,

funding, and food.
In 2020, Pastor Bridges initiated a ``Garden of Church,'' offering

fresh vegetation to anyone in need--a testament to his innovative

approach to community support.
He actively collaborates with

neighborhood stakeholders and is a vital part of the ``1st Ladies of

Initiatives.''
His generosity also reaches beyond Chicago, as he consistently

donates to national relief efforts, exemplified by his fundraising for

families impacted by the California fires.
Furthermore, he makes annual

donations to support college-bound students, investing in the next

generation.
Pastor Bridges is a devoted family man, supported by his wife,

Phyllis Bridges, and their children, Symone, Markeeta, and Phillip.
Pastor Alton Bridges's unwavering commitment to his faith, his

congregation, and the well-being of the Chicago community is truly

commendable.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring

his 25 years of profound pastoral service and his enduring impact on

the lives of countless individuals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND DR.
TELLIS JEROME CHAPMAN

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th

Anniversary of Reverend Dr. Tellis Jerome Chapman, a truly dynamic

individual and devoted Baptist Minister in the Greater Metropolitan

Detroit area.