Title: CONGRATULATING DR.
BETH HALDEMAN ON HER RETIREMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
108

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DR.
BETH HALDEMAN ON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor and congratulate Dr.

Beth Haldeman on her retirement after 25 years with Cocalico School

District.
Dr. Beth Haldeman's history with Cocalico School District, located in

northern Lancaster County, began in 2000 as the reading specialist and

principal at the former Schoeneck Elementary School.
She served in a

similar capacity when she became principal of Denver Elementary in 2002

and then principal at Reamstown Elementary in 2008.
In 2019, Dr.

Haldeman joined the district administration as assistant superintendent

for curriculum and instruction.
In this crucial and wide-ranging role,

she oversaw state and local assessments, library services, professional

development, special services, and academic supports.
Though she will be greatly missed by the Cocalico School District,

Dr. Haldeman's experience and contributions to education will be

utilized in her new role as the director of professional development

for the Pennsylvania Principals Association, where she will be training

future principals across Pennsylvania.
Dr. Beth Haldeman's contributions to the Cocalico School District

have left a lasting impact on both the school district and

Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional District, which has no shortage of

selfless educators.
I thank Dr. Haldeman for her service and wish her all the best in her

new career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, June is Gun Violence Awareness

Month, a time to raise awareness about gun violence and its devastating

impact on our citizens and Nation.
It is a time to honor the lives of

those tragically taken due to gun violence, to recognize that gun

violence inflicts trauma and tragedy on individuals, families, and

communities, and to advance effective gun violence prevention efforts.
In 2023, there were nearly 47,000 firearm-related deaths, which is

approximately 128 people dying due to firearms every day.
In 2024, more

than 500 mass shootings occurred--more than one a day.
Gun violence is

the leading cause of death of children and teens.
Yet the Trump

Administration pushes action after action to make Americans more likely

to suffer gun violence.
President Trump effectively legalized machine guns, rescinded

millions of dollars in grants for gun violence reduction, eliminated

gun violence data, and revoked the zero-tolerance policy that was a

powerful tool for combatting gun trafficking and straw purchases.
Further, the Republican budget bill would eliminate the gun silencer

tax on the purchase or transfer of silencers and eliminate silence

registrations.
The Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans

seek to undo decades of progress reducing gun violence.
It is

imperative that we continue to fight for the right for our youth to

live in a society where they do not have to worry constantly about gun

violence.
Illinois and the City of Chicago have made great progress in

implementing programs that reduce gun violence.
Three years ago,

Illinois created the Office of Firearm Violence Prevention which is

responsible for awarding grants to organizations rooted in helping

reduce gun violence, including the Chicago-based Peacekeepers Program.
The Peacekeepers Program currently serves around 30 communities.
In the

communities that the Peacekeepers served, there was a 31 percent

reduction in gun violence in 2023 and 2024 compared to the previous two

years.
Illinois and the City of Chicago can implement strict gun

regulations and fund programs that reduce gun violence, but if

neighboring states like Indiana and Wisconsin keep weak restrictions in

place, then almost anyone can cross those state borders and acquire a

gun.
We must do more.
We must limit the number of guns that exist in our

country.
We must

ban assault weapons and enact strong background checks with no

loopholes.