TELLIS JEROME CHAPMAN

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th

Anniversary of Reverend Dr. Tellis Jerome Chapman, a truly dynamic

individual and devoted Baptist Minister in the Greater Metropolitan

Detroit area.
I include in the Record the following Proclamation:

Whereas for 40 years, Reverend Dr. Tellis Jerome Chapman

has been a faithful and dedicated servant of God serving as

Pastor of Galilee Missionary Baptist Church, and is to be

commended for his steadfast Christian leadership over the

years;

Whereas, under the direction of the Holy Spirit, Reverend

Tellis Jerome Chapman was installed as Pastor of Galilee

Missionary Baptist Church in 1985 and throughout this time,

has fervently embraced the visions of the dynamic

trailblazers that preceded him as leaders of this great

church over the past 80 plus years;

Whereas, his outreach is not limited to Galilee Missionary

Baptist Church, but he also serves the community on a city,

county, state, national and international level and is

affectionately known as a ``Preaching Machine'';

Whereas, this dynamic and humble man has demonstrated

excellence in his calling as a ``Man of God'' and for that

reason, the 1st Congressional District of Illinois joins

Galilee Missionary Baptist Church Parishioners in thanking

him for all that he has done over the past 40 years, and look

forward to his continued spiritual guidance for many years to

come;

Resolved, that I, Jonathan Jackson, Representative of the

1st Congressional District in Illinois, hereby honor the 40th

Pastoral Anniversary of Reverend Dr. Tellis Jerome Chapman, I

ask that my colleagues stand today to celebrate the great

achievement of 40 years of servitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STEVE MARANS, MSW, PhD, ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with my profound gratitude and deep

admiration that I rise today to pay tribute to my good friend, Dr.

Steven Marans, as he celebrates his retirement from a distinguished

career is psychiatry including more than four decades of extraordinary

leadership and service at the Yale Child Study Center and in the field

of child trauma.
We know that trauma affects the human mind in a multitude of ways and

there is no predicting how one might process a traumatic event--the

number of different reactions as numerous as there are individuals.
This is particularly true for children, all too often too young to

fully understand the violence, stress, or trauma they may be

experiencing.
There are few, not only in this country but in this

world, that understand that better than Dr. Steven Marans.
Some of my first real interactions and discussions with Dr. Marans

came when he founded the Child Development-Community Policing Program.
This pioneering effort was based on the collaboration of mental health

and law enforcement professionals in responding to children and

families exposed to violence and trauma.
He found a better way to help

children and their families in their darkest hours.
It is a program

that I was proud to secure federal funding for and one that has since

been replicated in communities both here in the United States and

abroad.
Dr. Marans went on to become the Director of the Yale Child

Study Center as well as the cofounder of the Child and Family Traumatic

Stress Intervention, an evidence-based, early intervention that has

been disseminated nationally and internationally, improving outcomes

for countless children and families.
Over the course of our careers, I have often sought his counsel,

turning to him for advice and as a resource when our communities and

our Nation faced traumatic events.
From the attacks on 9/11 to the

Sandy Hook shooting; from the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic to the

forced separation of families, Dr. Marans has only ever been a phone

call away, and he has never not answered the call.