She emphasizes that serving the Lord is

the core value guiding her life.
She is a true community worker, participant, and activist, known for

organizing a multitude of events.
Her leadership and keen ability to

identify needs and act upon them are truly remarkable.
Ms. Avent has been a lifelong supporter of Operation PUSH, officially

becoming a member in March 2025.
Her commitment to civil rights and

community empowerment is unwavering.
Among her major milestones, she

fondly recalls meeting the late Mayor Richard Daley, and the esteemed

Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr.
and Mrs. Jacqueline Jackson.
Her journey through 85 years has been marked by both illnesses and

losses, yet through it all, ``the joy of the Lord has been her

strength.''
She is incredibly proud of her dutiful son, Caesar, an MBA

graduate, who she credits as a true blessing in her life.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating a

remarkable individual whose life exemplifies resilience, service, and

profound love for humanity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MALIK TODD MURRAY

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

remarkable life and profound contributions of Malik Todd Murray, a man

who embodied the spirit of lifelong learning, athletic excellence,

financial acumen, activism, mentorship and generous philanthropy rooted

in faith.
His life, marked by exceptional dignity, humility, and class,

serves as an inspiration to us all.
Born in Chicago on September 16, 1974, Malik was the firstborn son of

Cook County Circuit Court Judge Leonard Murray and the late Linda Diane

Gray Murray.
His mother, Linda, dedicated her career to education,

serving as an assistant principal at Hyde Park Academy following a

distinguished tenure as an award-winning history, sociology and

psychology teacher.
Growing up in Chicago's South Shore community, Malik's early

education at St. Philip Neri Elementary School saw him excel both as an

altar boy and a straight-A student.
His passion for basketball ignited at the South Shore YMCA Youth

Basketball Program under the guidance of his father, his first coach.
This early dedication paved the way for his admission to St. Ignatius

College Prep where he graduated as the salutorian of his class.
At St. Ignatius College Prep, Malik's athletic talent shone brightly.
In 1992, his leadership propelled the boys' basketball team to its

first Regional Championship in two decades.
That same year, he was

named at the Chicago All Area Team, Chicago Catholic League Player of

the Year, three-time Chicago Sun-Times Player of the Week and Chicago

Tribune Athlete of the Week.
His commitment to excellence in both academics and athletics earned

him a four-year basketball scholarship to DePaul University, where he

played under Coach Joey Meyer.
Malik secured an internship at the

Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and then graduated from DePaul's Driehaus

College of Business.
Malik spent 8 years at Bank One Brokerage and

ultimately lead the European shift for international exchange traded

products.
Malik went on to further his education through obtaining an

MBA in finance from DePaul's Kellstadt Graduate School of Business in

2004.
In December of 2004, Malik transitioned to Ariel Investments, where

his talent and dedication led to a distinguished career culminating in

his role as Senior Vice President, Head of Business Development,

Institutional Marketing.
Throughout his career, Malik demonstrated a deep commitment to

community engagement, serving on the boards of the Chicagoland Chamber

of Commerce, DePaul University and St. Ignatius College Prep, where he

established scholarships and funds to promote diversity and inclusion.
He also held leadership positions with the National Association of

Securities Professionals (NASP) and contributed to the Ariel Community

Academy school board.
His legacy of excellence and generosity will continue to inspire

future generations.
At the young age of 50, Malik Todd Murray passed on April 19, 2025.
He was preceded in death by his mother, Linda Diane Gray Murray.