As director of the Zimmerman Law Library, Susan has worked tirelessly

to make certain that the library supports the school's mission of

providing the highest quality of service to the law faculty and its

students.
This includes overseeing services to all library patrons,

making sure the necessary books and electronic resources are available

and accessible, and providing reference service seven days a week with

a librarian who holds a Master's in library science and a law degree.
Susan has helped train the minds of the law school's best and

brightest students.
Graduates have gone on to lead successful lives

serving their communities as attorneys, judicial clerks, members of

distinguished law firms, legal counsel in state and federal agencies,

and on my Congressional staff.
Her work has been critical to the law

school's growing reputation, as the University of Dayton School of Law

is tied for third among Ohio's nine law schools according to the most

recent U.S. News & World Report rankings.
For nearly 20 years, Susan has served as a reader for the Dayton

Literary Peace Prize, evaluating nonfiction books submitted for

consideration by the judges for the award.
Inspired by the 1995 Dayton

Peace Accords that ended the Bosnian War, the Dayton Literary Peace

Prize is the only literary award in the United States that recognizes

authors who utilize the power of the written word to promote peace,

In recognition of Susan's longstanding service and contributions to

the legal profession, an endowment was created in her name to recruit

legal scholars to write for the University of Dayton Law Review, as

well as to support the law review in perpetuity.
Susan Newhart Elliott exemplifies all of the best qualities of a

teacher, a scholar, and a public servant.
She is a credit to her

profession, and is loved and admired by her students, her colleagues,

and her friends.
I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking this truly

outstanding citizen for her three decades of service to the University

of Dayton School of Law.
I wish her a happy, healthy, and productive

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE GOLDEN CELEBRATION FOR LOUELLA AVENT'S 85TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an

extraordinary woman, Ms. Louella Avent, as she celebrates her 85th

birthday.
Though her official birthday was May 13, 1940, we joyously

mark this milestone with a celebration on Saturday, June 7, at the Rose

Room.
Born in Oxford, Mississippi, Ms. Avent was raised by dedicated

farmers.
For the past 65 years, Chicago has been her cherished second

home.
A lifelong learner, she graduated high school and continued her

education at Loop College, now Harold Washington College.
Her

commitment to education continues even now as she embraces ``senior

life.''
Ms. Avent`s professional life includes dedicated service to the City

of Chicago and, most recently, as a greeter at Mark Realty.
She's also

certified by the Chicago Greater Food Depository and proudly identifies

as a chef by trade.
Throughout her career, she has had the honor of meeting numerous

political figures, a testament to her widespread connections and

impact.
For Ms. Avent, the proudest moments in her workplace have

always revolved around ``just being able to help people.''
Her guiding

principle, ``If I can help somebody along the way, then my living will

not be in vain,'' perfectly encapsulates her loving and serving spirit.
Her dedication extends far beyond her professional roles.
Ms. Avent

is a profound woman of faith, having transitioned from Baptist to

Pentecostal about 62 years ago.
She emphasizes that serving the Lord is

the core value guiding her life.
She is a true community worker, participant, and activist, known for

organizing a multitude of events.
Her leadership and keen ability to

identify needs and act upon them are truly remarkable.