Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Helen on this milestone

and wishing her a very happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND HONOR OF SEAMAN ANGELINA PETRA RESENDIZ

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart

that I rise today to speak on the tragic and untimely passing of Seaman

Angelina Petra Resendiz.
I wish to honor her for her invaluable service

to our great country.
Seaman Resendiz displayed the highest levels of duty and courage in

the line of duty.
Her service is representative of the many brave men

and women who volunteer to serve their country.
This exemplary young woman enlisted in August 2023 as a culinary

specialist in the United States Navy.
During this time, she performed

her duties admirably and to the best of her abilities.
Unfortunately, Seaman Resendiz was unable to finish her service to

our country due to her tragic passing.
Nobody should ever be targeted

or harmed by their peers or superiors.
We owe an enormous debt to our

brave service members, and the least we, as Members of Congress, can do

is ensure that they are protected regardless of gender, ethnicity, or

where they are stationed.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful Nation, I wish to honor Seaman

Resendiz for her service and sacrifice.
She was taken from us too soon

and I stand in solidarity with her family and so many others in their

pursuit of justice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING BARBARA NEELY

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Memphis' Interstate

Bar-B-Que co-founder Barbara Neely who passed on June 16 at the age of

86.
Mrs. Neely started the barbecue restaurant empire in 1979 with her

husband, Jim, and was its public face, greeting customers from the

front counter while her husband worked the pits in the kitchen.
For 45

years, she would arrive at the restaurant at 5 a.m. every morning.
The

restaurant they founded became a Memphis institution and a tourist

attraction, especially after Jim's nephew, Patrick, starred in the Food

Network reality cooking show ``Down Home with the Neelys,'' which ran

from 2008 to 2014.
Born Barbara Jean Frison, Barbara went to Manassas

High School then relocated to New Orleans, where she met Jim, an Air

Force veteran who left Memphis after high school.
The first Interstate

was founded the year they were married on Christmas Day, 1979, in Las

Vegas.
There are now Neely's restaurants at the original South Third

Street location, on Winchester Road in Memphis, on Stateline Road in

Southaven, Mississippi and a Memphis-style barbecue restaurant, Jay

Bee's, in Gardena, California.
Mrs. Neely put Memphis moist pit

barbecue and chopped pork sandwiches on the map.
I extend my

condolences to her husband, Jim, her extended family, and her many

devoted customers.
Hers was a life well-lived.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE WINTER 2024 PUBLIC SERVICE REVIEW

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my

colleagues and all Americans to read the recently published Winter 2024

edition of Public Service Review.
The Review is a quarterly publication of the Stennis Center for

Public Service.
The Stennis Center is a federal, bipartisan legislative

branch agency established by the United States Congress to promote

public service and strengthen the highest ideals of public service in

America.
Established in 1988 in honor of the late Senator John C.

Stennis of Mississippi, the Stennis Center provides a variety of public

service programs and development opportunities for young people,

leaders in local, state, and federal government, and congressional

staff.
In addition to its Starkville, Mississippi, headquarters, the

Center also has a Washington, D.C. office on Capitol Hill.