Dr. Marans went on to become the Director of the Yale Child

Study Center as well as the cofounder of the Child and Family Traumatic

Stress Intervention, an evidence-based, early intervention that has

been disseminated nationally and internationally, improving outcomes

for countless children and families.
Over the course of our careers, I have often sought his counsel,

turning to him for advice and as a resource when our communities and

our Nation faced traumatic events.
From the attacks on 9/11 to the

Sandy Hook shooting; from the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic to the

forced separation of families, Dr. Marans has only ever been a phone

call away, and he has never not answered the call.
I am not the only

policymaker or community leader to have benefitted from his expertise

and knowledge.
Indeed, in addition to all of his work, Dr. Marans has

also dedicated countless hours as a professor, a mentor, and advocate,

educating not only new generations of mental health professionals, but

also those in government, the private sector and academia.
I, like so

many others, consider myself fortunate to have been able to learn from

him, and even more so that I can call him a friend.
Dr. Marans has dedicated his professional career and much of his

personal life to researching and developing innovative approaches to

interventions and treatments that

best meet the needs of children.
His work has impacted the lives of

countless souls and he has been an invaluable resource to communities

across this country and throughout the globe.
His work has changed the

way we as psychiatrists, as communities, as policy and decision makers,

and as a society, view and address child trauma.
It is a remarkable

legacy that leaves an indelible mark.
Today, as he marks the end of his career at the Yale Child Study

Center, I extend my deepest thanks and heartfelt appreciation to Dr.

Steven Marans for his many years of friendship and support as well as

my very best wishes in whatever pursuits he takes on.
I have no doubt

that he will continue to make a difference.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUSAN NEWHART ELLIOTT FOR HER SERVICE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF

DAYTON SCHOOL OF LAW

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER of Ohio.
Mr. Speaker, I want to honor a distinguished

scholar from my Congressional district who is retiring after 31 years

of service at the University of Dayton School of Law.
Susan Newhart Elliott has served as a professor at the School of Law

since 1994, is Director of the Zimmerman Law Library, and also serves

as the University of Dayton Law Review faculty advisor.
Susan earned

her law degree from the University of Dayton in 1987, and was the law

review's Managing Editor while she was a student.
She has taught

numerous classes in addition to serving as an Assistant Dean.
Susan also holds a Bachelor's and a Master's degree from Miami

University, as well as a Master's in Library and Information Science

from Kent State University.
After receiving her law degree, Susan clerked for Judge Walter Rice

of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio for two

years before joining the law firm Coolidge, Wall, Womsley & Lombard,

where she concentrated in complex litigation.
She has also been an

English instructor at Miami University, Xavier University, and Wright

State University.
As director of the Zimmerman Law Library, Susan has worked tirelessly

to make certain that the library supports the school's mission of

providing the highest quality of service to the law faculty and its

students.
This includes overseeing services to all library patrons,

making sure the necessary books and electronic resources are available

and accessible, and providing reference service seven days a week with

a librarian who holds a Master's in library science and a law degree.
Susan has helped train the minds of the law school's best and

brightest students.