Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am pleased to speak on the importance of Hispanic Heritage Month (HHM).
American society today embraces a remarkable breadth of cultures, and Hispanics are an integral part of this diversity.
The Hispanic American community is a beautiful array of distinct groups, including people with roots in Central and South America, including our neighbors in Mexico and the Caribbean, and Spain.
In 1968, President Lyndon Johnson designated a National Hispanic Heritage Week because of the growing impact of the Latin American culture in shaping the Nation and society.
The week was expanded in 1988 to a 31-day period by President Reagan to provide all Americans the opportunity to participate and commemorate the important contributions of the Hispanic culture to mainstream America.
Today in communities across the Nation millions of American families come together to celebrate in this facet of American culture and participate in traditional comidas and fiestas.
There are over 63.7 million Hispanics living in the U.S. and Hispanics continue to be the fastest growing ethnic group.
In Harris County, Texas there are 43.1 percent Hispanic, approximately 2.02 million people.
In 2022, 44.5 percent of the Houston population identified as Hispanic or Latino in the Census.
Not only is this a month to celebrate Hispanic culture and traditions, but it is also a time to reunite and celebrate the importance of keeping traditions alive through family gatherings and fiestas.
Yet, in the time we currently live in many families are separated from one another.
While we must acknowledge the challenges at our border, we should never forget that behind the statistics given to us are real families, real children, and real people in desperate need.
One of my own staffers, Amy Arceo, had her grandmother rejected USA entry and banned for 10 years due to crossing the border from Mexico, when all she wanted to do was to see her family and return home.
After those 10 long years and an additional 3 years to work her way through our immigration system, her grandmother Ma.
Esperanza Bugarin was finally able to receive her papers to re-enter the USA.
Her family has been reunited after 13 long years of being separated from one another, the ban having forced her to miss many important family events.
During this month, let us reaffirm our commitment to promoting diversity, equity, inclusion, and most importantly unity.
It is essential that we continue working together to break down barriers and ensure that all Americans, regardless of their background, have equal access to opportunities and the chance to achieve their dreams.
On behalf of my constituents and in my duties as a U.S.