Dear Friend, Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 1--better known as the ``One Big Beautiful Bill''--a historic piece of legislation that will: Keep taxes low for working Americans.
Strengthen border security.
Rebuild our military.
Drive American energy independence.
Protect entitlement programs so the Americans who need them have them.
This bill is key to fulfilling the America First agenda.
Below, you will find some of the most important components of the One Big Beautiful Bill that will make a difference in our mountain communities.
Providing tax relief for workers and families Provides a $5,000 tax cut for the average American family.
Eliminates taxes on tips, overtime, and car loan interest for cars made in the U.S. $4,000 tax deduction for seniors.
Increases the child tax credit to $2,500 per American family through 2028.
Making tax dollars work for the American people Strengthens Medicaid by preventing illegal aliens and folks who can, but refuse to, work from unlawfully collecting benefits.
Roots out waste, fraud, and abuse from Medicaid by removing deceased individuals from the program.
Reverses the Biden-era mandate that allowed Medicaid to cover ``gender transition'' procedures for minors.
Reversing green energy radicalism Eliminates hundreds of billions of dollars in Green New Deal tax credits.
Repeals the Biden administration's electric vehicle mandates.
Drives American energy independence by opening federal lands and waters to oil, gas, coal, geothermal, and mineral leasing.
Streamlines onerous permitting processes so America can build again.
Refills the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, reducing our reliance on foreign oil and strengthening our national security.
Securing our borders Authorizes $46 billion to complete construction of the border wall.
Hires 10,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel, 5,000 new Customs officers, and 3,000 new Border Patrol agents with the goal of deporting at least 1 million illegal immigrants every year.
Bolsters the Department of Homeland Security efforts to secure our borders.
Ensuring the U.S. military remains the strongest fighting force in the world Ensures critical investments to rebuild our military, improve quality of life for service members, bolster munitions production, and modernize our nuclear arsenal.
Launches President Trump's Golden Dome initiative to ensure the homeland is protected from modern and advanced threats.
This bill will restore American greatness and improve the lives of Americans nationwide--from the mountains of Western North Caro]ina to the coastlines.
The American people are ready for our Golden Age.
Now, it's time for the Senate to act.
With my warmest regards, Chuck Edwards, Member.