many of which have shared fond memories during their time together.
About 10 years ago, a former student accidentally bumped into Ancin and asked for a picture.
He intended to share it with his friends in Los Angeles who all went to the same elementary school.
Another student, who is now a proud retired registered nurse, shared her experiences with Ancin.
She shares that when she was in 3rd grade, Ancin had a patient and nurturing demeanor that made learning fun and easy.
She was also the pioneer for many of these students ``firsts''--first person to introduce students to the Scholastic Book Club, fostering the love of reading classics; first person to take them on a field trip to Fena Dam/Lake; etc.
Another fond memory a student shared was the performance during the Christmas Pageant, where everyone dressed as angels with tinsel halos and wings and sang to their hearts content.
She was also noted to have the best dresses.
Moreso, she was best remembered in awe for her strength and passion where it was considered progressive at the time.
Her influence reached beyond her students started many of the traditions that her family has come to love.
Her daughter recalls one specific tradition of setting up and reciting the Nobena Nino every year on the front porch.
The Nativity they used was given to Ancin by her mom and is now with her grandniece Norene Reyes Aldridge.
Her children and her grandchildren credit Ancin for their love of dancing and for the recipe for the best homemade flour titiyas served during large celebrations.
Although she was the oldest, only she and her youngest sibling Maria Tanaka Diaz Nauta remain.
She has survived all three of her sons yet remains loving and faithful.
Her eyes and smile speak genuinely when she bids goodbye with a ``Thank you, God bless you.''
Ancin attributes her longevity to two things: physical activity, and interaction with others, especially with the youth.
Two wonderful lessons I think we can all take away from such a life well-lived centered on family and intentionally finding gratitude in every day.