JUNE 25 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department.
SD-138 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress.
SD-538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 233, to amend the Office 2006 to modify the authority of the Office of National Drug Control Policy with respect to the World AntiDoping Agency, S. 254, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and marine mammal ivory products, S. 434, to establish the Commercial Space Activity Advisory Committee, S. 836, to amend the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to strengthen protections relating to the online collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of children and teens, S. 1872, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study on the feasibility of manufacturing in the United States products for critical infrastructure sectors, and the nominations of Bryan Bedford, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Usha-Maria Turner, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and David Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2030.
SD-562 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Susan Monarez, of Wisconsin, to be Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services.
SD-430 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SH-216 2 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on advancing the Armenia-Azerbaijan peace deal.
2212-RHOB 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations To hold hearings to examine the President's special message of June 3, 2025.
SD-106 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support To hold hearings to examine matters within the jurisdiction of the Assistant Secretaries for Energy, Installation, and Environment in support of the Fiscal Year 2026 National Defense Authorization Act.
SR-232A Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Federal Courts, Oversight, Agency Action, and Federal Rights To hold hearings to examine China and lawfare against American energy dominance.
SD-226 3 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John Dever, of Illinois, to be General Counsel, and George Wesley Street, of Virginia, to be Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center, both of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Matthew Kozma, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary SH-216 3:30 p.m.
Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine how sports medicine can improve health outcomes for seniors.
SD-G50 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine correcting mismanagement of the veterans crisis line.
SR-418