Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions of Richard Stein, a leading advocate and partner for the arts and arts education across Orange County, California.
Richard, who recently stepped down as the President and CEO of Arts Orange County, led the organization for more than 14 years.
Under his leadership, Arts Orange County addressed the needs of the arts and culture community in Orange County as a trailblazer among nonprofit arts councils worldwide--augmenting traditional arts agency programs and services with its unique role as the community's go-to arts consultant to government, education, and nonprofit organizations.
This has helped enable Arts Orange County, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary, to become a leading advocate for the arts and arts education on the local, state, and national level.
Richard's stewardship also led Arts Orange County to become a strong supporter of the Congressional Arts Competition, providing funds for winning artists to travel to Washington, D.C. to see their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol.
Prior to his appointment at Arts Orange County in August 2008, Rick transformed the Laguna Playhouse in Laguna Beach into a major resident professional theatre over the course of more than 17 years as its Executive Director, growing its annual budget of $700,000 to $7 million and producing more than 100 plays, including two national touring productions.
He also directed many notable productions at this venue, including several premieres.
Rick first came to Orange County in 1987, to serve as Managing Director of the Grove Shakespeare Festival in Garden Grove following a five-year stint as Director of Lincoln Theater at Connecticut's University.
Before that, he held management positions with two major symphony orchestras.
Rick holds degrees in English from Columbia and Syracuse Universities and returned to Columbia for postgraduate study in drama on a National Endowment for the Humanities summer fellowship.
He was sent to Korea on a cultural exchange by the International Theatre Institute-US, served on the executive committee of the League of Resident Theatres, and was a contributing writer to AMERICAN THEATRE magazine.
Rick is a former Chair of the John Wayne Airport Arts Commission, past President of the Association of Fund Raising Professionals-Orange County Chapter, and twice former Co-Chair of National Philanthropy DayOrange County.
From 2009 to 2022, he served on the board of Californians for the Arts/California Arts Advocates, a statewide organization promoting the interests of the arts community, including three years as its President.
Demonstrating his commitment to fostering an appreciation of the arts in the next generation, Richard has been a guest lecturer at University of California, Irvine and California State University, Fullerton, and was a commencement keynote speaker for the Laguna College of Art and Design.
He has served as a panelist or site visitor for the National Endowment for the Arts, California Arts Council, Western States Arts Federation, Los Angeles County Arts Commission, City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs, City of San Diego Commission for Arts and Culture, Riverside Arts Council, New England Foundation for the Arts, Louisville Fund for the Arts, City of Pasadena, and the Connecticut Commission on the Arts, for which he also produced its State Arts Awards.
Although his career has largely been in the theatre, Rick's first post after finishing graduate school was as Executive Director of a local arts agency, Oswego County Council on the Arts, located in Fulton, New York.
In fact, the theatre company Richard co-founded in 1977, Contemporary Theatre of Syracuse, continues operation today as The Red House, a highly successful producer of multi-disciplinary arts.
He is a 33-year resident of San Juan Capistrano with his wife, Alison, an artist.
I call on my colleagues to join me in celebrating Richard Stein's leadership and stewardship of the arts in Orange County and thank him for helping bring arts and culture to our community and country.