his heroic actions as a helicopter pilot fighting in some of the bloodiest battles with the 1st Air Cavalry Division including the TET Offensive and the City of Hue, Khe Sahn, and the invasion of the A'Shau Valley, the U.S. Army recognized Bill for his honorable service with a Silver Star (one of the highest honors to be bestowed upon a combat veteran) the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Bronze Star (1st OLC), the Purple Heart, the Air Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal w/DVC 60, Vietnam Cross of Gallantry w/PALM, Senior Army Aviation Badge, Army Aviator Badge, Armed Forces Reservice Medal, Good Conduct Medal, Vietnam Civil Actions Medal (Unit Citation), Valorous Unit Citation and the Meritorious Service Medal.
Bill was the true definition of a warrior and retired from military service with the rank of Major after 22 years, 5 months and 5 days from Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
Bill married Jackie Mae Riddle on July 22, 1967 at Fort Rucker, Alabama, and together they raised two children, Robert and Tracey.
After his retirement from military service Bill joined Defender Industries in Columbia, SC and was promoted to the Senior Operations Officer of the southwestern territory which included Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico.
During that time he moved his family to Ft. Worth and eventually Edgecliff Village where he resided until his passing.
Bill was an avid golfer and served two terms as an Alderman on the Edgecliff Village City Council.
Bill is survived by his wife Jackie Mae Luther of Fort Worth, TX.; his daughter, Tracey Scancella and husband, Jimmy Aguirre; his son, Robert S. Luther and wife, Debra M. Luther, as well as five grandchildren, Jonathan Scancella, Joseph Scancella, Bradley W. Luther, Kristina K. Luther, Kelli M. Luther and one great grandchild, Theadore W. Luther; his brother, Kirk F. Luther and wife Kathy A. Luther along with 2 nephews, Aaron K. Luther and Nicholas C. Luther and two great nephews, Jonah Luther and Elijah Luther.
William will be laid to rest with full military honors at Dallas Ft. Worth Veterans National Cemetery on June 20, 2024 at 11:00 am.
Remembrances can be made by visiting Wounded Warrior Project at support.woundedwarriorproject.org.