Mr. SMITH.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and distinct pleasure to offer a few words in recognition of the impending retirement of Lieutenant General John P. Sullivan, a fellow graduate of Fordham University, after 37 years of faithful and dedicated service to our Nation.
Lieutenant General Sullivan, most recently the 17th Deputy Commander of the United States Transportation Command, will officially retire from active duty in the United States Army on 1 September 2024.
A native son of Massachusetts, and a decorated combat veteran who served and led our Nation's finest in combat during Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm, Joint Forge, Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom, General Sullivan epitomizes the consummate soldier, servant leader, and advocate for our servicemembers and their families.
Over the course of his exceptional career, he has successfully led at the tactical, operational, and strategic level to defend this Nation, decisively win our battles, and advance our most critical national objectives.
Whether at the head of the 548th Corps Support Battalion and the 595th Transportation Brigade, as the 27th Chief of Transportation and Commandant of the U.S. Army Transportation School, as the Commander of the 19th Expeditionary Sustainment Command stationed in the Republic of Korea, as the Commander of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command stationed in the United States Central Command theater, or as the Deputy Commander of U.S. Transportation Command, General Sullivan unquestionably exemplified the best the Army has to offer in its officer corps.
While at U.S. Transportation Command, General Sullivan personally endeavored to inform this Congress of the readiness of strategic mobility forces critical to deploying, maneuvering, sustaining, and redeploying the most capable military in our Nation's history.
More importantly, he ensured that the Joint Staff, Department of Defense, and this Congress were aligned in understanding the criticality of recapitalizing our aging strategic sealift fleets, aerial refueling assets, and strategic airlift fleets to sustain our competitive advantage over potential near-peer adversaries in global power projection.
In close partnership with the National Defense Transportation Association, General Sullivan worked diligently to enhance our national emergency preparedness programs so that the Defense Transportation System remained ready and responsive to emergent national security needs.
We all witnessed the power of these essential relationships and capabilities in 2021, when U.S. Transportation Command helped execute the largest noncombatant evacuation operation in history, Operation Allies Refuge, relocating over 124,000 refugees over a 14-day period.
In his address to Congress in 1951, General Douglas MacArthur noted that ``old soldiers never die--they just fade away.''
Mr. Speaker, I could not in good conscience let Lieutenant General John P. Sullivan simply fade away