Tourism is very important to Burnham-on-Sea, Berrow and Brean in my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State reassure business owners in those towns and villages that her Government have no plans to introduce a tourism tax?
We have no plans to introduce additional taxes.
I want to get 50 million international visitors coming to the UK, because our tourism industry is an important part of what we do well in this country.
That is why I will be hosting the first visitor economy advisory council on Monday morning.
A tourism levy in York could raise £125,000 through a voluntary scheme, but if there were a comprehensive scheme, £1.7 million could go to my local community.
Will the Minister not consider such a scheme so that we can raise that revenue for York?
Attacked on both sides in different ways—pushmi-pullyu, I think it was—but my hon.
Friend makes a good point.
There is of course provision for local mayors and local authorities to be able to introduce similar measures on a voluntary basis, as has already happened in Manchester.
I think we in this House can all agree that the premier league is the world’s most successful league.
It has grown up under self-regulation, but there are now proposals to regulate it.
The premier league transmits soft power across the world and raises huge amounts of revenue for the Government.
Given the damage that the Financial Services and Markets Act has done to the London stock exchange and other markets, will the Government take responsibility if football declines after they introduce football regulation?
Football is an ecosystem, and we work very closely with the Premier League.
As a crown jewel of British exports, it brings joy to millions of people all over the world, but the fact is that far too many football clubs are currently unsustainable, suffering from poor ownership and poor financial flow.
The Football  Governance Bill was in our manifesto and those of Opposition parties, and we will not be blocked by unelected peers from enacting what was a manifesto commitment and making good on that promise for football fans.
Kirkcaldy Community Football Partnership does an amazing job in my constituency, supporting a number of local football clubs including Kirkcaldy and Dysart football club and Templehall United.
It also runs an over-35s walking football team, which is of particular interest to me.
It badly needs funding for a new synthetic all-weather pitch; does the Minister agree that this is an important cause, and one that deserves support?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
The issue she has raised is incredibly important, and I suggest that she reaches out to the Football Foundation.
I would be happy to set up that meeting for her.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What assessment the Commissioners have made of the effectiveness of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Commissioners have made of the effectiveness of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Commissioners have made of the effectiveness of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Commissioners have made of the effectiveness of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What discussions the Commissioners have had on the continuation of VAT relief under the listed places of worship grant scheme.
The listed places of worship grant scheme provides support to religious communities with listed buildings by refunding the cost of VAT on repairs.
The Church Commissioners view this scheme as an effective way to deliver transformational benefits to local communities, enabling restoration, repair and improved access.
I welcome the support shown for the scheme by hon.
Members across the House.
The listed places of worship grant scheme is essential to renovations and improvements being made by St Michael on Greenhill church in my constituency.
Can the Second Church Estates Commissioner give any assurance to me and my constituents across Lichfield, Burntwood and the villages that this grant  and Government support will be available to support excellent projects such as the creation of a new community hub?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on raising this issue.
It is so important to ensure that our local churches are supported and that churches such as St Michael’s in his constituency can deliver the repairs they need so that they can continue to be a benefit to their communities.
The National Churches Trust recently found that for every £1 of investment £16 is returned to the local community in the form of events facilities, warm spaces, food banks and so much more.
He will not be surprised to learn that I have raised the issue of the listed places of worship scheme with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, and I really hope that the Government are listening and will want to continue with this vital and essential scheme.
The construction of St Michael’s church in Linlithgow began in 1424, and it is a significant centre of worship in the newly formed parish of Linlithgow and Avon Valley.
As a category A listed site, it has benefited greatly from the listed places of worship grant scheme over the years.
Can my hon.
Friend advise what engagement the commissioners have had with representatives of Churches in Scotland on the importance and effectiveness of the scheme?
I know that St Michael’s church in Linlithgow in my hon.
Friend’s constituency is a beautiful medieval church with strong community links and engagement.
Although I am accountable only for the Church of England, I reassure her that the Church is working closely with its partners in Scotland, as they too want clarity on the future of this vital scheme.
I would be happy to put her in touch with the head of church buildings for the Church of Scotland if she so wishes.
St Ives church in Leadgate in my constituency is known as the miners’ cathedral.
The building is full of heritage, but costly maintenance issues are threatening its very survival.
The church has secured grants to fund temporary fixes, but a long-term solution is desperately needed.
It tells me that reclaiming tax can make all the difference, so will my hon.
Friend reassure me that schemes like that will continue to help churches such as St Ives?