January is traditionally a time when people commit to exercising more, and it is the perfect opportunity to encourage a more active nation— Go on then!
Bingo!
I knew he would do that.
I am proud that in government we had a sport strategy and set up the national physical activity taskforce, which brought together Departments, delivery partners and industry to work to increase activity rates.
May I ask the Secretary of State when the taskforce last met, whether it discussed the impact of the jobs tax on the sector’s ability to get more people active, and what alternative measures there will be for the school holidays when facilities will no longer be open?
The shadow Secretary of State will know that we have regular meetings with representatives from sporting bodies and industry.
We are determined to roll out grassroots sport to every part of the UK, and we have already signalled our intention as a new Government on that.
When I returned from the Euros, we announced a whole tranche of funding for the coming years to ensure that those incredible grassroots sports facilities that support not just young men, but young women across the country continue.
I would be happy to discuss this further with him to ensure— Order.
Please, this is topical questions, and we have six minutes before I have to hand over.
The murder of Jimmy Mizen sadly sticks in the minds of many of us.
An investigation by The Sun has revealed that his killer, Jake Farhi, is the masked rapper who has shockingly been promoted by the BBC despite his lyrics sickeningly boasting about killing and other crimes.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling for an investigation into how the BBC allowed this to happen?
I cannot imagine the pain and upset that it is causing Jimmy’s family.
I add my voice to the support for Jimmy’s family.
The shadow Secretary of State raises that matter in a particularly sensitive way, and I would be happy to consider it with him.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating local volunteers who are fundraising for a new roof for the grade I listed St Bartholomew’s church in my constituency, and will he meet me to discuss the future of the listed places of worship grant scheme, which is so important for them to hit their fundraising target?
Yes, I congratulate the church.
I know that lots of people are interested in the future of the fund.
The best way of describing how the Department is approaching that is to quote a hymn: “God is working this purpose out, As year succeeds to year… Nearer and nearer draws the time, The time that shall surely be” when we announce.
The last Conservative Government left music education in a dire state.
In Bath, the Orchestra of Everything Foundation is working against that tide with great success as 70% of the children it reaches take up a second instrument.
What will the Government do to improve music education?
That will definitely be part of my 12-point plan for music.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: music education is a vital part of ensuring that every child in this country has a decent chance to prosper in life.
This week, the great fight between Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jr was announced.
That is the best fight in British boxing and will showcase what a fantastic sport it is in the UK.
Will the Secretary of State join me in wishing both fighters the best of luck and in showcasing that brilliant fight across the world?
I absolutely add my voice to that.
Certain sports in the UK, including boxing, darts and snooker, have been under-represented in terms of Government attention.
We are determined for that to change because we know how much joy they bring to millions of people.
Plans for a Universal Studios theme park in Bedfordshire are a huge opportunity to drive economic growth and private sector investment.
What progress is being made, and when do the Government expect discussions with Universal Studios to conclude?
The hon.
Gentleman knows, because we have had several discussions about it, that I cannot enter into the precise details of the negotiations, but they are going well, and I am hopeful that this will be absolutely transformational for the British tourism industry if we manage to pull it off.
I am sure that he will urge everybody to co-operate with the Government in that process.
Members of the school council of Bromstone primary school in Broadstairs visited Parliament yesterday and wanted me to convey in the strongest terms to the Secretary of State the importance of learning art, not only because they love it but for the skills they learn from it.
Is she doing all in her power to ensure that creativity will have a prominent and central place in the curriculum?
May I reassure my hon.
Friend’s young constituents that we absolutely agree with them?
We know that music, sport and art not only enrich young people’s lives, but can unlock so much more.
We will take their views seriously.
In Grimsby, we are fortunate enough to have a new youth zone under construction, which is good news for many of my constituents, but those in the rural part of the constituency face challenges in accessing it.
How do the Government plan to help young people in rural areas access sport and leisure facilities?
I was delighted to host representatives from Grimsby in Wigan to show them our amazing OnSide youth facility.
I am delighted that the Grimsby facility is now moving ahead at pace, but I share his concern about people from surrounding areas, particularly in relation to transport.
Some of the youth funding that we have allocated for next year will address precisely  those issues so that existing youth facilities can buy minibuses, for example, to ensure access for all young people.
The BBC has a responsibility to share content that licence fee payers can trust, yet the Asserson report found widespread evidence of bias in the BBC’s reporting of the Israel-Hamas war, which, from what I can see, continues.
What representations have been made to the BBC and Ofcom to ensure that impartiality is upheld in all areas?