This is getting a little bit tired.
Young people should be the focus of this House.
We have already announced that £100 million of dormant assets funding will be dedicated to the provision of services, facilities and opportunities to young people, and for 2025-26, we are allocating over £85 million of capital funding to creating fit-for-purpose, welcoming spaces for young people, including through the new better youth spaces fund.
We are being driven by the needs of young people.
I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that in addition to leaving us with an incredible economic mess, the Conservatives left us with a series of commitments to young people that did not address any of their needs, and no single youth strategy.
Frankly, they should be ashamed.
What steps her Department is taking to support small music venues.
We have Arts Council England’s Supporting Grassroots Music fund, and in addition, we are pushing the live events industry to introduce a voluntary levy on arena and gig events to support small music venues.
I have a number of crucial small venues in my constituency, including the Cornish Bank, the Chintz Bar, the Old Bakery and the Princess Pavilion, to name just a few.
They are vital for the cultural ecosystem of Cornwall; they foster new talent and bring bands from outside the county down to us.
I am pleased to hear that the Minister is considering a scheme in which larger venues contribute part of their takings to smaller venues.
He said it would be voluntary, but if that did not work, would he consider a mandatory scheme, and what would be the timeline?
Can he confirm that the business rates scheme will be formulated to support small venues from 2026?
Everybody is getting in lots of questions.
If the scheme does not happen voluntarily, will we make it statutory?
Yes, but I am very hopeful that we will have a voluntary scheme up and running.
I have already met industry representatives, and I think we are moving in that direction.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the provisions for business rates.
Obviously, we have now introduced the 40% relief, and we have said that any business that has a rateable value of less than £500,000 will get an even better deal next year.
I think that Roger Taylor from Queen went to school in Truro, and I am sure you will know, Mr Speaker, that it is Sade’s birthday today.
She is one of Britain’s greatest singers—and I know you are a smooth operator.
I will leave it to the Chair of the Select Committee to come back on that.
I am grateful for the Minister’s commitment to the issue.
He will know that it was the cornerstone of the Select Committee’s work on grassroots music venues, and he also knows that our music ecosystem is very finely balanced.
Grassroots venues are still shutting at an alarming rate, and not one of the top 10 best-selling songs of 2024 was from a British artist.
Will the Minister look again at another of our report’s recommendations: the recommendation for a fan-led review of music?
Will he ensure that we include the voices of artists and managers, as well as venues and promoters, in discussions on funding for grassroots music venues from, for example, the new LIVE—Live music Industry Venues and Entertainment—Trust?
That was four questions, and the answer is yes to nearly all of them, other than the one about the fan-led review.
The Secretary of State has charged me with coming up with a 10-point plan for music this year, and I have turned it into a 12-point plan.
I very much hope to work with the Select Committee on delivering that plan.
Music is an important part of the UK’s soft power around the world.
There is nothing better than seeing a band that we first saw in a tiny venue many years ago playing in a massive arena.
We want that success for all our musicians in the UK, and it starts with creative education.
What steps her Department is taking with the gambling and gaming industries to support responsible gambling.
The Government are committed to reducing gambling-related harm and its impact.
That is why we are introducing a range of reforms to ensure that people can gamble safely, including a stake limit for online slot games, financial vulnerability checks and tougher regulations on direct marketing.
We are also aware of the concerns around the blurring of boundaries between gambling and video games, and we are paying close attention to novel and emerging gambling and gambling-like products.