The Minister will not be surprised to hear me raise the issue of the disproportionality of affordability checks on those betting on racing, and the reform of the betting levy.
I am grateful for the positive tone taken so far, and the constructive engagement from her and the Secretary of State.
Talks between the gambling industry and the racing industry about the betting levy continue, but I think ultimately Ministers will be required to make a decision.
We need the betting levy to be increased overall, and applied to races held overseas that people are betting on here.
We think there will be not just a fiscal forecast but a mini-Budget in March.
Can those industries start working with the Treasury now to make sure that there are plans to reform the betting levy in the Finance Bill?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
He is a huge champion for the horseracing industry.
Of course, the Government and I recognise the significant contribution that racing makes to British sporting culture and the rural economy in particular.
We are disappointed that talks have not been successful.
The Government have heard racing’s concerns about the financial checks, and about the fact that there has not been an agreement.
The Minister with responsibility for gambling and the Secretary of State continue to work on this issue.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting creative education.
My hon.
Friend will know that the Education Secretary has launched a review of the national curriculum to put art, sport and music back at its heart, where they belong.
We were appalled by the way that the previous Government ran down the creative subjects, leading to a huge drop-off in the number of young people taking those subjects at GCSE.
Labelling them all as Mickey Mouse subjects is not just entirely offensive but incredibly damaging to the economy.
The creative industries support  one in seven jobs in this country, and we are determined to equip our young people to get those jobs, contribute to this country and write the next chapter of our national story.