Sport and physical activity must play a bigger part in the debate on our nation’s collective health and the future of health services.
Sport England reports that almost one in three children are classed as inactive.
More than a third of adults do not meet the chief medical officer’s recommendations for physical activity.
Sedentary lifestyles are associated with one in six deaths, and obesity costs the economy £58 billion per year.
Those are truly shocking statistics  that we should all be ashamed of.
What conversations are Ministers in the Department having with colleagues in other Departments, most notably Health, to ensure an increased focus on physical activity to improve our nation’s physical and mental health?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that important question.
Through our health missions, and the health mission board, we work really closely across Government.
This is a pivotal issue.
Sport plays a huge part in getting people more active.
I know that from my own area: over 30% of people in Barnsley are inactive.
Just yesterday, I met with the Richmond group of charities, which works on this sort of issue, and I continue to have both Government meetings and meetings with stakeholders.
We really want to make progress in this area.
What steps her Department has taken to support public trust in reliable sources of news and information.
The Government take reliable sources of news very seriously.
I have already started initial discussions with the BBC about the charter review and the future of the licence fee.
We are also working closely with local media on a local media strategy.
We saw the importance of local news over the summer in tackling disinformation during the riots and civil unrest.
We are determined to provide a level playing field for local and regional newspapers to ensure that they can continue to thrive.
In the past few weeks, we have seen the spread of disinformation using online platforms and the proliferation of misinformation on an industrial scale.
Attempts to destabilise the Government and throw off public discourse do not have Britain’s best interests at heart.
I have been contacted by multiple constituents in Stratford and Bow who, like me, are deeply concerned about the unchecked ability of foreign billionaires to impact British democracy and news.
As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have heard witnesses talk about the impact of this globally.
What assurances can the Minister provide my constituents that the Government are taking the threat of foreign disinformation seriously?
That is precisely one of the reasons why my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary provided an uplift to the BBC World Service this year.
My hon.
Friend mentions foreign billionaires.
Unlike the Conservatives, we have no intention of conducting government by social media.
While they amplify the noise and conspiracy theories, we are cracking on with delivering for people in the real world where most of us spend our time.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Secretary of State?
We are moving very fast—it is almost like you have done this before, Mr Speaker.
We are wasting no time in standing up for people and fighting their corner.
We are taking on the ticket touts, working with the Creative Industries Independent Standards Authority to tackle harassment in the creative industries and working with Jewish leaders to tackle antisemitism in the arts.
We will take every action necessary to progress the Football Governance Bill through the House of Lords and to deliver for football fans.
We have launched the AI copyright consultation and convened the Creative Industries Council under its new chair Baroness Shriti Vadera.
Tomorrow I will be in the great town of Gateshead to host the first creative growth summit to bring good jobs and growth to every part of the United Kingdom.
Gables, an animal rescue charity in my constituency that I met before Christmas, and the Devon Mental Health Alliance have shared the negative impacts the increase to employers’ national insurance contributions will have on their service delivery.
For Gables, it is a £22,000 increase to its costs.
For DMHA, it decreases the amount of services it can provide, which are needed to ease local NHS pressures.
What hope can the Secretary of State offer them for the future?
I reassure the hon.
Member that the Government work closely with the charity sector.
Only a few months ago, the Prime Minister threw open the doors of Downing Street to launch a new covenant with civil society to work hand in hand with them on the shared challenges we face.
We are aware of the impact of the changes on charities.
That is why we have more than doubled the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500 to protect the smallest charities, and we published an impact assessment alongside the autumn Budget process that sets out the impact on charities.
We will continue to work closely with charities to support them.
The national youth strategy is a crucial step forward, and I welcome its progress.
Will the Secretary of State outline how new youth programmes, such as the better youth spaces initiative, will help to rebuild facilities in Southampton Itchen, where years of Conservative cuts have impacted opportunities for our young people?
We fully acknowledge the challenges faced by the sector and the challenging needs of young people.
The strategy will help us move forward from a one-size-fits-all approach from central Government, bringing power back to young people and their communities and rebuilding a thriving and sustainable youth sector.