I am deeply concerned about a local decision by our hospital trust to cut the bus route between Burnley general teaching hospital urgent care centre and Royal Blackburn teaching hospital, which is a huge loss to staff and patients.
Will the Leader of the House join me in calling on transport operators, the county council, East Lancashire hospitals NHS trust, Blackburn with Darwen borough council and others to get round the table and find a solution to save our shuttle bus and keep this vital service running?
Shuttle buses such as the one my hon.
Friend describes in his constituency—especially those that go to hospitals and other local services—are vital.
For too long, local areas and communities have not had a say in the bus routes they need in their area.
That is why we have brought forward the Bus Services Bill,  which is making its way through the other House and will ensure that his constituents have more of a say over the bus routes in their area.
As I am sure you know, Mr Speaker, my constituency is the source of a number of globally significant chalk streams, not least and most famously the River Test.
A number of Members were pressing the previous Government to bring forward a chalk stream recovery pack, to help get those rivers back to their best state of health, so you can imagine our disappointment when we learnt in the media before Christmas that this pack was being abandoned, as was subsequently confirmed in a ministerial statement.
Could we have a statement urgently from the Secretary of State about what he will do to replace that pack and bring these rivers back to the state of health they should be in?
We have to help Sir Charles Walker’s fishing—come on, Leader of the House.
I pride myself on knowing lots of things about what the Government are doing, but I have to admit that this is not something I am aware of or can offer the right hon.
Gentleman any particular advice on right now.
However, I assure him that I will raise it today with the Minister and ensure that he gets a full response.
If that is not sufficient, I will ensure that the Minister comes to the House.
Back in September, I hand-delivered a letter to the Home Office regarding critical concerns about our asylum hotel and about so many vulnerable families being put in such a deprived area.
I had a holding response in October, as did my council, but can the Leader of the House secure me a meeting with Home Office officials to discuss this vital issue?
My hon.
Friend consistently raises the issue of asylum hotels in his constituency, and I am really sorry to hear that he has not yet had a response from the relevant Minister.
I will ensure that he gets a response and the meeting he has asked for.
My question is about a rather disturbing matter, and it regards the latest issue of The House magazine.
On page 14, there is an article entitled, “State of the union”.
There are depictions of the United Kingdom, and each country has its flag.
The flag over Northern Ireland, contrary to what the rest of the world knows it to be, is the flag of the Republic of Ireland, as opposed to the Union flag or the Ulster banner.
This is absolutely outrageous and must be corrected in a suitably clear manner.
The flag of our nation—my nation—is precious.
When I look at the red of the St Patrick’s cross in the background of that flag, I think of the blood of those whose lives were given in the defence of Northern Ireland and this great nation.
When I see the publication’s mistake, it grieves me to see how we are regarded by so many.
I wish to make it clear that we do not live under the flag of the Republic of Ireland, despite the view of those who do not take their seats here.
However, it seems that their influence is greater than that of those in this  Chamber.
The flag of Northern Ireland is the Ulster banner or the Union flag, and it means something to many people.
We cannot allow this disgraceful incident to pass.
I ask the Leader of the House and you, Mr Speaker, to ensure that there is a correction.
Perhaps the staff at The House also need to be educated about the basics of the state of the Union, including its geography; they need to understand the wee simple things, given that it purports to be a political magazine that is focused on the business of this House.
Will the Leader of the House show her displeasure with the erroneous depiction?
May I ask her to ensure that a correction is made immediately, and that geographic training for staff at The House magazine will take place?
I absolutely share the hon.
Gentleman’s displeasure, and I thank him for raising this matter today.
It is a very disturbing mistake for The House to have made.
He will be aware that I am not responsible for the magazine, but I hope that the editors and the editorial board are watching this exchange and can offer the hon.
Gentleman a full explanation and a full apology.
They need to put this situation right with immediate effect.
Given that I have been brought into this matter, I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that The House is not a publication of the House, but it does trade on the House’s name and use the House’s coat of arms.
There are questions to be asked, and the hon.
Gentleman has raised a very important question.
The Leader of the House and I will look at what we can do and what should happen next.
Right across my constituency, there is plenty of support for this Government’s ambition to do far better when it comes to transitioning to clean, green renewable energy.
However, there is also a lot of frustration when my constituents see new houses going up, because we are not making use of rooftops and making sure that homes have the highest energy efficiency standards.
Can we have a statement from the Housing Minister about how we can make sure that we are far more ambitious than the last Government in the requirements on developers?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
Solar panels on new homes will be a vital component in meeting our clean energy superpower ambitions.
He will be aware that the previous Government actually pulled back from including solar panels in the new building regulations.
Had they done so, we would already have a much higher level of solar energy coming into the grid.
We are already putting that right.
Post offices provide vital services in our rural communities, such as banking.
In my Thornbury and Yate constituency, however, there are concerns about the future of the post office in Tytherington community shop, following the announcement that its partner post office in Cromhall will close at the end of February.
Will the Leader of the House agree to give us a debate in Government time on how we can support community post offices in the future?
The issue of community post offices regularly comes up in these sessions, and I know it is a matter of considerable importance to the House.
It would make for a good Backbench Business debate, and I see that the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee is still in his place.
The hon.
Member for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young)  is right to raise these issues.
I know that colleagues are concerned about plans to close all the current Crown post offices, too.
She should know that no decisions have been made on that, and I would encourage colleagues to raise the matter very strongly in the House, with Ministers and, indeed, with the Post Office itself.
Sadly, many places across England have been impacted by flooding in recent days.
The ground floor of Meadow Mill in my constituency was flooded on new year’s eve, which meant that residents in 213 apartments were not only stranded but left without water, electricity or heating.
I thank all the emergency service workers and Stockport council staff for supporting the residents.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact of flooding on insurance premiums and service charge costs for apartment block residents?
As a near constituency neighbour of my hon.
Friend, I am well aware of Meadow Mill and all the trauma and difficulties suffered by residents during the recent flooding.
Many other colleagues’ constituencies were affected, too.
This Government inherited really poor flood defence systems, which is why we have put in place a floods resilience taskforce.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight insurance costs and other issues, and I will ensure that the House is kept constantly updated on flooding and its impacts.
Could the Leader of the House use her great influence to improve the tone and quality of ministerial responses in this place?
On Monday, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology responded to the question I asked on behalf of the creative industries, which are very worried about the Government’s consultation on artificial intelligence and copyright, by telling me that I do not “understand the idea of a consultation.”—[Official
Report,  13 January 2025 ; Vol. 760, c. 55.]
I hate to admit it, but I am long enough in the tooth to say that I genuinely do understand what a consultation is and how to recognise one that does not appear to be genuine and that has a foregone conclusion.
The point is that we need to be able to articulate questions on behalf of our constituents and on behalf of sectors that contribute so much to the UK economy, and receive a response that has dignity and respect at its heart.
I am sure the Leader of the House agrees that this place should be no place for mansplaining.