On the Liberal Democrat Benches, we have been delighted by the recent groundswell of support from across the House for Liberal Democrat policies.
In particular, I cite:
the support for our Youth Mobility Scheme (EU Countries) Bill; the warm response for the sunshine Bill—the New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill—from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , which is coming tomorrow; and the House endorsing a fairer voting system.
Will the Government answer this clear yearning by Members across the House for Liberal Democrat policies and provide parliamentary time to ensure those Bills become law?
I notice that this week there was further public support for the Liberal Democrats: I understand that 90% of respondents to a review of their general election campaign thought their party leader’s eye-catching campaign style was very effective.
I concur, so here’s to even more bungee jumping and paddle boarding, but perhaps less of the tight wetsuits—I’m not sure I really want to see those!
I am pleased that we are able to support a number of the measures coming forward from the hon.
Lady’s colleagues.
I look forward to continuing to work constructively across the House with Liberal Democrats.
As the junction 28 parliamentary champion, I report that residents across Bolsover are really frustrated by congestion.
Can we have a Government statement on what we are doing to tackle congestion across Bolsover?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the issue of congestion in Bolsover, and I congratulate her on doing so today.
She will know that this is one of a number of issues the Government are seeking to tackle through their transport and roads strategies.
Will the Leader of the House please ask the Secretary of State for Transport to come urgently to the House and give a statement on the destruction of trees and vegetation along the Liberty line, which runs from Romford to Emerson Park in my constituency?
There has been an  extreme lack of accountability and communication from Network Rail.
It has not consulted local residents or elected representatives, despite promising to do so in 2022 when a similar incident occurred.
This is devastating for the local environment and wildlife.
Cutting down healthy trees is wrong and Network Rail needs to be held to account for its actions.
I am sure that many colleagues across the House recognise that the felling of healthy trees causes a great deal of local interest from constituents, wherever it occurs, so the hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise it.
I am not aware of the particular case he raises, but I will ensure he gets a ministerial response.
Gary, a constituent of mine who lives in Thrapston, had his driving licence suspended for six months due to a medical condition.
During that time, his employer supported him getting to and from work, but shortly before his licence was due to be renewed it was, once again due to his medical condition, suspended for a further six months.
In the light of that and in order to continue to work, Gary applied for support from the Access to Work grant scheme.
Following his application, Gary was advised that there was a 30-week wait before his application would be dealt with.
Does the Minister agree that the Government have prioritised supporting people who wish to continue to work whenever they can, and that delays in granting applications like this are totally unacceptable and could lead to people losing their jobs?
Can we get Gary’s case looked into as soon as possible?
It is completely unacceptable for people to have to wait as long as that.
This Government are committed to significantly reducing the waiting times for Access to Work and other programmes, and I will ensure that a Minister looks into Gary’s case and it is resolved as soon as possible.