My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that talent is everywhere, but opportunity is not, and we are determined for that to change.
I am not sure whether I have mentioned that I recently went on a visit with Ed Sheeran—[Interruption.]
Thirty-eight times, says my hon.
Friend the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism.
In Ipswich, an entire ecosystem is being created that equips young people with those skills and that love of music at school, and goes all the way through enabling them to perform at smaller and larger live music venues, and to get the skills that they need to work in the music industry.
We would like to replicate that model around the country.
We are working with the newly formed Ed Sheeran Foundation and others to progress this model.
As my hon.
Friend the Minister mentioned, I have asked him to come up with a 10-point plan to support the music industry.
By the time we have finished, it will probably be about 100 points, but we make no apologies for wanting to grip this issue and bring the magic of music to every child in the country.
As the Secretary of State will know, Scotland’s budget commits to a landmark £34 million uplift in cultural spending, with £20 million going to Creative Scotland to support creative education funding groups, such as Sistema Scotland and the Youth Music Initiative.
Will she encourage her Scottish Labour colleagues to get behind this spending, and to vote for the budget?
I recently met incredible groups from Scotland that are doing great work through charitable trusts to extend the power of music to every child in Scotland.
They have a particular emphasis on children in care, which we really welcome, and would like to replicate.
Scotland is also creating music libraries across the country to ensure that young people have access to instruments.
I have discussed that with Angus Robertson, my counterpart in the Scottish Government.
This Government want a much more constructive relationship with the Scottish Government.
When it comes to music, party political differences should be laid aside, and we should work together to make sure that all young people can access the magic that music brings.
What steps her Department is taking to support grassroots sport.
What steps her Department has taken to support grassroots sport in Stevenage.
Grassroots sports clubs are the beating heart of communities up and down the country.
The Government are acting to support grassroots sports through our ongoing investment in Sport England and the delivery of our £123 million multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
I recently met the Football Foundation, which is dedicated to transforming grassroots football in England by funding and developing community facilities.
Its work includes building and refurbishing pitches, clubhouses and changing rooms, ensuring that everybody has access to quality football environments.
By investing in grassroots football, it aims to improve participation, improve health and strengthen communities.
What assessment has the Department made of the impact of biodiversity net gain requirements on investment in community sports facilities?
Biodiversity net gain is a legal requirement for all new developments and is not specific to sports facilities.
The Government are working with Sport England, the Football Foundation and wider grassroots sport to help reduce the sector’s impact on the environment.
That of course includes supporting these organisations in meeting their obligations regarding biodiversity net gain.
I understand that the Football Foundation will meet officials from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, which oversees the implementation of biodiversity net gain, to discuss this issue further.