My hon.
Friend asks two questions.
The first is about the timing.
We have already done the initial phase.
I hope that we will be able to make an announcement fairly soon about the technical elements, which we hope to get up and running this year.
The second point is important: what is the final purpose of this registration scheme?
We are in discussions with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, because we want to make sure that the scheme works and delivers what people want, which is a really strong local visitor economy, but we do not want to undermine local housing strategies.
Holiday lets play an important part in the tourism economy; 20 million people visit the lakes every year, and they need somewhere to stay.
Having said that, in the last five  years especially, we have seen a gobbling-up of the long-term private rented sector and local people forced out by a massive growth in short-term lets.
Will the Minister speak more with the Minister for Housing and Planning about how planning law can be changed, so that councils and national parks can put a limit on the number of short-term lets in the community, and take action on second homes, too?
I agree with every single thing the hon.
Member said, and I will do as he urges.
What progress her Department has made on creating a national youth strategy.
We have wasted no time in cracking on with the national youth strategy.
We have almost finished recruiting to the youth advisory group and the expert advisory group, and I can tell the House that we have taken suggestions from Conservative Members and included a member of the uniformed youth groups on that youth advisory group, which will meet for the first time in late January or early February.
My officials are reviewing the evidence base, which they will consider, and we are launching the strategy in the summer, with an interim report expected in the spring.
My constituent Kylie is a teacher who works with excluded young people who have some excellent ideas about what we can do to address antisocial behaviour and improve youth provision.
Can the Secretary of State provide an update on how the national youth strategy consultation will involve young people, so that we make sure that they are engaged in future policy decisions?
We are absolutely determined to put young people back in charge of their destiny.
They know better than we do the challenges that they face, and are often better at identifying the solutions.
That is why we have put young people in charge of the strategy.
We are co-producing it with them, and we will seek out a range of young people’s voices from every part of the country and every background as part of the process.
Swimming is a really important skill for young people.
I learned to swim at the Sovereign centre in Eastbourne, but so many pools across the country have closed—250 since 2015.
It is critical that the national youth strategy refers to swimming pools, and support for young people when it comes to swimming.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that is included in the strategy, and will she meet me and Eastbourne borough council representatives to discuss how we can best protect our pool in Eastbourne?
I would be delighted to offer the hon.
Gentleman a meeting with the Department on this critical issue; I would be amazed if it did not come up in the national youth strategy.
The strategy is led by young people, and it is for them to determine their priorities, but I hear this point made by young people in my  constituency of Wigan and across the length and breadth of the country.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , is working very closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, and we are determined to address this issue.