The scheme was designed to address a perverse incentive in the VAT rules that favoured demolition and rebuild at a time when we were unable to change those rules.
Post Brexit, we can now do so.
Will the Church Commissioners draw that to the attention of those on the Treasury Bench?
Yes.
Will the hon.
Lady therefore support my private Member’s Bill, which is coming up in March and is designed specifically to exclude repairs to listed places of worship from the VAT regime?
I will have a look at the hon.
Member’s Bill.
I, too, want to refer to the land of Calvin, oatcakes, and sulphur—Scotland.
In a village in my constituency where I used to live, there is a lovely old Church of Scotland church that has been bought by a  former Member of this place.
It is in bad condition and it is upsetting local people.
Can best practice be shared north of the border with planning authorities and heritage organisations?
I would be most grateful.
I will certainly share the hon.
Member’s thoughts, but I am happy to write to him with further details on other spaces where he can get more information on how he can support schemes in his constituency.
What steps the Church has taken to respond to the recommendations set out in the Makin review, published on 18 October 2024.
What recent steps the Church has taken to respond to allegations of child sexual abuse within the Church of England.
What steps the Church has taken to respond to the recommendations set out in the Makin review, published on 18 October 2024.
The Makin report made clear the devastating abuse suffered by children and young people at the hands of John Smyth.
In the meeting I had with representatives from the Archbishops’ Council, I raised the need for the Makin review to be a defining and watershed moment for the Church.
The review made 27 recommendations, some of which have already been implemented.
I am awaiting a full and thorough update from the Church on the detailed progress being made on each recommendation.
That work is in addition to the ongoing efforts to respond to the Wilkinson and Alexis Jay inquiries into child sexual abuse.
Following these reports, the Church began developing potential new safeguarding models, which will be decided at the General Synod in February.
I pay tribute to my ecclesiastical co-worker, the Right Reverend Helen-Ann Hartley, Bishop of Newcastle, for her leadership and courage in championing the voices of victims in the wake of the Makin review.
Newcastle is proud of her.
Are the Church Commissioners aware of her ongoing concerns about the implementation of the review?
In particular, what can they do to ensure that dioceses have the resources necessary to implement a high standard of safeguarding and to ensure that the Church is focused on the interests of the victims and the vulnerable, rather than the career interests of leading clergy?
My hon.
Friend rightly raises the work that her own bishop has been doing in her constituency on this issue.
Following the Makin review, colleagues such as my hon.
Friend and many represented here today and from across the House have rightly been raising their concerns about safeguarding in the Church.
This week I met representatives from the Archbishops’ Council, including the Bishop of Stepney, Joanne Grenfell,  who is the lead bishop for safeguarding in the Church, to raise my concerns.
The House can rest assured that I did that robustly.
The Church’s national safeguarding team is now at stage three of its four-stage process to assess and deal with the risk posed by those criticised in the Makin review, which is rightly welcomed.
In addition, the Church institutions have developed the two model proposals on safeguarding, which will go to the Synod in February.
Those independent safeguarding models will look at a scrutiny body and at safeguarding operations more independent of the Church.
I will be at the Synod in February, and I will listen closely to that debate.
Make no mistake, the Church has an enormous amount of work to do to create a cultural shift.
That is what is required.
It needs to rebuild trust and confidence.
It is also important that everybody in the House feels as though they get the opportunity to raise their concerns.
I thank my hon.
Friend and others for ensuring that they have raised this issue here today.
I would very much like to pay tribute to the Bishop of Newcastle as well.
What was so tragic was that so few senior voices were being heard in the Anglican Church.
The Makin review named the Bishop of Lincoln and the bishop in charge of the Episcopal Church, but so few people have been held to account.
Will the hon.
Lady please ensure that more people are properly held to account and that some of the people who have been named are cleared out of those top jobs?
The right hon.
Member makes a critical point.
It is so important for the Church to view this as the chance to turn a corner and make it a watershed moment.
We need change, and those responsible must be held to account.
I would be happy to discuss this matter further with the right hon.
Member if that would be of help, but he should make no mistake that I strongly believe that it is important that the Church  is held to account.
The Bishop of Stepney—the lead bishop for safeguarding—and the director for safeguarding both welcomed the Makin review when it was first published last year.
We must ensure that its recommendations are implemented.
The urgent need for independent scrutiny of the Church’s safeguarding procedures was highlighted both by the Makin report and by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
What are the current arrangements for independent scrutiny of safeguarding following the dismissal of the Church’s independent safeguarding board?
What is the timescale for having a permanent system for independent scrutiny in place  to safeguard against such appalling acts of abuse, as highlighted in both those reports?
Independent scrutiny of the Church’s safeguarding work is extremely important.
The Church commissioned a series of audits on dioceses and cathedrals by independent safeguarding experts, and several have been completed and published.
The independently chaired national safeguarding panel, which includes victims and survivors among its members, currently scrutinises safeguarding, but as I have already pointed out, proposals to strengthen scrutiny in the Church will be voted on at the Synod next month, and  the Church will then have to create a plan for implementation once the right model has been approved at that General Synod in February.
What steps the Church is taking to improve the maintenance of the Hyde Park Estate.
The Hyde Park estate has been managed by the Church Commissioners for over 150 years, and they are committed to its long-term stewardship.
As responsible landlords, the commissioners are committed to adopting best practice and have continuous investment programmes for the management of buildings on the estate to ensure that they remain fit for purpose both now and in the future.
I have been working for months with residents of the Quadrangle, the Water Gardens and Connaught Village on the scale of their service charges.
They have managed to reduce their service charges by 10%.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating them on their hard work and agree that they should not have had to work that hard?
Will she join me in a meeting with the Church Commissioners to improve the transparency and monitoring of service charge  levels?
Of course I congratulate the residents on their hard work.
I know from my constituency about the challenges around increases in service charges; it is so important that they are transparent to everybody.
I would be happy to join my hon.
Friend in a meeting with her residents on this issue, and I would recommend including those from the Church Commissioners’ property services team.
I hope that will be okay.
The Hyde Park estate is an oasis of peace and tranquillity in the middle of the concrete and buildings and used daily by many.
What steps will the Church take to ensure that there are sufficient waste disposal and recycling bins across the Hyde Park estate, for those with two legs, and indeed for those with four legs?
I am sure that those managing and maintaining the estate are looking at all those issues, but I would be happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with further information.
The right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— If the Commission will make an assessment of the potential merits of banning foreign donations to UK political parties.
What recent assessment the Commission has made of the adequacy of the rules on donations by non-UK citizens to political parties.
When establishing the political finance regime, Parliament’s explicit intention was to ban foreign donations.
However, limitations of the current law mean that it is possible for money from foreign sources to enter the UK electoral system through donations from UK companies.
For that reason, the Electoral Commission has called for the laws around company donations to be strengthened, to ensure that parties cannot accept money from companies that have not made enough in the UK to fund their donation or loan, to impose a duty to carry out enhanced “know your donor” checks, and to improve transparency over donations made through unincorporated associations.
In recent weeks we have seen the unedifying spectacle of opposition parties trying to curry favour with one particular foreign billionaire.
However, this issue is much bigger than Elon Musk.
Transparency International UK estimates that £1 in every £10 in our system—£150 million since 2021—comes from questionable or unknown sources.
When will these proposals come forward, so that we can debate them in the House and tackle this threat to our democracy?
As the hon.
Member will understand, proposals to change the law must come from the Government—with whom, I gently suggest, he has more influence that I do—but he is right that transparency is crucial.
It is important that we understand the source of the donations, so that the political parties that accept them can be properly held to account.
Surely, even in these febrile times, it should not be difficult to build a consensus around the proposition that foreign money should not be in British politics.
Can we not get the parties together now to make the strongest possible package of reforms, rather than reacting when it is too late?
As I mentioned, there is a consensus in this House that foreign donations should not play a part in British politics, but there are gaps in the law.
As  I mentioned, the Electoral Commission believes that those gaps can be properly closed through further legislation.
It is speaking to the Government about that, and I know that it would be happy discuss the matter further with the right hon.
Gentleman, if he so wishes.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church is taking to tackle racial injustice.
In 2020 the House of Bishops created the archbishops’ anti-racism taskforce, followed by the archbishops’ commission for racial justice, to continue the work of tackling racial injustice in the Church and society.
Last February, the General Synod voted unanimously to continue efforts to address racial injustice across the Church.
The Church’s work to recognise the importance of diversity and on proactive anti-racism is very welcome, but what steps is it taking to address its historical links to the slave trade?
The Church’s role in slavery is truly shameful.
It is only right that it takes action to recognise its links to the transatlantic enslavement of Africans.
No amount of money would ever be enough to repair the horrors of the slave trade, but the Church Commissioners’ project will set aside £100 million over nine years for a programme of impact, investment, research and engagement.
It is hoped that this fund will continue to grow over time and will reinvest returns.
Investments in grant funding will be directed towards communities that have been impacted by the enslavement of Africans.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  20 January  includes: Monday 20 January —General debate on the impact of food and diet on obesity, followed by a general debate on financial education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 21 January —Remaining stages of the Armed Forces Commissioner Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft Deposit Scheme for Drinks Containers (England and Northern Ireland) Regulations 2024.
Wednesday 22 January —Motion to agree a money resolution relating to the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, followed by Second Reading of
the Bank Resolution (Recapitalisation) Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 23 January —General debate on Holocaust Memorial Day.
Friday 24 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  27 January  will include: Monday 27 January —General debate on the creative industries.
Tuesday 28 January —Remaining stages of the Water (Special Measures) Bill
[Lords].
Wednesday 29 January —Second Reading of the Arbitration Bill.
Thursday 30 January —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 31 January —The House will not be sitting.
For the convenience of the House, and in view of the three important statements that are taking place today, the motion on the draft Deposit Scheme for Drinks Containers (England and Northern Ireland) Regulations 2024 will not be moved today.
I am sure that the Leader of the House and every Member will join me in welcoming the news overnight of a ceasefire in Gaza.
Let us hope and pray that it is as effective, comprehensive and long-lasting as possible.
Back at home, all one can say is that it has been another extraordinary week for the Government, though possibly not in the way that they would have wanted.
We have had the Government’s anti-corruption Minister herself being named for corruption by another country in the face of an international investigation into embezzlement of development and other funds.
We have had the unusually unlovely sight of the Chancellor of the Exchequer in a desperate search for growth that has taken her to Beijing and back—though with precious little result, it seems.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales said this week that stagflation—that toxic combination of recession and inflation—is now “a live risk”.
Even the very, very modest GDP growth reported for November was below expectations.
At some point, the Government’s current spending splurge will doubtless start to nudge growth upwards over the coming year, but in the meantime we will have to look forward to the grim prospect of the national insurance changes in April and the horrors of the Employment Rights Bill, which even by the Government’s own estimates will cost employers an extra £5 billion a year.
So dire has the Chancellor’s position become that she has been forced to ask Cabinet colleagues for ideas of growth.
Given the galaxy of business talent around the Cabinet table, how can that possibly go wrong?
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister has been forced not only to express “full confidence” in the Chancellor—always a death knell—but to insist that she will remain in post for the full period of this Government.
Let us see how that works out.
It has been extraordinary, in particular, to see her attacked by her own colleagues, who have said: “we’re going back to austerity in all but name.”
Luckily, the Government were able to announce some good news in the form of the latest results of the national wealth fund, which has apparently generated more than 6,000 jobs and £1.6 billion in private investment over the last six months—except that the announcement is, I am afraid, entirely disingenuous.
As Lord Livermore said in a debate in the other House in October, the national wealth fund is, in fact, the UK Infrastructure Bank with a new name and a bit more capital.
I know something about the UK Infrastructure Bank, because I set it up in 2021 when I was Financial Secretary to the Treasury.
It has an absolutely world-class leadership team and I am not remotely surprised to see it doing so well.
But the idea that its recent success is attributable to a Labour Government who have done little more than rebrand it is an embarrassing joke.
Its success has been powered by good institutional design, a top team, tonnes of talented employees and more than four years of hard work.
One recalls the Government’s attempt to claim credit for £63 billion of international cash in the October investment summit.
I know the Leader of the House is a strong believer in transparency and accountability, so will she have the Treasury update the House on what form that investment has taken, how much of it has been received and where it is being spent?
Frankly, it is more than doubtful that three months of post-election chaos in the Government had any such effect in boosting investment, but we will see when the Government publish the numbers, as I am sure they will.
If it turns out like the so-called national wealth fund, we will know that the Labour Government are more than happy to take credit for at least some of the work of the previous Government, provided that they can put their own name on it.
I, too, am sure that the whole House will welcome the developments between Israel and Gaza over the past hours and days, with a long-overdue ceasefire and the release of hostages now looking like a real possibility, although that is still to be confirmed.
This will hopefully now lead to much-needed aid getting in,usb the end of the killing, the hostages being released, and, I hope, what will be the beginning of a long-term political solution for the region.
We will hear shortly from the Foreign Secretary with further details on that.
First, I will explain one of the pieces of business I have just announced, and set out why the Government will table a money resolution relating to the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill next week.
In order for a Bill Committee to consider any clauses that could have spending implications, the Government must first table a money resolution.
That is not the Government agreeing to fund the measures in a Bill; it is purely to enable the Bill to be debated in Committee.
In the case of this Bill, this relates to one small component that is yet to be debated and agreed.
Without the motion being agreed to, that debate could not happen and that component could not remain in the Bill.
The Government have taken the view that that would act against our commitment to remain neutral on the Bill.
The House should debate and decide on these matters for itself.
I hope that, as with Second Reading, colleagues will focus on the substance and not the processes of this sensitive private Member’s Bill.
It really has been quite incredible to watch the collective display of amnesia on the Conservative Benches over recent weeks—it is like the past 14 years did not happen.
I see that the Leader of the Opposition is out today in what has been briefed as her finally telling the truth about the Conservatives’ record: they did not have a plan for growth, they were not honest with the British people, and they negotiated a bad Brexit deal.
However, it sounds like  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman)  did not quite get that memo.
It sounds like the right hon.
Gentleman did not get the memo about the Conservatives needing to be honest about their record on standards either.
If he wants to compare the previous Government’s record on losing Ministers, I am quite happy to do so.
Boris Johnson had 36 of his own Ministers resign in 24 hours—the highest number on modern record.
Even the very nice right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) lost four of his senior Ministers in his first few months, including his party chairman and Deputy Prime Minister, for breaking the ministerial code.
Even when there were investigations on Ministers, they were often ignored.
This Government have strengthened the ministerial code and now have an adviser who is able to initiate investigations.
We have brought in new rules for Members of Parliament on outside interests, and we will go further.
The right hon.
Gentleman obviously did not get the memo on the Conservatives’ record on the economy, and is instead trying to attack our plans.
The Leader of the Opposition, his party leader, is now telling the country that they did not have a plan for growth.
That is the truth of the situation, isn’t it?
The Conservatives had 14 years to do something about the fundamental weaknesses in our economy, and they did nothing.
In fact, they made those weaknesses even worse: stagnant growth, low productivity, low wages, low skills, high mortgages, high debt, poor health, poor housing, woeful transport, deep-seated inequalities, and no ambition under the previous Government to gain the jobs of the future.
We are beginning to tackle those deep-rooted weaknesses, and that is the truth that he and his party leader should be telling the country.
Community organisations are the backbone of many events in towns and villages across North West   Leicestershire.
For the past 10 years, the Rotary Club of Ashby de la Zouch Castle has organised our annual charity Santa fun run in Ashby, which I have had the pleasure of taking part in alongside hundreds of local people.
Last week, the club presented cheques to LOROS hospice, Rainbows hospice for children and young people, and Staunton Harold Sailability Trust.
It was great to hear that the fun run has now raised over £100,000 for local charities that support residents in need.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking the volunteers for their commitment to support our communities, and could the House be granted an opportunity to discuss what further support could be provided to volunteers to ensure that they continue to thrive?
I will certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking the volunteers in her constituency for what sound like fantastic local fundraising activities.
I thought she was going to ask me to go on a fun run—to which the answer was going to be no—but otherwise I welcome her question.