I am happy to apologise on behalf of any Minister who may have inadvertently not used the appropriate tone.
I know that the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology respects the hon.
Lady greatly, and I am sure he did not mean to cause any offence.
I am sure it was meant humorously, which is obviously not how it has been taken.
I will ensure that the hon.
Lady’s comments are passed back.
Seemingly unending roadworks in Rossendale and Darwen are causing massive disruption to residents and businesses.
Lane rental schemes, in which companies are charged for the time that their works occupy the road, can be a game changer, yet highways authorities such as Lancashire seem to be unwilling to use the powers available to them.
Will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time on how we can get the action that we need to free up our roads?
I think we can all identify with the plight of constituents who are experiencing unnecessary and badly co-ordinated roadworks, and all the congestion and disruption they cause.
The Government want to see more local authorities introduce lane rental schemes, and I will ensure that the relevant Minister supports my hon.
Friend’s call for such a scheme in his constituency.
Last week, I met representatives of the Environment Agency at Knaresborough lido, which was granted bathing water status last year thanks to the hard work of local campaigners and the former MP, Andrew Jones.
The Environment Agency has said that, unlike other rivers with sewage and pollution issues, which are usually due to adverse weather events and heavy rain, the issue on the River Nidd looks to be continuous, regardless of the weather.
It is particularly bad during dry spells, which leads the Environment Agency to believe that it is down to housing developments that might be inadvertently, or deliberately in some cases, tapping into existing sewerage networks.
Will the Leader of the House speak with her colleagues in the relevant Department to ensure that, when we look at the issue of water quality, we also consider how it is affected by housing development?
The hon.
Member is right to raise that issue.
Core to the conversations that are happening between the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government is that nature, including the issues of water supply, sewage and so on, is vital when we consider housing plans.
None the less, I will ensure that he gets a reply on the case that he raises.
The good news is that 185 apartments around Wembley Stadium in my constituency are ready to be occupied.
The bad news is that nobody can move into them, because the Building Safety Regulator has sat on its gateway 2 applications for six months and its gateway 3 applications for two months.
We have a housing shortage.
Can the Leader of the House ensure that we have a debate on the delays and dysfunctionality of the Building Safety Regulator?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that, through the Building Safety Act 2022 brought in by the previous Government, we do now have a Building Safety Regulator.
It is right, given the context in which that regulator came about following the Grenfell fire, that we ensure that buildings are signed off as safe, and are able to be signed off as safe, before they can be occupied and sold.
I am happy to look into this particular case to see why it has taken so long for that to happen.
We face an emergent healthcare crisis in towns and communities across the country as demand for non-surgical aesthetic treatments, including botox and dermal fillers, rises.
This is fuelled by social media and societal pressures on young people.
Such treatments often take place in unregulated high street environments and place pressure on the NHS.
When will the Government bring forward legislation to introduce a mandatory licensing regime, and will they allow for a debate in Government time on the Floor of this House?
The hon.
Member raises an important topic, which I know affects many of our constituents.
We have seen a number of very high profile cases lately where things have gone terribly wrong in a sector that is completely unregulated, as he says.
I know that there have been plans in place for a while to bring forward the measures he describes.
I will ensure that the House is updated when those measures are ready, and that, in the meantime, he gets a ministerial response.
London Southend airport has taken time to bounce back from the pandemic, but I am delighted to see that, over recent months, a number of new routes have been established.
EasyJet has announced its new base at the airport and, just in the past week, Eastern Airways has announced its new route to Newquay.
Does the Leader of the House agree that this is positive news for the local economy and a sign of growing business confidence on the back of the Government’s mission to kick-start economic growth?
Will she join me on a visit to the airport to hear more about its future plans?