Last Friday Lord Goldsmith resigned from the Government and his letter to the Prime Minister was absolutely devastating.
If I may paraphrase it, it said that before taking office the Prime Minister assured party members via Lord Goldsmith that he the Prime Minister would continue to implement the action plan, including the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill and measures such as ending the live export of animals for slaughter, banning keeping primates as pets and preventing the import of shark fins and hunting trophies from vulnerable species.
Lord Goldsmith has been horrified as bit by bit the Government have abandoned those commitments, domestically and on the world stage.
The Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill has been ditched, despite the Prime Minister’s promises; efforts on a wide range of domestic environmental issues have simply ground to a standstill; and, more worryingly, the United Kingdom has visibly stepped off the world stage.
Lord Goldsmith and the Secretary of State served as DEFRA Ministers in the last Parliament.
Does she agree with his devastating critique of the Prime Minister and her Department?
Of course not.
I was very sad that the noble Lord chose to leave Government.
I pay tribute to him for a lot of what he has done in terms of international  nature.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Mark Spencer) , set out to the House on  25 May  the approach that we are taking and why.
We are getting on with the legislation on keeping primates as pets, and we are preparing single-issue Bills.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) , who is chuntering from a sedentary position, clearly does not know a lot about government.
I understand that, because he has never been in it—[Interruption.]
I am responding to the chuntering from the hon.
Gentleman.
The point is that when we introduce secondary legislation, the formality is that we have to consult.
That is why we are doing a short consultation, which we launched last week.
We will get on with the secondary legislation when we return after the recess.
What recent discussions she has had with relevant stakeholders on monitoring coastal and marine biodiversity.
My hon.
Friend and I share a feature in that the coast and the sea are a key part of our constituencies.
We have just brought into effect our first three highly protected marine areas.
We engage regularly with various stakeholders on a variety of issues relating to the monitoring and protection of coastal and marine biodiversity.
We will continue to do that around our shores, but we also do extensive work around the world, with our knowledge and expertise, to ensure that we preserve marine biodiversity much more strongly right across the globe.
I recently met Applied Genomics Ltd, a marine scientific business in my North Norfolk constituency.
It specialises in environmental DNA acquisition and processing, and has developed an effective technique to measure a broad biodiversity profile, from fish stocks and invasive species to microbial pollution.
The UK does not currently have an all-encompassing nationwide programme to monitor our coastal marine environments, so will the Minister consider launching a consistent, low-cost and accurate programme, and will she meet me to discuss it?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we monitor marine and coastal wildlife and habitats through the UK marine monitoring and assessment strategy evidence groups.
Indeed, the £140 million natural capital and ecosystem assessment programme is an important example of how we are trying to do these things in a smarter and more timely way.
I am delighted to say that Applied Genomics, the company to which he refers, whose work I think is interesting and valuable, has delivered some of that work.
When will the Secretary of State join me in a campaign to try to clean up our seas and oceans?
Around our country, there are reports of marine life dying.
When will she wake up to the fact that tyres are not just made of rubber but contain 72 chemicals, some of them poisonous and related to cancer, and all that wear goes into the gullies, gutters, streams, rivers and oceans and it is poisoning marine life?
When will she do something about it?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to launch a campaign on that.
The Department and the Government are aware of the impact of the particulate matter that comes off tyres and brakes.
That is increasingly one of the challenges for heavier electric vehicles, and the Department for Transport in particular is working with the industry on that.
On the other aspects he mentions, we have the £500 blue planet fund, and we invest right around the world and on our shores in improving marine biodiversity.
That is why we are sponsoring activity on coral reefs, for example, and on getting plastic out of our oceans.
It is why the UK played a critical role in securing the UN “biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction” treaty on trying to improve marine biodiversity.
This Government have done more for the oceans, and made them a central part of tackling climate change, than any other country in the world, and we will continue to do so.
What steps she is taking to increase tree planting.
I am pleased that the England trees action plan has set out more than 90 actions to help us meet our targets in increasing tree planting.
Since its publication, we have rolled out the England woodland creation offer grant scheme; we have added two new community forests, bringing that to a total of 13; we have invested in nursery capacity; and we have launched a new training and apprenticeship scheme to boost skills and workforce in the forestry sector.
Since January 2020, 350,000 trees have been planted in the west midlands.
An estimated 62 tonnes of air pollution have been removed as a result in the Black Country alone.
More than 320,000 of those trees have now been registered with the West Midlands Combined Authority’s virtual forest.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking our wonderful Mayor, Andy Street, for spearheading that massive effort, and will she outline how the Government plan to help the west midlands to plant even more trees?
It is fantastic to hear about these successes and the innovation of virtual forests.
I thank Mayor Andy Street and the people of the west midlands for planting more trees.
We will continue to support tree planting through our national forest in the midlands.
We will work closely with the Forestry Commission on the nature for climate fund grant schemes, including the local authority treescapes fund.
This is yet another example of fantastic Conservative Mayors delivering for their residents cleaner air, and greener and more beautiful spaces.
As we regularly say, vote blue, go green.
I recently visited the Woodland Trust’s Snaizeholme tree planting project, which is in the Prime Minister’s Yorkshire constituency.
It has huge potential for nature recovery and carbon capture, but along with other sites, it faces a financial cliff edge when the nature for climate fund comes to an end.
Will the Government commit to long-term funding that provides certainty for that vital work?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have extensive funding, and he will also know that the cycles of funding go with something called the spending review, which is until 2025.
We will continue to invest in forestry, and we are doing it through our environmental land management schemes as well.
I planted the first tree in the northern forest with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton West (Chris Green) .
We need to keep it going.
I was there!
He did it!
No, he didn’t.
The more trees that are planted, the better, so let us all take credit for planting trees.
It is good for wellbeing, and it is good for the planet.
When she plans to publish the results of her Department’s consultation on the fur market in Great Britain.
A summary of responses to the call for evidence on the fur market setting out the results and any next steps in this policy space will be published soon.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs called for evidence on banning the import and sale of fur back in 2021, but two years on, we have yet to hear what the public think about such an important and timely issue.
Will the Department commit to a date when it will release the results of the consultation on the fur market in Great Britain?
As I said, we are considering those responses and will publish our response very soon.
What mechanisms exist to supply safe drinking water to homes without access to mains water.
Private drinking water supplies are regulated by local authorities, which receive scientific and technical advice from the Drinking Water Inspectorate.
Local authorities sample and identify water-quality risks, can serve notices to correct any issues identified and have remedial powers if those responsible for the supply do not comply with the notice.
Private water supply compliance is steadily improving.
In 2022, 96.4% of private supplies were compliant, up from 91.4% in 2010.
The nine homes of Aysdalegate near Charltons do not have access to mains water.
Over the last decade, Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council has performed drinking water checks nine times, and on all occasions, the supply has been judged unsatisfactory owing to bacterial contamination, including E.coli and enterococci.
A regulation 18 notice, which specifies that the water requires boiling before drinking, has been in  place permanently since December 2017, and residents report to me finding tadpoles and other life in their drinking water.
This is a Dickensian scandal in 2023, but Northumbrian Water has advised that it will cost these low-income homes over £100 each simply to give them a quote for mains water connection.
That is obviously unacceptable.
Will my hon.
Friend agree to meet me urgently so that we can discuss how to help my constituents?
I am sorry to hear about this issue, which my right hon.
Friend has already brought to my attention.
Our legislation does allow for those on a private supply to request a connection to the mains supply, but it is right that the legislation allows a water company to charge for the cost of making a new connection, because otherwise it would impact on all customers’ bills.
The local authority can give advice, and I urge him to keep contacting it, but if there is anything more we can discuss usefully, I would be happy to do so.
Like yourself, Mr Speaker, I am of a generation that can well remember when water came from the wells, and it was pure and clean.
Times have moved on, and we have realised that such water is not available to everyone, as  the right hon.
Member for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland (Sir Simon Clarke)  said.
I ask the Minister this question ever mindful of the discussions that she will have had: have there been any discussions between the Government and the devolved Administration in Northern Ireland to ensure that grants are available for people who need to go on to mains water and that their water is pure, as it was many years ago but is not always today?