The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increases in the cost of food production.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increases in the cost of food production.
What steps her Department is taking to help mitigate the impact of increased food production costs on (a) consumers and (b) businesses.
Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine has placed pressures on global imports and energy costs.
We have taken significant action to support British growers and to safeguard our food security.
Building on the work to invest in fertiliser supply and slurry storage, energy infrastructure and costs, the Prime Minister recently hosted the first ever UK Farm to Fork summit on productivity and sustainability, as part of maintaining the £2.4 billion budget for farming each year.
Last month, the Prime Minister said that weekly shopping bills had “gone up far too much in the past few months”.
That must be the understatement of the year.
Food inflation is at a record 45-year high.
Farmers and growers are facing higher business costs across the board, and consumers are bearing the brunt with their weekly shop.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Prime Minister to find out what they can do now for farmers, growers and producers and to protect beleaguered shoppers?
What is the plan, because what the Government are doing now ain’t working?
I think the hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we are not responsible for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which has had a significant impact on global energy prices.
The good news is that those global  energy prices are coming back to a level, and that is starting to feed back into our food supply chain.
That is why we are helping and supporting farmers, investing in new technology and investing in their businesses to make them more sustainable and more profitable going forwards so that they can continue to deliver great quality British food at a reasonable price.
The war in Ukraine has not caused the labour shortages that are causing Scottish crops to be ploughed back into the fields.
The war in Ukraine has not caused customs barriers and tariffs that mean that Scottish seafood is being left in the sea.
Brexit has caused those things.
That is why food inflation is higher in the UK than elsewhere.
When will the Government accept that?
Unfortunately, the hon.
Gentleman is misinformed.
Food prices are higher in Germany and France.
If Brexit were the issue, clearly that would not be the case.
That is why we are investing in those farmers.
We are supporting them by increasing the number of visas that are available in the seasonal agricultural worker scheme.
We are supporting those farmers to continue to produce great quality food.
Businesses, as  the hon.
Member for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady)  has said, are suffering because of the absence of labour, in fishing and, indeed, in farming in East Lothian.
Given that this has been brought about by Brexit and that the previous routes of labour have been sold off, is it not time that the Scottish Government had control over some migration visas, even of a limited timescale, as applies in south Australia and Quebec?
We have issued 45,000 possible visas on the seasonal agriculture worker scheme and we are currently nowhere near that level.
There are an extra 10,000 visas available should the industry require them.
We have not seen the necessity to trigger those extra 10,000 at this moment in time, which is because there are adequate visas available to support farmers and fishermen.