What steps she is taking to support farmers.
We are backing British farmers with £2.4 billion of investment every year.
We have recently updated our new schemes based on the feedback that farmers have given us, making them easier to apply for.
We are providing tailored business advice to all farmers.
We have cut red tape, brought in fair enforcement regimes, and helped the sector access the seasonal labour it needs.
We are looking closely at the Shropshire review that we commissioned to see how we can go further.
We are reviewing supply chain fairness in the sector and trying to unlock opportunities for genetic technologies.
I could keep going, but I will leave it there for now.
Upland farmers across Burnley and Padiham, and indeed right across Lancashire, play a huge role in keeping us fed and enhancing the local  environment.
That is why it is so important that we support them.
Can my right hon.
Friend say how recent announcements will improve support for upland farmers specifically, and will he reaffirm the commitment made in May by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State that we will move beyond income-foregone calculations when designing support schemes?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to Lancashire farmers and the efforts they make to keep us all well fed.
We are committed to ensuring that payment rates mean that as many farmers as possible can benefit from our offers, and have recently increased payment rates for upland farmers.
Through countryside stewardship-plus, we will pay farmers extra for co-ordinating their action and working with neighbouring farms and landowners to tackle climate change, as well as supporting nature gains and keeping us all well fed.
When she plans to bring forward regulations to introduce delinked payments from 2024.
The Government plan to bring forward regulations to delink payments later this year, as the parliamentary timetable allows.
Those regulations will introduce delinked payments in 2024, as planned.
Information about delinked payments can be found on gov.uk.
Delinking the legacy basic payment scheme payments from the need to have land area entitlements could be a really powerful catalyst for change.
It would free the Rural Payments Agency and farmers from the bureaucracy of the legacy scheme; remove a very difficult distortion from the land market; and, crucially, free farmers up to make decisions about what to do with their land in future.
Since farmers are making decisions about next year’s land use now, will my right hon.
Friend take this opportunity to confirm from the Dispatch Box that the delinked payments will happen next year, and that there will be no reversal of that plan?
I am happy to confirm that, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend for all the work he did to get us to this point.
Of course, we will be bringing forward the legislation to delink those payments next year.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of UK food security.
The first UK food security report, which we introduced in the Agriculture Act 2020, was published in 2021; the next one is due in 2024.
The F4 group, comprising the British Retail Consortium, the National Farmers Union, the Food and Drink Federation and UKHospitality, meets regularly and reports directly to Ministers.
We recently met representatives from the whole supply chain at the UK Farm to Fork summit in Downing Street.
I have raised access to food before with the Minister and, in particular, how surplus food and food near its use-by date can be used by organisations such as FareShare.
There is still a huge problem right across the country whereby constituents cannot afford to buy food in supermarkets, and are therefore relying on food pantries and food banks for their main shop.
To have food security, people must be able to afford food.
What more can the Minister do to resolve those issues and ensure that people are not literally starving, or in a position where they cannot afford to buy basic foodstuffs?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the huge package of support the Chancellor of the Exchequer has introduced to help families with the cost of living challenges they face.
On average, every household receives over £3,000 of support with their energy and food bills, but I am sure we can do more to help and support primary food producers, processers and retailers to make sure that we drive as much efficiency as possible into the system, in order to maintain lower food prices and help families up and down the country.