The Minister has talked a lot about support for farmers, but in reality there is a severe lack of profitability for those producing chicken.
That is causing a sharp reduction in the number of birds reared in England, while in Scotland production has changed significantly, as retailers resist demands to pay a fair price for chicken.
Will the Minister commit to extending the examination of food supply chains to poultry meat, as requested by the National Farmers Union Scotland, as the threat of empty shelves looms?
Will he also engage with retailers to ensure that poultry farmers are fairly compensated?
I was on a poultry farm yesterday talking to poultry producers.
The SNP cannot have it both ways; it cannot ask one question about suppressing prices for consumers and another about increasing the prices for farmers—those things are diametrically opposed.
What we are doing as a Department is supporting those farmers through the £2.4 billion-worth of subsidy, helping them to invest in new technology and talking to retailers and producers to make sure we get fairness in the supply chain, so everybody gets a fair return for their hard work.
What steps she is taking to bring forward legislative proposals to improve animal welfare.
The Government are committed to continuing to deliver on our manifesto commitments and the work we have undertaken through the action plan for animal welfare from 2021.
So far we have delivered six measures through primary legislation and four through secondary legislation.
We have also supported three private Members’ Bills, one of which, the Shark Fins Act 2023, banning the import of detached shark fins, received Royal Assent last week.
As the Minister updated the House on  25 May , we will be supporting the delivery of the measures from our manifesto during the remainder of the Parliament and we have already started with a consultation on banning primates as pets through secondary legislation.
We have had three Secretaries of State and 760 days have passed since the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals)
Bill was first introduced in this House, and we are no further forward today on banning animal fur imports, or on tackling illegal puppy and kitten smuggling, or on banning foie gras.
The former DEFRA Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (George Eustice) , said the Bill did not go ahead due to “a lack of resolve to take it through.”
How long must animals suffer the consequences of this Tory psychodrama, and when will animal welfare finally be prioritised in this place?
The hon.
Gentleman must be living in a parallel universe.
There is no doubt that many measures have been undertaken to improve animal welfare.
One thing I would say is that there have not been any live exports of animals since 2021, and we still have legislation ready to go.
We have already set out our approach.
Of course he will be aware that it is already illegal to smuggle pets, and some of the legislation we were working on was to try to make it more challenging for criminals who abuse pets as well.