The Minister spoke of modernising passengers’ experience of railways.
Having visited, he will know that Luton station is not fit for purpose and that the ticket office is integral to the upper level walk-through from the town centre to High Town.
Any closure of the ticket office will pose risks to the security and safety of staff and passengers.
Crucially,  can the Minister assure me that the proposed closure of ticket offices will not be used as a reason to delay, decrease or halt refurbishment of stations that are in need of renovation in the future, such as Luton station?
I have stood at the Dispatch Box and assured the hon.
Lady that the maintenance improvements for Luton station will start in August and will be delivered by the beginning of next year.
I can give her that assurance.
This programme is completely separate and does not have any knock-on effects regarding the Access for All programme, through which 400 stations will have been given step-free access by next year.
As part of the process for the programme, passengers will have a three-week period during which they can provide their views on individual stations, so they can give their views on Luton station.
There will then be a 35-day period during which passenger groups will assess what they have seen, and they can work with train operators on issues with which they are uncomfortable, perhaps for reasons of meeting accessibility needs.
Finally, the Secretary of State will determine matters, if the two parties cannot agree.
So there is a process in place to ensure that every station meets its requirements, which they must do from an accessibility perspective.
None of that changes through this mechanism.
Ten per cent of ticket sales is still an awful lot of ticket sales.
In this process, I hope that people who choose or need to buy their tickets from a ticket office will not suffer from the tyranny of the majority who choose not to, and that their interests will be properly protected throughout.
Will the Minister assure me that those people who want to pay for their tickets using cash will still be able to do so?
To me, banning people from using cash to buy tickets would be completely unacceptable.
I think I see the Beatles analogy, because there is a ticket to ride process—[Interruption.]
Okay, that was it.
That process is available to anybody who wishes to pay cash.
For example, if my hon.
Friend looks at the Northern Trains website, he will see that there is a whole feature explaining how cash can still be used.
The machines should take cash.
In the event that they do not, there is a process for passengers to purchase a ticket on the train without fear of a penalty.
So yes, cash can still be used in the machines.