The Minister is clearly on Southeastern time.
That is why he was late getting the analogy.
He said that just 10% of tickets are sold over the counter, but that does not explain who are using the ticket offices and what alternative arrangements he is going to make for them.
Southeastern has announced 40 ticket office closures, 35 of which are in south-east London—that is 35 in south-east London.
That is an outrage.
One in my constituency has closed, but all the ones around my constituency are closing as well.
What will he do to ensure that these people not only keep their jobs once they are moved out from behind the glass, but are not moved from being redeployed to redundancy?
And what will he do about the 10% who rely on ticket offices?
I say respectfully to the hon.
Member that Southeastern has had its best performance in six years.
He stood in this place in January rightly saying that changes in the December timetable had led to higher cancellation rates.
Those rates have gone down from 13% to 1.6%.
Southeastern was one of the best operators in terms of performance.
That was all down to the staff, but never has he stood up to thank the staff for turning things around and working so hard.
He should not think they are his friends when they have to listen to him going on and giving misinformation about the situation.
He has also got Southeastern’s consultation wrong.
Southeastern is doing its part in stages.
The first part is on the Metro, so it is London TravelWatch that will deal with the responses.
It will then roll out the changes to the rest of the network.
He knows that, because it was on an email sent to him.
I pay tribute to and thank people such as Vinnie at Chislehurst station who was actually very busy when I came through this morning to get my rather late running Southeastern train—but we will leave that on one side.
Does the Minister accept that 21 days is a very short period for such an important consultation?
Secondly, one of the stations named—Sundridge Park—does not have step-free access to both platforms.
It is staff currently in the ticket office who help people get on the trains: they put up the ramps and help passengers to negotiate the steps.
Will he give an undertaking that no staff will be removed until cast iron arrangements are in place for somebody to be in attendance on those stations to assist people throughout all the hours that a station is operating?
The changes mean that some staff may be best deployed on the platforms, because that is where they are seeing most of the passengers and some of them need their help.
There may be other situations where it makes more sense for that member of staff to be near where they are currently positioned because of the design of the station.
The idea is that each station is looked at, so that when a member of the public decides to fill in the consultation, they will get a dropdown, which will locate the station in which they are interested and then they can provide their comments.
The passenger groups will then look to see whether what is proposed will work.
If it does not, that is a different matter.
I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that the train operators and the passenger groups will make their determinations on a case-by-case basis.
Where things do not make sense, those changes will not just be put through to make for a worse experience.
The announced closure of 45 railway ticket offices across Greater Manchester, including at Levenshulme and Gorton stations, will be to the detriment of my constituents who depend on them.
Just when we should be encouraging travel by rail to reduce our carbon footprint, this measure will push people away from our great British railways.
We should be trying to make train travel easier, cheaper and more accessible, so why are the Government acting against the interests of the public?
I re-emphasise that the aim of these measures is to redeploy staff who are currently underutilised and who are not seeing the passengers that they used to  because passenger habits have changed.
Those staff will be freed up to work in other areas where they can not only sell the ticket to the passenger, but also help them with information and cater for any particular accessibility needs on the platform.
This is all about making for a better passenger experience.
All I can say to the hon.
Member is that he has the consultation and he should complete it.
He will find that things such as this happen in all walks of life and in train stations as well.
Manchester has looked at using ticketless travel.
Tyne & Wear Metro has just done this and London Underground has done it for years.
It actually works and it gives a better passenger experience and that is what I am determined to see the train operators deliver through this change.
I have huge concerns about these plans.
As the Minister knows, my hard-pressed constituents trying to get to work, college or university from Marsden or Slaithwaite stations and transiting through Huddersfield still face huge disruption on the TransPennine route.
When the computer says no, does he not agree that the best way for them to get advice on ticketing, refunds, alternative routes and when the next train is coming is by speaking to fully trained staff in ticket offices?
If I give my station as an example, we have one member of staff, who is in a ticket office.
Most people already have their tickets, for the reasons I have given; only one in 10 buy them from the ticket office.
They access the platform through a gate and do not see any members of staff.
If there are delays and problems, it is better for passengers to be alongside the member of staff on the platform to get that information, rather than trying to find them behind glass.
There is a problem with the Minister’s point about looking to the future.
Back in 2021, Transport for the North, of which I was a board member at the time, was forced to abandon its integrated smart ticketing programme after the Government pulled the funding.
I am sure the Minister will remember that from his time on the Select Committee.
That work would have helped to digitise transport and create multi-modal, multi-operator pay-as-you-go travel on rail, light rail and bus.
We thought it was a deeply flawed decision at the time, and recent events have shown that to be the case.
Will he work with TfN and others to see whether any of that work can be reinstated?
I have the greatest respect for the hon.
Member and I will certainly look at what more can be done.
We are keen to roll out more pay-as-you-go.
There will be 400 stations by the end of the year that will have pay-as-you-go in place, where people can tap in and out.
That tends to be the future, as we see with London Underground.
Those pilots are in place for the end of the year in the west midlands and Manchester.
I recognise that does not cover the area he mentions, and I am happy to work with him to see what more can be done.
Coming back to London Underground, this system has been in place for some years.
London Underground does not have staff behind ticket office counters, and I believe it works well.
It has freed those staff to come out into the station area as a whole, where they can give much better advice and understanding to passengers.
It works really well, and that is why, I believe, no Labour Mayor has asked for it to be reinstated.
Residents in Swindon had a taste of things to come yesterday, when the ticket office was closed and people were queueing out of the door to use the wholly inadequate machines at the station.
The wi-fi was unreliable as well.
If we are to proceed with this significant change, the technology available to customers must be significantly better and we need to avoid a situation where elderly customers who come to pick up an advance ticket have nobody to help them.
Will the Minister do everything he can, working with the rail authorities, to ensure that residents do not face—to quote the Beatles again—a “Magical Mystery Tour” when they come to Swindon station?
I will certainly do so, with my right hon.
and learned Friend, and I will share a bit of experience that led me to want more in this direction.
I need to get a weekly travel card, but I could not get it online because it was not available.
I went to the station but did not have a photo with me.
I asked, “Why is it the case that we still need a photo when that weekly travel card is less than an Avanti single?”
I was told, “That’s the way it has been on the railway for 40 years.
That’s why we do it.”
That is not good enough.
I have mobility, so I can walk up to Charing Cross to make that transaction —or not make it—and then leave, but for others who do not, it does not work for them at all.
I can give him the assurance that alongside this programme is a strong exercise to make all products accessible from machines and online; 99% are already accessible, but we need to get the full suite of products so that people do not have to queue in the manner he has just described.
Although these station office closures are in England, they have implications for Scottish passengers.
Many in my constituency, myself included—never mind those in the Borders and elsewhere in southern Scotland—access services through stations in northern England, in Berwick and elsewhere.
That is not just a matter of choice, but often a matter of necessity; it is required because of the pan-UK services timetabling from LNER, TPE or CrossCountry, all of which are signed off by the DFT.
What discussions are taking place with the Scottish Government or with Scottish passenger representatives to ensure that the rights of those north of the border who are impacted by this change will be protected?
I will be looking to speak to the Scottish Executive.
In Scotland, similar proposals have, as I understand it, been rolled out to a number of ticket stations by ScotRail.
I want to assess whether that was a mandate from the Executive.
I will certainly be having a chat with them to see what lessons can be learned, given that Scotland appears to have gone before England in that regard.
May I take this opportunity to welcome the extension of contactless payments to Berkhamsted and Tring in South West Hertfordshire?
I declare an interest as a local commuter from one of those stations.
Although this initiative on rail ticket offices will, in my eyes, help more travellers, can my hon.
Friend reassure the House that additional support will remain for those who require help, such as the elderly and the disabled?
Yes, I can.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his points.
I know that he has busy stations and will want to ensure that his constituents are looked after.
The very first meeting that I had when we were looking at the train operators’ proposals was with disability and access groups and age concern groups.
I wanted to work with them—I still do—to find out what individual characteristics of the design may work for some but not for others.
I can give him the assurance that we will continue to support those who have the greatest vulnerabilities.
I firmly believe that taking people out from behind glass and putting them into areas where they can be best accessed will mean that they will be able to give passengers the greatest help, making for a better rail experience.