The Transport Committee is conducting an inquiry into accessible transport.
We have received alarming evidence that the quality and range of assistance to vulnerable passengers has declined markedly since the pandemic.
If the redeployment of staff is to be meaningful, it is essential that the new roles and training are designed with the support of campaign groups for vulnerable people.
Will my hon.
Friend assure me that that will happen?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
The very first discussions I had with any groups about these changes were with those groups that represent passengers with accessibility and mobility issues on the railway.
I told them that I am keen to work with them to help to ensure that these proposals are designed such that they work for each group with different characteristics.
I will be looking to meet them again to ensure that that occurs.
At 9.30 am, the Office of Rail and Road issued its rail passenger assistance bookings update for the latest year, which shows that passenger assists increased by 68% compared with the previous year.
That demonstrates that more help is needed at stations for people with accessibility needs.
Again, by freeing people who are currently under-utilised in the ticket office and putting them on to the platforms to give help and guidance, we will help those who need it the most.
That is at the forefront of everything that the train operators are looking to do with these proposals.
In May 2021, there was a partial collapse at Northwich station—it was the ticket office.
It is being rebuilt as we speak and there is an investigation into the collapse.
I am now told by the Minister and the Secretary of State that it is incredibly likely—it seems a foregone conclusion—that the ticket office will never reopen.
Disabled and elderly people already struggle accessing the station, but they will struggle even more without staff.
This is a folly.
The Minister needs to think again.
It is not the ticket office but the expert people in it who assist passengers.
With these proposals, the train operators are looking to free up people from behind the glass, often in parts of the station that passengers do not access, to help them to use their skills to get tickets sold at ticket machines and to advise people on how to purchase online, so they can do that in future, and thereafter to help them with the entire passenger journey experience, giving them information and making them feel more reassured.
These roll-outs have occurred across other parts of the network.
London Underground did this some years ago, and I do not believe the current Labour Mayor of London has any plans to turn it round because it actually works.
It gives a better passenger experience.
People can either live in the past or look towards the future.
The way in which passengers transact across a whole range of services is exactly the same, and we are keen to see the railways modernise and thrive.
Many of my constituents write to me about overcrowding, on an almost daily basis, particularly on Chiltern Railways.
No one has  ever written to me about ticket office provision.
Sympathetic as I am to the argument for ensuring staff come out from behind the counter to assist people directly on platforms and around the station, how will this solve the demands of passengers, which we are probably all seeing in our inboxes on a day-to-day basis, in relation to rush-hour capacity and weekend capacity?
Chiltern Railways, for example, is looking to expand coverage at High Wycombe.
By redeploying staff, it can get more staff on to the platforms.
This is an example of where my hon.
Friend’s passengers will benefit because train operators can flex staff to provide more coverage, which makes people feel more reassured.
Again, as hon.
and right hon.
Members look at the details and engage with the consultation, they may find their constituents are getting a wider range of services over a wider range of hours than they currently receive.
As a booking and ticket clerk on the underground back in the 1970s, trust me: I know ticketing is now easier.
I still use the buses and the underground every day, so I am familiar with the scenes at stations in the mornings and evenings.
However, more screens and more opportunities for things to go wrong are not the answer to every problem.
Does the Minister know how many ticket machines fail every day?
These machines will make it harder, not easier, to buy tickets.
It will be harder, not easier, to secure refunds.
It will be harder, not easier, to apply for rail cards.
Who uses booking office clerks?
Disabled people, the elderly and people with language problems or difficulty understanding how to use the ticket machine.
Will he give the green light for the RDG to change track and scrap this train wreck of a proposal?
There are 979 regulated, operated stations, but 43% of all stations currently do not have any ticket office facility at all, and people are still able to use those stations to access trains.
Ninety-nine per cent of transactions can be completed either online or via a machine.
In the event that a machine is not working and there are no staff—a lot of stations, like my own, are staffed for only half the day—a ticket to ride can be acquired and then a ticket can be purchased at the end of a journey.
Again, these processes are already in place for those stations with no ticket office.
We have those blocks to build on.
I do not think the Minister should plug The Beatles in that way.
Many people using stations such as Stoke-on-Trent station are infrequent travellers, and many are vulnerable or elderly and need support to buy a ticket.
Can the Minister assure me that there will always be someone at Stoke-on-Trent station to provide a paper ticket to those without digital skills?
There are no plans to replace paper tickets through the train operators’ process.
Again, the aim is to ensure that ticket office staff are freed up and on the platform to sell the tickets and help passengers to purchase them at the machines or online.
The hope is that, thereafter, those passengers will be able to book  for themselves with confidence, without needing to use that service.
Those staff will also be available at Stoke-on-Trent to provide other services and information: more customer services.
This is the exact way in which our rail passengers transact across the retail and financial space, which is why it is the right approach for the railways.
My constituents who use Cross Gates station and people across the country will be worried about this proposal, because closing ticket offices is yet another example of private profit being put before the public good in our railways.
This move is really about gutting railways of station staff, who have a big impact on passenger accessibility and safety, especially for older and disabled people.
Does the Minister really believe that this will make the railways more welcoming for people—or does that not matter?
If we like seeing station staff when we access our journey and like the fact that we will be seeing more of them because they will be freed up, then I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
Rather than gutting the railways, this Government, and indeed the taxpayer, have provided £41 billion of support since the pandemic.
That does not sound like gutting the railways to me.
I truly believe that we will end up with a better station experience, one that better reflects modern usage, which is why we are happy to support the train operators with these proposals.
As I say, 10% of transactions are purchased across the ticket office counter—10 years ago, it was one in three.
The railway is adapting to the manner in which consumers have changed their habits.
Disabled, elderly and other vulnerable passengers have been troubled by today’s announcements, but does the Minister share my weary exasperation at the fact that people do not understand that the best way to help disabled and elderly passengers is for staff to come out from behind their screens to assist them in using a ticket machine, to help them on and off trains, and to help them to move around the station?
Does he agree that for more than a decade Ministers have sought to improve services for passengers on the stations but have been blocked at every turn?
Does he not see an opportunity to improve accessibility on our rail network here?
It should be welcomed, not rejected.
My hon.
Friend speaks with experience, having done this role himself, and he is absolutely right in what he says.
I find it patronising to be told constantly that those who have disabilities or those who are elderly cannot access things online and cannot do this.
That  is not the case at all.
At the moment, we do not have enough products online, and, as part of this process, I have been pushing to ensure that we have more online.
It will mean that people do not have to go to the station beforehand to pick up a travelcard because they need a photo that they have to take.
The idea is that this move should make things better for those who have accessibility and mobility challenges, not just in putting more tickets online and into a place where they can buy them from the comfort of their own home and phone, but in making sure they have more help at the station.
So I thank him for the points he makes; he speaks with expertise.
The Government have overseen the largest increase in rail fees.
My constituents must deal with frequent delays and cancellations, and now people in Bath and across Somerset face losing their ticket offices.
Bath is a world heritage site that has a large number of visitors.
Foreign visitors, in particular, find getting through apps and ticketing machines bewildering; they depend on the ticket offices.
It more important than ever now to attract people on to public transport, so will the Minister explain why my constituents, and the many visitors to Bath who would otherwise come by coach, should feel confident that train journeys will be more reliable, cheaper and more attractive than driving?
It is because we want to give that better customer experience, so that more passengers are seeing more staff at the stations to help them with information, make them feel more secure and welcome, help them purchase a ticket, and do so in a manner where those passengers are used to transacting across the space.
I very much hope the hon.
Lady will see a better staff experience as a result and therefore even more people will be attracted on to rail.
My hon.
Friend is a good Minister and a good friend, but I think even he knows he has a tough gig this morning.
To use his Beatles analogy, can he not just let it be?
I queue up at my ticket office every Monday morning.
There is always a queue of people wanting route advice, people with disabilities who cannot use the machines and people wanting refunds.
I have to queue because I have an open flexible ticket, as many Members do, that I cannot get from the machine.
Will roving members of staff be subject to statutory regulation?
At the moment, ticket office staff are the only staff subject to statutory regulation, so I might not even be able to find a roving member of staff to take me to the machine, to request a ticket that the machine will not give me.
It is not going to work, is it?
The Beatles analogy rather flew past me, I am afraid.
Let me repeat the statistic to my hon.
Friend: 99% of all tickets can be purchased from a ticket machine or online.
In terms of the 1% we need to work on, I have asked the industry and officials to speed up the process, so that more tickets can be purchased in that manner and ticket machines can be changed so that that can occur.
I seek to work with my hon.
Friend to convince him that that is the right approach.
As the former Chair of the Transport Committee and having spent all my time on transport since I became a Member, I would not be making this statement if I did not believe this was the right thing for the railway and for passengers.
That matters to me hugely.
I am not a stooge; I do this because I think this is the right thing to do, it will create a better passenger experience and it guarantees our future in rail.