Yes; the way in which the ticketing and settlement agreement process works means that anyone can access it online, but they can also write.
Details will be available at stations, and indeed online, explaining how people can write through to make their points about their stations.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for meeting me and for doing so in a constructive manner whereby he was able to give me examples of his concerns, including tickets not being available within 15 minutes of travel.
I have taken that point away because it forms part of the catalogue of changes that I want to see—the remaining 1% of tickets that cannot be purchased for that reason should be reduced towards 0%.
I invite all right hon.
and hon.
Members who can give other examples to get in contact with me as well, because I will take those problems away and look at getting them fixed.
The hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  was right: sometimes it is just too complicated to purchase a ticket without using a ticket office.
I recently had that experience, and buying my ticket from the ticket office was £50 cheaper than if I had purchased it from the machine.
I am afraid that the Beatles analogy he started is right: he’s got a ticket to ride, and he don’t care.
I was not even aware that I had started a Beatles analogy.
Actually, this is more important than joking about music; this is about reassuring passengers that we can deliver a better experience but also an experience that they are very familiar with, in terms of the other transactions they make across the retail space.
More and more people are doing that online, and they start doing it online by being taught how to do it.
The idea is that ticketing staff who are currently behind glass, not seeing those passengers, will help to deliver that and ensure that those passengers have a better experience and do not need to queue up next time, because they can do it in a seamless manner.
Where that operation does not exist because of the machine, we are looking to upgrade.
I will take any examples he has, to ensure that passengers get the best price but can do it online or via a machine.
Staff at Kettering railway station are superb; they are friendly, polite, efficient and dedicated to simply outstanding customer service.
Given that Kettering is one of the stations potentially affected, will the Rail Minister encourage rail passengers in Kettering to take part in the public consultation promoted by East Midlands Railway?
Can he confirm that if the changes go through, a passenger who turns up at Kettering railway station with cash to buy a ticket will be able to do so?
Yes, I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that cash purchases would remain across the network.
If there is a machine that is not working for cash, passengers can enter the train, safe in the knowledge that they can then purchase their ticket on the train or at the end of their journey.
There are a number of stations that are not part of the current consultation, and they will tend to be the end point where passengers will find a busier station.
I can absolutely give him that assurance.
My hon.
Friend mentioned the staff.
We are looking at the ticket office as a place that people are not accessing any more, but the ticketing staff are brilliant.
All we want to do is utilise them more, so that they can see more people and use their expertise.
Passengers want their ticket office staff to be more accessible, so that they can gain that expertise, and that is exactly why we want to put them in the places where the passengers are.
I am a bit worried.
The Minister keeps saying that staff are not utilised and that people are not accessing ticket offices.
I can tell him that in Hull last year, nearly 180,000 tickets were sold from the ticket office—that is one ticket every 1.6 minutes.
We have gone through years of bad management with TransPennine at Hull Paragon station.
This looks like another downgrading of facilities for passengers.
We have heard about the effect it will have on the elderly, the disabled and the vulnerable.
Can the Minister just for once put the travelling public first?
I am putting the travelling public first when I make these points.
What the right hon.
Lady and others cannot deny, despite saying it cannot be believed, is that 10 years ago one in three tickets was sold across the ticket office counter, because people were not purchasing as much online or through machines.
Now it is 10%.
That demonstrates that ticket office staff are not being utilised fully.
We want to utilise them in a better manner.
Redeploying staff where they are not as busy as they were and could be better utilised and have a more rewarding job is what happens across the retail sector.
The railways should be no different.
Anyone who has experienced the long queues from the machines and the ticket office at my local train station of Leigh-on-Sea—sometimes it goes out of the office and around the block—on a Monday morning, and sometimes on a Saturday, will know why I have been campaigning for contactless ticketing to be extended to Leigh-on-Sea and Chalkwell stations ever since I arrived in this place.
As such, I am personally delighted; however, innovation must never be used as an excuse to exclude any of my constituents or deliver a worse service.
The blind and partially sighted, such as the wonderful Jill Allen-King OBE, cannot access the touchscreen ticket machines and need a person to help them buy that ticket, but that person does not need to be behind glass.
Can the Minister assure me that there will always be somebody available at Leigh-on-Sea and Chalkwell ticket stations to help the blind and partially sighted, the elderly, and anyone else who needs help?
Yes—any currently staffed station will not become unstaffed as a result of these changes.
As I have said, 43% of stations do not have ticket office staff, but if the stations that my hon.
Friend has mentioned are currently staffed, they will not become unstaffed.