Could the Attorney General keep going for another 30 seconds?
I could keep going on Ukraine almost forever, Mr Speaker.
What else shall I talk about?
What a delight!
I could talk about Ukraine all day.
There is another large piece of work on compensation that we are undertaking with our international partners— Well done!
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if he will make a statement on plans to close rail ticket offices.
I am answering the urgent question on behalf of the Secretary of State, who is currently involved in this process, so it is appropriate for me to respond.
There has been a huge shift in the way in which passengers purchase tickets at railway stations, with about one in every 10 transactions taking place in ticket offices in 2022-23.
That is down from one in three a decade earlier and equates to 13% of rail revenue.
Despite this, our stations have hardly changed in the past 10 years, which means that staff are constrained to work in ticket offices, although they could serve passengers better on station platforms and concourses.
I am pleased that the rail industry has launched consultations on the future of ticket offices under the ticketing and settlement agreement process, which will give the public an opportunity to scrutinise the train operating companies’ proposals to ensure that they work in the best possible way for passengers.
These changes are about modernising the passenger experience by moving staff out of ticket offices to be more visible and accessible around the station.
Crucially, no currently staffed stations will be unstaffed as a result of this reform—staff will still be there to provide assistance and additional support for those who need and want it—and the new approach will take into consideration the potential impact on individuals with protected characteristics.
It is of course vital that our railway is accessible to all
and I have engaged directly with accessibility groups and will continue to do so.
This is an industry process, so I encourage Members and their constituents to engage with their local train operators to find out more about the proposals for their local stations.
If passengers want to raise any views, they can contact the relevant passenger body.
I believe that the industry’s proposed reforms could enable staff to provide a more flexible, agile and personal service, creating the modern experience that people expect.
Yesterday, the Rail Delivery Group confirmed plans to close hundreds of rail ticket offices across the country but, this morning, as is usual when difficult decisions are made, the Secretary of State was nowhere to be seen.
This announcement, driven every inch of the way by his Department—not the industry, as the Minister claimed—has caused huge anxiety to vulnerable and disabled passengers and rail staff up and down the country; and how long have people been given to respond to these hugely consequential plans?
Just 21 days.
This is a massive change to the network, affecting more than 150 million rail journeys a year and hitting elderly and disabled passengers the hardest, and they have been given only three weeks to have their say.
Why does the Minister not just admit that this consultation has nothing to do with taking on board their concerns?
It is a rubber stamp for a decision that he has already made, with the most vulnerable cut out altogether.
Can the Minister give any reassurance to vulnerable passengers who rely on staff in railway stations to help them to purchase tickets and board trains?
Why has he not published equality impact assessments alongside these consultations?
Given that he claims the solution is modernisation and digital ticketing, does he know how many stations do not currently have tap-in or barcode capability?
What assessment has he made of the impact on revenue for our rail industry?
Will he admit that this process is merely a prelude to job losses that will mean far fewer staff to serve the travelling public, and the continued managed decline of our railways?
We know what this is really about.
It is not about reforming our railways; the Government have already ditched plans for Great British Railways.
It is not about modernisation; the Department has already confirmed that the contactless ticketing roll-out is limited to London and the south-east.
This is about one thing and one thing only: the Conservatives crashed the economy and now they are asking for more self-defeating cuts on our declining railways.
On the Minister’s watch, our rail services are already being run into the ground, with cancellations at record highs, basic services such as wi-fi being taken away and legislation to reform the network on the scrapheap.
Will he simply acknowledge that the Conservatives cannot fix the railways because they broke them in the first place?
Let me give a little more detail on the Secretary of State’s role in the ticketing and settlement agreement, which has been in place not just under Conservative Administrations, but under the last Labour Administration.
The Secretary of State is required to make a determination where the train operators and the passenger groups cannot reach an agreement.
That makes it entirely right for him not to be here to respond to the urgent question.
The hon.
Lady mentioned job losses.
First and foremost, this is all about taking expert ticketing staff into the parts of the station where currently they are not seen.
If only 10% of tickets are sold across the ticket counter, crudely, that means that 90% of passengers are not accessing that member of staff.
The idea is to take the member of staff on to the platform to help passengers to purchase tickets via a ticketing machine or online.
Ninety-nine per cent of tickets can be purchased in that manner, so there is no reason why this will not be an improvement.
In the event that there are some staff who do not wish to make the transition, of course, the train operators will need to look at that.
The sad reality is that there is an offer on the table that would guarantee no compulsory redundancies up to December 2024, but the union leaders refused to put that offer to their members.
If there is any concern about the impact on jobs, the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers and those it backs financially might wish to take some responsibility for that.
The hon.
Lady talked about pay-as-you-go being rolled out only to the south-east.
The devolution deals that have been announced will enable the roll-out of pilots by the Mayors of the West Midlands and Manchester by the end of this year.
She also talked about wi-fi being taken away, but that is not the case either.
We are looking for each train operator to do research to show how much the wi-fi is used, how helpful it is and what more can be done.