In January, it was found that the Access to Work backlog had trebled since February 2020, rising to more than 25,000.
In June, the Minister claimed additional resource was being put into Access to Work.
Will he inform the House exactly how many additional staff are working to clear the backlog and when he expects it to return to pre-pandemic levels?
His Government say that they want to get more people into work, yet disabled people are missing out on jobs because of unacceptable delays at the DWP.
For the House’s benefit, let me provide the full-time equivalent staffing levels in the Access to Work team a full six months ago and once the staff at Bradford have moved to Access to Work.
The figure stood at 375.22 full-time equivalents in March 2023, and at 462.84 on  4 September 2023 .
That figure is expected to stand at 530.41 full-time equivalents by the end of October 2023 with the additional staff moving to the Access to Work team in Bradford.
I direct the hon.
Lady’s attention again to the figure from last week that 88% of claims were paid within 10 days.
This is a priority for me as the Minister for Disabled People and for the Department as a whole.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the two-child limit on trends in the level of child poverty.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the two-child limit on trends in the level of child poverty.
The Government’s firm belief is that the best route out of poverty is through work.
In the most recent statistics—in 2021-22—there were 400,000 fewer children living in absolute poverty after housing costs than in 2009-10.
A recent study by the University of York found that the two-child limit and the benefit cap had contributed to rising child poverty, which, allied to wider benefit cuts, had impacted larger families disproportionately.
Given the growing weight of evidence that families are being pushed further into hardship, will the Government finally acknowledge the real harm that their cruel and callous welfare policies are causing, and reverse them?
Families on benefits should face the same financial choices when deciding to grow their family as those supporting themselves solely through work.
A benefit structure adjusting automatically to family size is unsustainable.
A report by the Child Poverty Action Group showed that the two-child limit affects one in 10 children across the UK.
It found that abolishing the policy would be the most cost-effective action that the Government could take to reduce child poverty.
Why will the Minister not take that action?
Is child poverty so low on his priority list that he has not considered it, or did he consider it and then decide that vulnerable children just are not worth it?
The Government are committed to a sustainable long-term approach to tackling poverty and supporting people on low incomes.
We will spend around £276 billion through the welfare system in 2023-24, including around £124 billion on people of working age and children.