PSNI officers face significant physical risks, but they also face significant reputational and relationship risk when they are revealed to be members of the PSNI.
The Catholic Police Officers Guild and the Police Federation for Northern Ireland have done brilliant work over the past few weeks.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that he is engaging with those organisations as the Government seek to support the impact of the breach?
I have not yet spoken to the Catholic Police Officers Guild personally, but my officials have done so on a number of occasions and I am very happy to do so.
Initially, we were receiving high-level briefings from the chief constable and his senior management team, and, as I mentioned, the Cabinet Office committee that was set up was receiving and imparting information at an officer level.
We are at the beginning of the process, so there is still a very long way to go.
The PSNI will have to reflect on today’s news of the chief constable’s resignation.
There is a lot more for the Government and the Secretary of State to do in this space, and I fully recognise that.
I think that Simon Byrne has made absolutely the right decision in resigning today, given everything that has happened in recent weeks.
However, there is a much deeper and more significant problem than just one individual, and it is one about which we have been warning for years: the real crisis in the recruitment and retention of Catholic PSNI officers and staff.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the best way of dealing with that crisis is to bring back 50:50 recruitment?
During a conversation I had with the hon.
Gentleman last week, he talked about the Patten reforms and 50:50 recruitment, and said it had been a backward step to depart from that point.
I am a great believer in the original principle of policing, in Peelism, whereby a police force reflects the community that it polices.
That is how it gains its confidence.
I may be mistaken, but I think I was briefed recently that there had been good levels of recruitment to the PSNI from Catholic communities, but situations such as the one we are discussing today damage the prospects of that continuing, and it is our job—the job of all of us—to ensure that that does not happen.
If anyone was in any doubt about the particularly difficult and sensitive role played by police officers in Northern Ireland, they should not be in any doubt now following this appalling incident.
Has my right hon.
Friend been satisfied thus far that within the PSNI, suitable measures have already been taken to ensure that freedom of information and subject access requests are dealt with by people of sufficient seniority, and that there is vetting and double-checking of information before it is disclosed into the public domain?