As inflation rises, being able to top up pension contributions is vital for many part-time workers, who would otherwise not be able to claim the full state pension.
However, a Daily Mail investigation showed that the Government are failing to accurately record people’s top-up contributions.
Pensioners are terrified that their money has simply disappeared, so when will the Government get a grip of this terrible problem?
When will Ministers show that they understand the pressure on families and pensioners due to the cost of living crisis?
With the comprehensive package of support I have talked about today, we have shown that we are taking action during the cost of living crisis to help pensioners as much as we can.
We know that accuracy is the most important thing when it comes to the state pension, which is why we have taken action very quickly to correct issues where they have occurred, for example, with LEAP—the legal entitlement and administrative practices exercise.
We will do the same in all such cases.
What steps he is taking to increase employment in Essex.
I know that my right hon.
Friend is a champion for job creation in Essex, where our jobcentres are working with a range of employers and partners to address recruitment on an ongoing basis.
For example, last Wednesday, Essex jobcentres hosted a recruitment event at Stansted airport to match constituents of hers, and of my right hon.
Friends the Members for Saffron Walden (Kemi Badenoch) and for Braintree (James Cleverly), and of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince) , to dozens of catering, hospitality and logistics-based jobs.
Essex is a powerhouse on jobs and employment, but there is always more to do and businesses are saying that they are finding barriers to creating more jobs.
Will the Minister give an update on how he is working across government to create a labour market strategy to help enable businesses to recruit, to lower taxes and burdens for businesses, and, in particular, to make it easier for small businesses in counties such as Essex to start employing more people and to recruit?
I endorse pretty much everything that my right hon.
Friend says.
Clearly, we are working with other Departments to ensure that we are doing everything possible to address recruitment.
For example, on a recent visit I saw the T-levels being pioneered at South Essex College; I have seen the apprenticeships that are being driven forward locally; and, recently, in Witham, the “midlife MOT” took place in the middle of last month to address older workers.
However, there is more to do and we are certainly trying to do it across Departments.
In Essex, as in many other parts of the UK, the number of people off work because of chronic illness is significantly higher now than it was before the pandemic.
Forcing sick people into work is not an appropriate way of dealing with that, so will the Minister confirm that work capability assessments will be reasonable and will consider all aspects of the individual’s life in assessing whether they really are fit for work?
The hon.
Lady’s constituency is a long way from Essex, Mr Speaker!
She will, however, be aware that over 1 million more disabled people are in work and that the WCA will continue on an ongoing basis until there is reform.
What steps his Department is taking to increase the number of eligible people claiming pension credit.
The DWP has conducted an extensive campaign across TV, radio and social media, and with partner organisations, to boost pension credit take-up, with a number of pushes being made before  cost of living payment deadlines.
I am pleased to tell the House that that is working; applications were up by 75% in the year to May.
One of my Chelmsford constituents sent me a message that has been circulating recently.
It suggests that asylum seekers are entitled to receive more in benefits than pensioners; I believe that is not accurate.
For the record, will the Minister confirm what support is available for pensioners, compared with that for asylum seekers?
Let me reassure my right hon.
Friend and her constituents that asylum seekers are given no recourse to public funds.
They are given payment for their food and shelter, but they are unable to claim benefits.
Pensioners in her constituency will receive a state pension, if they qualify, which for the first time is worth on average more than £200 per week or over £10,000 a year.
Pensioners who have not built up sufficient contributions may be eligible for pension credits, worth on average £3,500 per year, to top up their income.
They are also eligible to receive the cost of living payment, if they ever receive pension credit, and the pensioner cost of living payment.
Over the summer, I held events in villages across Wyre in my constituency.
I was approached by many pensioners who are suffering because of the cost of living crisis; pension credit is just not plugging the gap.
At my “Chat with Cat” event in Pilling, a constituent asked me why 400,000 more pensioners are living in poverty than when Labour left office.
Will the Minister answer that question?
There are 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty than when Labour left office.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the assessment process for personal independence payments.
Assessments play an important part in ensuring people get the right entitlement.
It is the claimant’s chance to give all the information needed to help make the right decision.
The assessment, which measures the impact of a health condition on a person’s ability to live independently, is kept under review; I am sure the hon.
Lady is familiar with the tests and trials set out in the White Paper.