The Minister will know that one challenge with PIP is how to accurately assess fluctuating conditions.
More than half a million people in the UK are living with Crohn’s disease or colitis, but fewer than 3% are in receipt of PIP.
Past applicants have said that while fatigue is the most disabling symptom, they feel that that is the least represented symptom in their assessments.
[Interruption.]
Would the Minister consider introducing a fatigue rating  scale to PIP assessments to more effectively capture what is, for many, the most debilitating component of their condition?
Minister, the reason I was coughing was that the question was rather long.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her interest in this issue.
Through the White Paper reforms, we have advocated for a number of tests and trials, including one that focuses specifically on better capturing fluctuating conditions.
I would be keen to have conversations with her about that.
The Government are committed to working with charities and those that are interested, including disabled people, to ensure we get those reforms right.
I agree with the importance of having a timely assessment.
Last week, a constituent raised her case with me: she filled in her renewal form nine months ago, but has been given less than two weeks’ notice for an assessment next week.
Surely we need to have assessments when the form is fresh and accurate, not nine months later?
The waiting time for PIP decisions has come down considerably in recent times, but I am not complacent about that, as we want to go further in seeing those waits reduced.
For example, being able to apply online is an important part of that journey, as well as improving interfaces and making sure people provide all the right information up front.
If we can provide better support for that, it will help us make decisions sooner, which can only be welcome.
I urge the Minister to look specifically at how PIP is assessed for those with brain injuries.
It is well known that the effect of a brain injury may vary over time—people go up and down, and many who have had a brain injury want to give a very positive impression of how they are, which gives a false impression when it comes to assessing whether they need PIP.
I am very sympathetic to the hon.
Gentleman’s point—he has been a passionate and tireless campaigner on the issue of brain injury for a long time.
These are exactly the sorts of issues that we want to look at as we take this reform forward.
I mentioned our changes around fluctuating conditions, but we also want to look at issues such as expert assessors and having specialists working with individuals to carry out the assessment to ensure a proper understanding and, hopefully, build confidence around decision making.
Our excellent, proactive Minister is no doubt testing out concepts ahead of the forthcoming White Paper.
Does that include extending the severe conditions criteria so that people with conditions such as motor neurone disease can automatically access support without the need of an assessment?
I am fortunate that my hon.
Friend was one of my predecessors as Minister for Disabled People, as he is a tireless campaigner on these issues and has done much to take the agenda forward.
On the  severe disability group, we remain committed to this work.
We have worked with an expert group of specialist health professionals to draw up a set of draft criteria.
We have started initial testing at small scale, and we are looking to scale that up as we move forward, because we want to get this right
and we think that this is a significant change.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce waiting times for Access to Work assessments.
Whether his Department plans to take steps to reduce the time taken by the decision-making process for applications to the Access to Work scheme.
Access to Work has received a significant increase in applications over the past year and has recruited new staff to meet the increased demand and reduce the time it takes to make decisions.
We are also transforming the Access to Work service through increased digitalisation that will make the service more efficient and the application process easier, and improve the time taken from application through to decision.
I think the Minister knows that the waiting times are too long for all applicants, but may I draw his attention to an event in Cambridge that I hosted earlier this year with the local jobcentre where we highlighted job opportunities for the neurodivergent community?
Will he tell us what impact these long waits have on people who are neurodivergent?
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will be pleased to know that, last week, 88% of claims were paid within 10 days and that we are taking steps to drive further improvement.
The online application capacity that came on stream in June is a significant part of that, but we are also putting additional staff on to processing claims.
We are streamlining various processes to ensure that people get access to that support sooner.
Anecdotally, officials are saying that that is beginning to bear fruit.
What we are not doing is speeding up that process at the cost of getting the right decision and the right outcome.
We will continue to move this forward, and we are already making progress.
A decade ago, the Government’s Sayce review recommended supporting 100,000 disabled people through specialist employment programmes, but, last year, Access to Work helped just 38,000, and Versus Arthritis and other organisations that support people navigate this difficult system saw a tripling in the delays.
When will the Department meet the 100,000 target and end the delays hitting disabled people, employers and the UK economy?
Like the hon.
Gentleman, I am passionate about the positive difference that Access to Work makes in terms of opening up employment opportunities for people.
He will be aware of the passports that we have introduced to help better understand people’s needs and passporting that between jobs and between, for  example, education and employment.
I refer him back to the steps that we have taken to see improvement in the journey times, but we will continue to work tirelessly to make sure that people get the Access to Work help as quickly as possible.