I agree and am determined to ensure that everyone, regardless of their background or postcode, can succeed in Bexleyheath and Crayford and beyond.
As part of the DWP youth offer, we have a youth hub serving my right hon.
Friend’s constituency, working in partnership with YouthBuild Ventures, to help young people to build their confidence with tailored wraparound support and to move into local jobs.
Degree apprenticeships are a great way for those who are socially less well off to get into employment and avoid the costs associated with getting a degree through other routes, so what steps is the Minister taking to help more people achieve that ambition?
I agree that it is key that young people get the right opportunities to progress, thrive and move into long-term sustainable work.
Apprenticeships are crucial in driving growth and social mobility.
They boost business skills and improve people’s earnings and progression opportunities.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to see a new youth hub open in Walsall shortly, and that  our work coach has been working with Walsall College on place-based tailored employability support for his area.
The biggest bar to young people finding employment in the lakes and the dales is the fact that there is nowhere affordable for them to live—average house prices are 12 times average incomes, and the long-term rented sector has collapsed into the Airbnb sector.
Will the Minister make the Lake district and the Yorkshire dales special pilot areas to ensure that the only homes we build there are affordable ones for people who will make their lives there, work and contribute to our economy, so that we do not run out of workforce?
I think we can agree on one thing: the hon.
Gentleman’s area is a very special one.
In the meantime, we have recruited at the DWP 37 progression leads who will work locally with employers and jobcentres to sort that progression and retention challenge, but I think some of his questions are for a different Department.
What steps his Department is taking to increase employment in North Devon constituency.
The Jobcentre teams in North Devon are working day and night to fill the vacancies in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
That includes inviting employers into the Jobcentre Plus each week, and having upcoming events on sector-based work academy programmes, including one that is about to happen with the NHS trust in Barnstaple.
Unemployment in North Devon is well below the national average due to the high proportion of retired people and a lack of homes those working can afford.
Businesses and the public sector alike are reporting high vacancy levels.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that we do not see further business closures because of a lack of homes that workers can afford?
I visited North Devon in April to meet my hon.
Friend and discuss those issues.
She has my full support and that of the Department in her work to ensure that we address those problems.
Clearly, those matters are being addressed on an ongoing basis by the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, but I can assure her that she has my full support.
What steps his Department is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce sickness absences in the workplace.
Sickness, and supporting those who are sick in the workplace, is an important focus for the Department, which is why we are consulting on occupational health and ensuring that more businesses take it up as something to offer their employees.
Seventeen million working days are lost every year because of negative workplace cultures and staff wellbeing.
That is partly down to bullying, which is prevalent across many workplaces.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to consider workplace cultures, particularly bullying at work, and will he meet me to discuss my bullying and respect at work Bill, which would put a recourse into law?
Like the hon.
Lady, I and my ministerial colleagues take bullying in the workplace extremely seriously.
There is no place for that in our country.
I would be very happy for her to have a meeting with the relevant DWP Minister.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the high income child benefit charge on the gender pension gap.
In April, we announced plans to address this issue by introducing a retrospective national insurance credit, which will ensure that more people—especially women—have the opportunity to obtain a full state pension.
The high income child benefit charge is potentially a scandal waiting to happen.
Currently, families have to apply for a benefit they know they are not entitled to so that the stay-at-home parent—usually the mother—gets the national insurance credits that they need for her state pension.
It is good to hear that the Government are doing something, but they need to reform the process further.
Will they agree to at least put some comms in?
I certainly had not heard of the changes in April.
I am glad that the hon.
Lady agrees with those changes.
I assure her that we will be bringing them forward as soon as we can.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I begin by welcoming my new opposite number,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , to her post?
I know she will agree that it is an honour and a privilege to be associated with this Department, whether on the Opposition Benches or the Government Benches, and the very important mission of looking after the most vulnerable, which I know we both share.
I look forward to a constructive engagement with her in the weeks and months to come.
My Department continues to focus on supporting the most vulnerable through cost of living payments, pension credit and the benefits system more generally; bearing down on fraud and error; and promoting work and, in particular—as we have been discussing—reducing economic inactivity.
Will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the recent decision on the national disability strategy, which allows us to get on and improve the lives of so many disabled people?