I was in Northern Ireland during the week after the breach, and the fact that officers continued to go out and go about their duties is a testament to them and their service.
However, it is unacceptable that the job they do remains a secret from many people, and that we somehow think this is normal in Northern Ireland 25 years after the peace process; it would not be normal in any other part of the United Kingdom, or in Ireland.
What is the Secretary of State doing with the co-guarantors of the peace process, the Irish Government, and those in the field more widely to deal with what is now clearly a crisis?
I personally agree entirely with the first part of what the hon.
Lady has said.
Policing should be much more normalised in Northern Ireland, as, indeed, life should be.
However, there is an interesting, rich and troubled history in Northern Ireland that has led us to where we are now.
What the Chief Constable did in introducing community policing means that the hon.
Lady will be able to walk around all sorts of places and have the sense of a much more normal policing experience.
I have had conversations with my Irish counterparts, although this is very much an issue that rests with the UK Government, but everyone is interested in how freedom of information requests are now dealt with.
I, too, thank Simon Byrne for his service, and join others in recognising that in the current circumstances he made the right decision in resigning, given that his position was no longer tenable.
On the issue of the data breach, can the Secretary of State assure the House that money will be no obstacle in the short run when it comes to the relocation of any officer?
There will be people, particularly those from a Catholic nationalist background who are operating in intelligence and highly sensitive security roles, who are particularly exposed, alongside everyone else who is at risk.
Can the Secretary of State assure us that there will be no barriers to ensuring their safety, which is paramount?
I must be careful about how I answer that question, because it relates very much to security matters, but I think I can say that the hon.
Gentleman is correct in assuming what he assumes.
I am heartened by the Secretary of State’s commitment to money and support for his officers, although money cannot put this right.
Ministers come and go, as do Governments, so will he also commit himself to giving regular and confidential updates to, perhaps, the Intelligence and Security Committee or the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee on the ongoing costs?
There is a danger that while there is a long-term risk for officers, short-term Government thinking can mean that support of this kind can wither on the vine.
I will happily find out the appropriate way of reporting, as the hon.
Lady suggests.
As I have said, I think this is going to have a very long tail, so the ramifications as it plays out will ripple through the system for a very long time indeed.
On behalf of my colleagues, I welcome the new shadow Secretary of State to his place.
I look forward to working with him.
I also thank his predecessor for all his efforts to engage with us.
It is important to correct a number of inaccuracies in the Secretary of State’s response.
There was no hidden table but, as is common with Excel spreadsheets, there was more than one field.
There was human error, but there were five levels of security to assess what was going out, all of which failed.
That speaks to systemic failure within the PSNI.
I welcome the resignation of the Chief Constable this afternoon
and I think it is important that collectively—politically and in society—we all work together.
I hope the Secretary of State will support us in this to instil confidence again in the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
I did not know that the hon.
Gentleman was such an expert in Excel.
I am certainly not, so I am happy to be corrected by him on the detail of that, but I think my statement was pretty thorough
and I agree with what he says.
As some Members will know, my wife comes from County Armagh.
We got married at the height of the troubles—the bombings and the shootings—and it sent a chill down my spine when I read of this leak.
First,  the hon.
Member for Foyle (Colum Eastwood)  has referred to the difficulty of recruiting to the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and this will only make it worse.
Secondly, it will not do much for our relationship with the police in the Republic of Ireland.
The danger is that we just say that this is a matter for the PSNI and take a view from across the Irish sea, but Northern Ireland is a constituent part of the United Kingdom and I hope that a United Kingdom solution will be sought involving police forces on this side of the Irish sea and, if necessary, the UK’s intelligence services to find out what happened.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct.
That is why I detailed the meetings of officials in the Cabinet Office, who have chaired a large number of regular operational meetings bringing together the PSNI, Government Departments and world-class cyber-security experts to ensure that all our collective skills across the Union are galvanised in this space.