The Prime Minister is no doubt aware of the collapse of SSB Law, and many constituents, including hundreds in my constituency, have been affected and have bills of up to hundreds of thousands.
One constituent had to sell his wedding gifts, and his father had a heart attack with the stress.
People are having to raid their pension pots; they are  getting bills, and bailiffs are knocking on the door.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and my constituents’ representatives on the collapse of SSB Law, and make sure that the Government respond to this injustice that has happened to people across the country?
I am sorry to hear about the situation impacting the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
I will be more than happy to make sure that the right Minister looks into it and that we get back to her as soon as possible.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The deputy Foreign Secretary is regrettably unable to respond to this question in person, as he is at the World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
I will respond on his behalf.
Earlier this month, we passed a grim milestone: six months since Hamas’s horrific terrorist attack on Israel.
The UK Government have been working with partners across the region to secure the release of hostages, including British nationals.
We want to see the release of all hostages.
Palestinian civilians have spent these months suffering, with conditions worsening by the day.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire.
The Iran attack and our support for Israel have not changed our focus on ensuring that Israel meets its commitments to enable at least 500 aid trucks a day to enter Gaza; to open Ashdod port for aid deliveries; to expand the Jordan land corridor; to open a crossing into northern Gaza; and to extend hours at Kerem Shalom and Nitzana.
We are pushing as hard as we can to get aid to Palestinian civilians.
As this House knows, we have been urging Israel at the highest levels to take immediate action on the bottlenecks holding up humanitarian relief.
We have recently seen a small increase in the number of aid trucks being allowed to enter Gaza, but not all of them are full, and numbers are not yet close to reaching the levels required given the severity of the humanitarian situation that we  now see.
We will continue to press Israel to take immediate action to open Ashdod fully for humanitarian aid.
Meanwhile, we recently announced new support for a life-saving aid corridor by sea to Gaza, including the deployment of a Royal Navy ship, which has now arrived in the Mediterranean and is ready to integrate with the US pier, and provide a command and control platform.
We are also committing up to £9.7 million for aid deliveries through that corridor, as well as providing logistical expertise and equipment.
In recent weeks, the Royal Air Force has conducted seven airdrops along the Gazan coast, delivering more than 58 tonnes of food.
The UK-Med field hospital, funded by the UK, is up and running in Gaza and has already treated more than 8,000 people, a high proportion of them children.
We need to see the operating environment in Gaza improve, so that more aid gets in and can be distributed quickly, safely and effectively.
Israel must ensure that the UN has the access, equipment and staff that it needs to  do that.
We were horrified by the attack on the World Central Kitchen convoy, which killed seven aid workers, including three very dedicated British nationals.
Israel must do more to protect aid workers, including through guaranteed deconfliction for aid convoys and other humanitarian work to ensure that they can operate safely.
The findings of Israel’s investigation must be published in full, and followed up with a wholly independent review, to ensure the utmost transparency and accountability.
Six months on, however much we might wish otherwise, the fighting has not yet come to an end.
We cannot and will not stand by.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region this week, pressing for further action.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting me this urgent question.
Conditions in Gaza are desperate and intolerable.
Famine is taking hold, sewage is pooling in the streets and the water has still not been switched back on.
Almost nothing is reaching northern Gaza, where people are already dying of starvation.
The healthcare system has been utterly devastated.
Yesterday, leading non-governmental organisations told me about specific blocks and restrictions that they face from Israeli authorities in doing their life-saving work.
Aid is sat waiting, unable to reach those in need, with some rotting where it stood.
Items are removed from trucks without explanation, and doctors are reusing single-use medical equipment taken from patients who have died.
Today, a UN report says that 10,000 women have been killed.
That is a description of hell on earth.
It cannot go on.
For months, we have demanded that aid flow without restrictions—unfettered and unimpeded—at a level that meets humanitarian need.
The UN Security Council has demanded it; the International Court of Justice has ordered it.
However, despite the pledges that have been made, UN figures show that more aid went in on some days in January than went in yesterday, so I have three questions for the Government.
First, can the Minster be clear that Israel is not meeting its commitments, and about what pressure the Government are applying to change that?
Secondly, why have the Government not yet announced that they are restoring future funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency?
It is shocking that, in the face of famine, the UK is one of the last major donors yet to resume funding, without explanation.
Thirdly, why are the Government seemingly softening their message to Netanyahu on Rafah?
Let us be clear: 1.5 million Palestinians sheltering there have nowhere safe to go.
There can be no humanitarian operation to meet the scale of need without an immediate ceasefire now.
Both sides must agree to comply.
We note that it was Hamas and their leader, Sinwar, who rejected the latest ceasefire deal.
Both sides must urgently agree to end this war now to prevent the further loss of innocent life, to free the hostages still cruelly held by Hamas, and to allow a surge of aid into Gaza.
Important points have been made.
It is important to welcome Israel’s commitments to increase the amount of aid getting into Gaza, and the limited steps that have been made, but—and this is an important but—more must be done, as the right hon.
Gentleman said, to realise those commitments, and we continue to urge that that happens.
As I said, the Foreign Secretary is in the region, and we are working hard on those issues.
The right hon.
Gentleman also talked about UNRWA.
The final report from Catherine Colonna is due at the end of April.
We will review that and make a decision on future funding.
We recognise the important role that UNRWA plays.
On the wider, more strategic point about our approach, it is clear that we want to see a humanitarian pause before then pushing for the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the position of the hostages is absolutely key, and is he able to report any more progress?
He has explained that Hamas have not agreed to the latest proposal, but does he agree that pressure needs to be put on them by their interlocutors who are working with them to do something solid on the hostage problem, and to do it speedily?
As I have said, the Government continue to call for an immediate humanitarian pause to allow for the release of hostages.
While we cannot provide a running commentary on negotiations, which are highly sensitive and ongoing, the UK is using all our diplomatic channels to support international negotiation efforts facilitated by Egypt, Qatar and the US.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
Under-standably, perhaps, the world’s attention has been on the shocking Iranian missile attack at the weekend, but we cannot and must not forget about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and the plight of millions of innocent civilians facing a man-made famine and living with the constant threat of attack.
Neither can we forget the immensely brave humanitarian aid workers, particularly the seven World Central Kitchen employees, whose status as humanitarians appears to have offered them little or no protection from the Israel Defence Forces.
Despite the promises made, the United Nations has reported that this week, more than 40% of what it tried to take into Gaza was rejected.
Those of us who have been to the border and seen the efforts of the Egyptian Red Crescent, and its warehouse full of rejected medical equipment, have a pretty good idea of what those items were.
This is an area that has no single operational hospital.
The elephant in the room, though, is arms export licences.
For how much longer is the UK going to send humanitarian aid to Gaza while simultaneously licensing weapons sales to Israel?
Would not the best form of humanitarian aid for the people of Gaza be to stop supplying Israel with the weapons that will kill them?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight what happened in Iran recently, and of course we must not forget the humanitarian situation on the ground in Gaza.
As I highlighted in my opening remarks, we are working very hard to make sure that the aid he talked about can come through.
He also talked about exports; the latest assessment carried out by the Foreign Secretary leaves our position on export licenses unchanged.
That is consistent with the advice Ministers have received.
We will continue to keep that position under review, but the hon.
Gentleman should remember his opening point about Iran and what happened recently.
I will leave it there on export controls.
Humanitarian aid getting into the Gaza strip is very important.
Has my hon.
Friend noticed that in the last couple of days, the White House national security spokesman said in an interview with NBC that the aid getting into Gaza has increased by a large amount in the past few days?
More than 2,000 trucks have been able to get in, including about 100 trucks in the past  24 hours alone.
Three bakeries have reopened in northern  Gaza in the past week, producing some 3 million pita breads daily, and food aid convoys are now continuing via the newly opened northern crossing.
Of course, there is always more to do—as I have said, that is very important—but does my hon.
Friend accept that there have been significant improvements, considering that this is still an active war zone?
I am grateful for the comments of my right hon.
and learned Friend.
As I said in my response to the Opposition spokesman—sorry, could he remind me of his question again?
It was about aid improving.
We have seen limited improvement.
My right hon.
and learned Friend said that it has been significant, and it has, but from a low base, and as I have set out, our aspirations are clearly a lot higher.
There are a number of key areas in which we want to see further improvements, and we are working closely with Israel on that.