This week, a former Prime Minister who oversaw a financial crash before being unceremoniously turfed from office told the public the truth—and I am not referring to that one, Mr Speaker.
On Monday, Gordon Brown told the people of these isles that “the forces pulling Britain apart are greater than the forces holding it together”.
Maybe the Prime Minister can find some time this afternoon to agree with just one of his predecessors?
Where I do agree with my predecessor very strongly is that Scotland would be far stronger inside the United Kingdom.
Gordon Brown was also correct in stating that Scottish independence is not simply off the agenda.
Those remarks were echoed just yesterday by the general secretary of the Scottish Trades Union Congress, who stated that it remained an unresolved issue—[Laughter.]
Conservative Members may laugh at her, but she went on to say: “That can be a very dangerous place to end up in when you are not allowing people to express their wishes in a democratic manner.”
Does the Prime Minister welcome the fulsome, wholehearted and warm support of the Labour party in denying the people of Scotland the opportunity to have a say over their own future?
We did have a democratic vote on that topic, but I would suggest to the SNP that, rather than obsessing about independence, and wasting time cracking down on free speech and trying to lock up J. K. Rowling, he should focus on what the people of Scotland care about: schools, hospitals, jobs and our new tax cuts.
I abhor a two-tier policing system, and we must ensure that everyone is treated equally under the rule of law.
The Labour police and crime commissioner who investigated the beergate scandal handed their police chief constable a new three-year contract while the investigation into the Labour party leader and deputy leader was ongoing.
Now, two former MPs are overseeing the force due to investigate the Labour deputy leader.
Does the Prime Minister agree that complete transparency throughout this investigation is of the utmost importance?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
A key principle of our country is that there are the same rules for everyone.
On this topic, the Labour leader should show some leadership: stop reading the legal advice; simply publish it and get a grip of the situation.
It says a lot about his priorities that, with his famed legal expertise, he is more than happy to help defend Hizb ut-Tahrir but refuses to help his deputy.
The recently published Kenova report makes it clear that the IRA was riddled with British agents from top to bottom.
Those agents were involved in the abduction, torture and murder of British and Irish citizens.
The British Government—successive British Governments—knew all about it and did nothing.
The report also calls for an apology from the Government to those victims.
Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to make that apology?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the report is an interim one.
As the Secretary of State has laid out, we cannot comment on the findings until we get the final report, but we would never condone wrongdoing where there is evidence of that.
I will also say, because it is not said enough, that the overwhelming majority of the police, armed forces and intelligence services served with great distinction.
They defended democracy in the face of some horrendous violence, and without their service and their sacrifice, there would  have been no peace process.
They helped ensure that the future of Northern Ireland will never be decided by violence but by the consent of its people.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree—we do not agree on everything—that anyone who want to see why the Government introduced strong Mayors need look only at Ben Houchen in the Tees Valley?
From saving our airport to introducing our freeport to bringing steelmaking back, Ben delivers.
Does my right hon.
Friend also agree that the best thing is that Ben has done this without charging any mayoral tax, which his Labour opponent would need to do to fund his unfunded spending plans?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the great work of Ben Houchen.
I share his concerns about the pledges of the Labour candidate—over £130 million of unfunded spending, showing that Labour cannot be trusted.
We see the results in Labour-run Birmingham, with taxes going up by 20%.
The story of Labour in local government is one of working people paying the price.
That is exactly why my right hon.
Friend and I completely agree that the people of Teesside should vote Ben Houchen and vote Conservative.
Last year, in Shropshire, 10,000 people waited for more than 24 hours in A&E. That is 10,000 people over 65 waiting on hard plastic chairs or on trolleys in our accident and emergency department.
The Prime Minister tells us that he has got a plan for the NHS, but people in North Shropshire want to know how long they will have to wait for him to get on and fix the issues where we are.
With the record funding that we are putting into the NHS, our urgent and emergency care plan is delivering more ambulances and more beds, with faster discharge through our hospitals to speed the flow, and that plan is working.
Of course there is more to do, but this winter we saw ambulance and A&E waiting times improve from the year before for the first time in many years, and if we stick to the plan, we will continue to deliver improvement for the hon.
Lady’s constituents and everyone else.
In 2010, somebody earning £15,000 a year paid £1,700 in income tax.
Today, somebody earning £15,000 a year pays less than £500 of tax.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this has helped to create jobs, growth and self-reliance?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
Because of our plan, the economy has, after a tough few years, turned the corner.
Inflation has fallen from over 11% to 3.2%, and it is forecast to return back to target in just a few months—a year ahead of expectations.
That is why we have been able to cut people’s taxes.
As he mentions, the tax cut is worth £900 for an average worker.
That is part of our plan to end the long-term unfairness of the double taxation on work.
Four years ago, my constituent Juliana was drugged and raped by her then boyfriend.
After his conviction, Juliana  was advised that reading a transcript of his trial would help her to come to terms with her experience.
But when she requested that transcript, she was told that she would have to pay more than £7,000.
Astonishingly, Juliana is not alone.
I have heard about victims who have been quoted fees of up to £22,000 just to read trial transcripts that are part of their own story.
Justice should not have a price tag.
The Liberal Democrat amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill would give all victims the right to read sentencing remarks and summings-up free of charge.
Julian is here in the Gallery today, and she asks whether the Prime Minister will support that amendment.
Will he look her in the eye and say yes?
I am extremely sorry to hear about Juliana’s case, and my sympathy is with her and her family.
We are committed to improving victims’ access to court transcripts to help them move on and rebuild their lives.
We already offer a free service to families of homicide victims, for example.
That is why we have already committed to a one-year pilot to help identify the current demand and to inform our next steps.
Alongside this, we are actively looking at other options to immediately reduce the costs.
Bracknell Forest Council has a particular challenge with special educational needs, and I am keen to support it.
I am grateful to the Government for the recent SEND review, the significant increase in resources and the bespoke safety valve programme for Bracknell, but additional school places are needed now.
Will the Prime Minister please agree today to release the funding for our new SEND units at Sandhurst and Edgbarrow schools, and commit to fully funding up front our new SEND school in Crowthorne?