The Prime Minister told us on Monday that he was off to make a telephone call to Mr Netanyahu, to urge restraint on a Government that have killed and maimed well over 100,000 people in six months, 72% of them women and children.
Will he tell us how the telephone call went?
What will  he do if his advice is not taken and an unrestrained  war begins?
I was pleased to speak with Prime Minister Netanyahu, who thanked the UK for its support of Israel’s security over the weekend.
We discussed the situation and how Iran is isolated on the world stage.
I also made the point to him that significant escalation is not in anyone’s interest and that it is a time for calm heads to prevail.
I also reiterated our concerns about the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
I welcome the statements and commitments that the Israeli Government have made about significantly increasing aid into Gaza, and now we need to see those commitments delivered.
Residents in Smalley and Denby now face two huge solar farm applications.
There is only a 500-metre gap between them and both sites are wholly in the green belt.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we should change planning guidance to make it absolutely clear that productive farms in the green belt are not the right place for solar farms, and that the investment and the time being spent should go on sites that might be appropriate, such as car parks, brownfield land or roofs of industrial buildings, rather than wasting people’s time and causing fear?
My hon.
Friend is right that, particularly at a time of increased geopolitical risk, we must protect our nation’s food security and therefore our most valuable agricultural land.
We do want to see more solar, which is one of the cheapest forms of energy, but, as he said, on brownfield sites, rooftops and away from our best agricultural land.
That is why our recently published national infrastructure planning rules set out the requirement for solar not to be placed on what is described as the best and most valuable versatile land where possible.
The Secretaries of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs are ensuring that developers and planning authorities strike the right balance so that we can deliver what my hon.
Friend wants, which is more British food grown here at home.
I went out recently with Chris McEwan, the mayoral candidate in Teesside.
It was clear that residents are really worried about crime.
Levels in Tory-run Teesside are among the highest in the country.
The residential burglary rate is 52% higher than anywhere else in the country.
When will the Prime Minister realise that he has lost control not only of his party, but of crime in this country?
Mr Speaker, what a joke!
We have police and crime commissioner elections across the country, and the hon.
Lady really should look at the record.
Under this Government, crime has been cut by 50%, and we have 20,000 more police officers.
Let me give her the facts, because this is why it is so extraordinary to hear what she said.
People with a Labour police and crime commissioner are more likely to be victims of burglary and twice as likely to be victims of robbery.
The facts completely speak for themselves, so people should vote Conservatives for safer streets.
Every month in my constituency, the Labour-run Warrington Borough Council spends nearly £4.5 million   on interest payments to cover its £1.8 billion debt.
It has used borrowing to spend on an energy company that went bust, offices in Birmingham and Manchester, and even a business park that it purchased through an offshore company, presumably to avoid paying tax.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is time to send in the inspectors?
Warrington Borough Council has gone too far in its money-making schemes.
Local councils should be focusing on delivering great services, and the way to achieve that is by voting Conservative on 2 May.
This year, the Government announced a further £600 million in extra funding for local councils—a real-terms increase, as has been the case in every single year of this Parliament.
But we all know what happens when Labour is in charge—whether it is racking up debt in Warrington, as my hon.
Friend said, increasing council tax by 21% in Labour-run Birmingham, slashing services in Nottingham, or, as I have just said, higher crime on average in each Labour police and crime commissioner area.
It is crystal clear that, whenever Labour is in charge, it is working people who pay the price.
While 64,000 people are on the waiting list for a council house in the west midlands, families are living in hotels, cold and damp homes and mouldy flats.
The Mayor of the West Midlands, Andy Street, has built 46 social homes in eight years.
Does the Prime Minister think that that is good enough?
Andy Street is absolutely delivering for the west midlands.
Unlike the Labour Mayor in London, he has delivered on all his housing targets.
It is the Labour-run council in Birmingham that is imposing on the hon.
Lady’s constituents and others a 21% council tax rise, and what are they getting in exchange?
Six hundred job losses and cuts to services.
On some streets, they are even turning off the lights.
What Labour has done to Birmingham the Conservatives will never let it do to Britain.
I ask the Prime Minister to thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport for holding further meetings with Hitachi this morning—and, indeed, with the union representatives.
We were all glad to see what happened with Alstom yesterday, but it is important that we do the same to support the factories up at Hitachi in Aycliffe.