The Minister will know that his words are not cutting through.
Hamas were wrong to reject the ceasefire, but what Israel does next is not inevitable.
Yet the Israeli Minister for Defence on Monday evening said that Israel was waiting for aid to be delivered to Rafah and for civilians to leave, and then it would begin the military operation.
He will know that there is nowhere for these people to go and there is no food elsewhere.
It is an impossible choice for people.
A few pitta breads will not cut it for millions of people at risk of starvation and at risk of harm from a military operation in Rafah.
What can the UK do if Israel proceeds with its threat to enter Rafah?
As the hon.
Member knows, I respect her enormously, and we have worked together on a number of issues.
On her vitally important point, we want to urge restraint about this proposed military operation by the Israelis.
We are also calling for restraint in response to what has happened with Iran, although notably the RAF and others were there to provide support to defend Israel from that attack.
The Foreign Secretary is in Israel and the region this week to tackle these very issues and to address the points I have made.
On Monday, in response to my question about restoring UNRWA funding, the Prime Minister said that, along with allies, he was “reviewing the interim findings”.
In subsequent responses to other Members, he said he was waiting for a final report, which is due towards the end of the month, on  20 April .
Can we have a Government statement on Monday in which the Government set out a clear pathway back to restoring funding?
The UK is the only major donor aside from the United States that has not restored its funding.
Time is running out and lives are being lost.
I recognise the importance of the points that the hon.
Lady makes.
All I will say is what I have said previously: we are waiting for the report and then we will update Parliament on our decision.
We need to review this report in detail.
Seventeen repetitions of “We are waiting for the report” will become the new definition of complacency.
The more I listen to those on both Front Benches describing the bloody, putrid sea of misery that is Gaza, the more I am amazed that both sides continue to support the supply of British arms and military components to the country that is doing all this.
No one could understand that.
The Minister said how hard they were trying—personally, I believe him; he seems a sincere chap—but why is it not working?
If the Government are trying so hard while scrambling their jets to defend Israel and giving arms to Israel, why will Israel not listen?
I say with respect that the questions I have been asked are entirely appropriate and understandable given the circumstances.
I have responded as best I can from the Government’s perspective.
The hon.
Gentleman knows from his extensive experience that the situation on the ground is hugely complex.
We are working night and day, and our officials in the FCDO are working flat out.
We are providing the support we can to Israel and to help tackle the destabilisation.
I understand the passion with which he asks his questions, but he should also understand that these are incredibly complex situations.
We are endeavouring to do everything we can to make our case with Israel, but it is also having to think about the implications of what is happening and act after a terrible tragic attack by Hamas and the responses by Iran.
I am concerned to hear the allegations made by several organisations that the trucks going in are half-full or less, which makes the amount of aid getting into Gaza by truck a difficult statistic to use.
What is the Minister doing to make sure that tonnage of aid is getting to the right  places?
Clearly, the Israeli authorities seem to be not able to deliver on their duties under international law to get aid to the right places.
What more can he do to put pressure on the Israeli authorities to do what is legally binding and right to do?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point that we need to think not just about trucks, but tonnage.
I will speak to the Development Minister about this particular issue and make sure that we have extra focus on it.
We need the trucks, but we need the tonnage, as well.
It is vital.
It is good to finally hear those on the Labour Front Bench seemingly find their voice on this issue, after tens of thousands of deaths and months of shameful prevarication, although they are still willing to sell arms to Israel.
On the UK Government’s policy on arms sales, the criteria for halting arms sales does not require a legal confirmation that a breach of international humanitarian law has occurred, but only that it might have occurred.
Does the Minister not consider that the ongoing investigation by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity and the consideration by the International Court of Justice of potential genocide are indications that breaches of international law might have occurred?
In any event, why are we so keen to sell arms to someone we have been pressing so hard to cease operations?
We continue to have grave concerns about the humanitarian situation on the ground, but those are not sufficient to undermine our judgment that Israel is committed to complying with international humanitarian law in general.
We have already talked at length about the export licences and our controls around that.
We recognise Israel has the right to defend itself.
The Belgian Foreign Minister stated that Israel was engaging in “tactics of starvation”.
Last month, the Foreign Minister of the Republic of Ireland stated: “The use of starvation as a weapon of war is a blatant violation of international humanitarian law.”
This month, Belgium’s Minister of Development and Co-operation stated that Israel’s use of hunger as a weapon of war was “a flagrant violation of international law”.
The Israeli Defence Minister is on record as saying: “I have ordered a complete siege on the Gaza Strip.
There will be no electricity, no food, no fuel, everything is closed.
We are fighting human animals and we are acting accordingly”.
When will this Government wake up to the reality that innocent Palestinians are dying and take action to stop them dying from hunger and starvation?
We are working hard to get the aid in, as I have highlighted.
That is critical.
We are also calling out the Israeli Government, recognising that too many civilians have been killed.
We want to see Israel taking greater care to limit its operations to military targets and to avoid harming civilians and destroying homes, as he has indicated.