Individuals’ personal data is not safe in Tory hands.
A recent article in The Guardian reported that senior Tory party officials planned to make millions from selling off their own members’ data through the “True Blue” app.
If the Tory party is happy to sell off its own members’ personal data, how can the public possibly have confidence that their data is safe under the Government?
The allegations that the hon.
Lady has put forward were written in The Guardian, and I have not seen them myself.
I am presiding over the data Bill, and I have seen no evidence to suggest that we are trying to bring forward laws that would do such a thing.
What steps her Department is taking to implement the Online Safety Act 2023.
Ofcom is the independent regulator of the Online Safety Act.
The Government are working with it to implement the Act as quickly as possible, including the relevant secondary legislation.
Ofcom is taking a phased approach to bringing the duties into effect and is consulting on guidance and codes of practice.
Offences around serious online abuse came into effect on  31 January  this year.
The Online Safety Act introduced many measures to keep children safe, but given the increased concerns about children’s online safety, does the Secretary of State agree that it is time to go even further and introduce a child-safe phone?
That would ensure that, at a minimum, all phones intended for children are properly fitted with parental controls to stop children accessing harmful content.
The Government produced world-leading legislation on online safety, which puts the onus on social media companies, not parents.
I know that my right hon.
Friend has spoken about information, which is particularly important to make it as easy as possible for parents.
She raises an important about device-level controls, and I assure her that I am listening not just to Members of this House but to parents.
Yesterday, the Government finally backed Labour’s calls and announced that they would make the creation of deepfake porn a criminal offence.
However, it is disappointing that the Government continue to adopt an intent-based approach over one of consent in relation to these crimes.
Why are Ministers prioritising a man’s right to have banter over a woman’s right to feel safe?
Will the Government look at the regulation of AI apps such as Nudify and ClothOff, which are freely available, easy to use and exist only to humiliate and violate women?
I share the hon.
Member’s passion in this area, which is why we put it in the Online Safety Act with regard to the sharing of that content.
We have now gone one step further, and are in the process of making it illegal to create that content in the first place.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of AI on democracy.
The Government are clear that artificial intelligence is the defining technology of our time, with the potential to transform humanity positively.
We also recognise the challenges that AI can pose.
As has been said, we are working to ensure that we respond to the full range of threats to our democratic processes, including through the defending democracy taskforce.
DSIT is engaging with social media platforms, civil society groups, academia and international partners to tackle the risks that AI can pose to democracy.
In the longer term, I agree that AI has enormous potential to support participation in politics, and we should seek to harness that.
But in the short term, disinformation and deepfakes, often put together by foreign actors, threaten to have the most immediate impact on democracy.
What risk does the Minister believe AI poses to this year’s election in particular, and what steps is he taking to alleviate those risks?
Let me be very clear: the UK will not tolerate malicious cyber-activity that targets our democratic institutions.
The Deputy Prime Minister has already come to this Dispatch Box and taken definitive action where that has happened.
The defending democracy taskforce and Government teams are working collaboratively to ensure that we respond to threats to our democratic processes, including digitally manipulated content.
The Online Safety Act will force companies to take proactive, preventive action against illegal, state-sponsored content online via the foreign interference offence, including deepfakes and other AI-generated content within the scope of the Act.
In two short sentences, will the Minister reassure us that AI will not destroy not just democracy, but the human race?
Two sentences, Mr Speaker.
I can confirm that the Government are taking a proactive approach to AI.
The defending democracy taskforce is working very hard to protect our democratic processes.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I want the British people to be able to seize the extraordinary opportunities that AI offers, but that can happen only if we address the  risks.
At Bletchley Park we kick-started a global conversation and, since then, the Bletchley effect has seen countries from around the world collaborating on the development of safe, responsible and trustworthy AI.
Two weeks ago I signed an agreement with the United States to allow us to collaborate seamlessly on AI safety testing.
Last week we announced the date of the second AI Safety Summit in Seoul.
We also remain laser-focused on implementing the landmark Online Safety Act, which will make Britain the safest place to be online.
Last month we saw the first sentencing under the cyber-flashing offences that we brought in in January.
A fast and reliable internet connection is vital for everyday life and so many local businesses.
I conducted a broadband survey in East Devon, which showed that some rural parts of my constituency sadly still lag behind, such as Sidbury, Fluxton, Marsh Green and Talaton.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that broadband providers improve connections across our county?
I am glad to say that over 75% of premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency can access gigabit-capable broadband.
That is up from 6% in 2019, but we want to do more, so we have included mid and east Devon in our cross-regional framework for Project Gigabit.
That is currently undertaking pre-procurement market engagement.
We hope to give him news very soon.