Airdrops, promises of harbours and promises of money to come are not even touching the sides of the problem, given its scale.
People are starving to death.
At the beginning of March, my Committee published a report calling on the UK Government to press for more than 500 trucks of humanitarian aid a day to be allowed into Gaza; for all the crossings to open; for the Israeli military to co-operate better with aid agencies; and for deconfliction, so that humanitarian workers can live, and also safely carry out their vital work.
Despite the Foreign Secretary’s optimism about greater humanitarian flows, the average is just over 1,100 trucks a week.
Why are this Government not doing more to persuade Israel to meet its responsibilities under international law and facilitate aid to the people of Gaza?
How many more people have to die?
I understand the hon.
Member’s concerns, particularly given her position as Chair of the International Development Committee, but I have highlighted already that we are pressing incredibly hard on Israel to make further progress, and there has been limited progress.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region, and he continues to press this case, as does my the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , who is doing important work in this area as well.
I am sorry to question the Minister again on the same theme, but he will be starting to appreciate the frustration in the House.
Over the last six months, we have heard the Government beg, plead with and press Israel, and have telephone calls, meetings and conversations with it.
We even had the RAF in the sky, rightly, to defend Israel from Iran.
Yet it occurs to many of us that the Israeli Government care little for what we say, to the extent that Medical Aid for Palestinians reports that a famine in Gaza over the next few weeks is all but inevitable.
When will we realise that saying things is making no difference, and that we have to act, not least to take  steps to enforce the judgment of the International Court of Justice?
When will we actually do something concrete to save lives?
As I have said, we are pressing incredibly hard to make sure that we see further progress in this vital area.
I have highlighted that one of the key things we are doing is committing £9.7 million for aid deliveries through the life-saving aid corridor to Gaza through the sea.
That is a material step—it is action that is being taken—but clearly we will continue to put pressure on the Israelis.
They have made commitments, and we want them to stand up and realise, or allow agencies to realise, those commitments.
Crossings are still not open, trucks are going in half empty, and 41% of the UN’s requests to send aid into northern Gaza are being refused by the Israeli Government.
That is the reality on the ground.
The Colonna report comes out this Saturday, on  20 April , not at the end of the month.
When will the Government come to this House to tell us when they will reinstate funding to UNRWA, which is the only aid organisation with the infrastructure on the ground to deliver aid at scale?
As I have said, we will review that report.
When we receive it, we will make our final decision, and we will come to Parliament to explain that decision.
As I have also highlighted—and, more importantly, as the Development Minister has highlighted—we recognise the vital role that UNRWA plays.
The Foreign Secretary was very proud to announce that the United Kingdom had set up a contact group for the middle east, which has members from Europe, the middle east and the United States.
There is a key link to the humanitarian situation in Palestine and Gaza, in that all the group’s members, and the European Commission, have decided to fund UNRWA.
The contact group aims to find a solution in the middle east.
Why is it taking us so long to make a decision, when our European counterparts have made theirs?
I also ask the Minister to ask the Foreign Secretary—I have raised this with him and the Prime Minister—to set up an international donors conference for Palestine, as we did in the case of the Friends of Syria.
We need to move forward urgently, and show our leadership on this matter, as the situation is getting critical.
As I have said, and I will say it again, we will wait for the final Colonna report before we make a decision on UNRWA.
This situation was particularly concerning, so we need that report in order to make a decision.
My hon.
Friend will remember that we trebled the amount of aid we provide to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
Now our task is to make sure that we can do that, and find ways to get that aid in.
Yesterday, Oxford doctors Nick Maynard and Deborah Harrington briefed parliamentarians very movingly on their experiences of treating people in Gaza.
They impressed on us how important it was that they were kept safe, and how many of their colleagues had died.
I am sure that the Minister and the whole House will thank them for their tireless work, as well as other aid workers, and anyone who gives over their safety to save others.
They also pointed out that the malnutrition that we see is making patients more vulnerable to infectious diseases.
A report released by the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine projected that if the situation continues as it is, there will be 74,000 excess deaths—that is, that number will die, over and beyond the number who have died by bombs, if something is not done.[Official Report,  18 April 2024 ; Vol. 748, c. 6WC.]
(Correction) Does the Minister agree that we need not only an immediate bilateral ceasefire, but rebuilding of the medical situation in Gaza now, not later, because that is what is stopping people getting the life-saving treatment that they desperately need?
I join the hon.
Member in praising the vital work of aid workers in the most challenging of circumstances, and I highlight the courage and bravery that they demonstrate.
Obviously, we want to create conditions in which they can operate more safely.
She calls for a ceasefire.
We call for a pause that can lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
Of course, as we move to such a situation, some of the things she talked about, particularly the extra medical support, can be provided.
Access to the north of Gaza for those providing humanitarian aid is still dire, and 28 children are reported to have died of malnutrition and dehydration.
UNRWA continues to be disproportionately affected by access restrictions, and it was last able to deliver food to northern Gaza at the end of January.
As we have heard, other countries are restoring funding to UNRWA, including the United States, so why are we taking so long?
We want to see the report, and then we will make our final decision.
We recognise the important role of UNRWA, and we also recognise the importance of opening a crossing in northern Gaza, as my hon.
Friend highlighted in her opening point.
We are pressing the Israelis to stand up to their commitments.
Yesterday, I attended a meeting of British doctors who have recently been in Gaza, and they described the systematic targeting of healthcare in Gaza.
Let us be clear: that is a war crime.
A UN special rapporteur recently warned, at a meeting that MPs organised, that Government Ministers and officials involved in arms exports to Israel should be absolutely clear that they could be individually criminally liable for aiding and abetting war crimes in Gaza.
Will the Minister say on the record in this House, and ahead of next week’s High Court hearing, that the legal advice that the Government have received confirms that there is no such risk, and that arms sales are in line with international law?
After our latest assessment of our position on export licences, it remains unchanged, and is consistent with the advice that Ministers have received.
We will continue to keep the position under review.
As has been referenced, our close allies in the United States have commended Israel for stepping up the amount of aid getting into Gaza, but once aid trucks are on the Gazan side of the  border, Hamas have sought to hijack the trucks, and to cynically use the distribution of aid as a political weapon, as has been recognised by this Government.
What assessment has my hon.
Friend made of the level of control that Hamas exercises over UNRWA and the distribution of aid?
My hon.
Friend makes important points, which set out why we are waiting for the final report, as I have said repeatedly, before making a final decision.
The underlying situation relating to UNRWA was very challenging, and we need to make sure that aid is used for the appropriate purposes.
The Government rightly condemn Iran for risking destabilisation in the region, and for demonstrating that it is intent on sowing chaos in its own backyard, yet we have had six months of Israel killing civilians, doctors and aid workers; destroying almost all civilian infrastructure in Gaza; cutting off water, fuel and electricity; and severely limiting the supply of aid.
That is all in clear violation of international law, has destabilised the region, and has sown chaos in Israel’s own backyard, so will the Minister condemn the action of Israel, too?
We recognise that Israel has the right to defend itself and, as I have said, we are calling for an immediate pause in order to get aid in and the hostages out.
We also recognise the destabilising action of Iran and its acolytes, and we must ensure that we push back and seek to de-escalate the whole situation.
By now there could have been a humanitarian pause and aid could be flowing into Gaza to help those poor individuals threatened with famine and war, but of course, just as the last two humanitarian pauses were breached by Hamas, Hamas refused to accept a ceasefire on the terms that have been agreed.
Such a ceasefire would mean that the hostages could be coming back now, and the people of Gaza could be receiving aid.
Does the Minister agree that Hamas are clearly the obstacle to peace in the middle east?
Clearly Hamas are an obstacle to peace.
Their actions provoked terrible atrocities in Israel back in October, which we find abhorrent.
Now we want to ensure that we find a way of tackling the terrible humanitarian situation, as I have described, and tackling further destabilising activity by Iran.
In reply to my written question on  15 April , the Minister said: “We want UNRWA to give detailed undertakings about changes in personnel, policy and precedents”.
Has the Minister, or any of his colleagues, actively sought those undertakings and changes from UNRWA by contacting it directly?
If so, in what state was that request last made?
The broader issue about UNRWA is that we are waiting for the final report and then we can make decisions.
I will raise the hon.
Gentleman’s detailed points with the Minister of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , and get back to him.
Will the Minister confirm that it is inconceivable that the money we would earmark for UNRWA will not be given this year, and will he either set out what alternative agencies he thinks could do achieve the same outcomes on the ground, or confirm that we will have to give UNRWA the money anyway, in which case we might as well get on with it?
I have already said that UNRWA carries out important work and has a vital role, but the concerns about its activities mean that we must have this report.
We then want to look at our approach and our funding in relation to that.
Oxfam has reported that 1.1 million people are projected to be facing catastrophic levels of food insecurity in Gaza, and children are now starving.
Samantha Power, administrator for USAID, told the US Congress last week that northern Gaza is now experiencing famine.
Do the Government share that assessment, and how will aid get there?
We continue to be very concerned about the humanitarian challenges in Gaza and, as I have highlighted, we are pressing hard and taking steps ourselves.
We have increased the amount of aid that we are committing to the region, and we are focusing laser-like in seeking that Israel should step up to the commitments it has made.
It has already made limited progress; we need to see more.
Israel’s right to self-defence comes with clear responsibility.
Gaza has become a conflict hellhole, and the delivery of more humanitarian aid from the international community, including the UN, is non-discretionary.
Will the Minister please confirm that everything possible is being done with the Israeli Government to ensure that non-combatants are being supported and are not being inadvertently targeted or hit?
We have highlighted that with the Israeli Government, and I confirm that we are pushing incredibly heard.
Not only are we increasing the amount of aid that we give to the region, but we want to ensure that it gets through.
We have already deployed a number of airdrops, which have helped, but a lot more needs to be done.
As has been said, more than 33,000 people have been killed, 70% of whom are women and children.
The International Court of Justice has warned of genocide, and more than a million people have been left starving while almost 2 million are displaced from their homes.
Even as the Foreign Office’s own legal advice, which it continually refuses to make public, is purported to declare that the Israeli military are breaking international law, and as the UN Security Council passed a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire, the reality remains that nothing has changed: bombs are still falling, children are still starving, and civilians are still dying.
Let me ask the Minister a simple question: does international humanitarian law mean anything anymore, when the UK and the international community continue to refuse to draw a line?
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s passion and concern about the area, and we continue to have grave concerns about humanitarian access.
However, that is not sufficient to undermine our judgment that Israel is committed to complying with IHL in general.
Israel’s military is reported to be using Lavender, an artificial intelligence system, to help choose its bombing targets in Gaza.
That is machine decision making over human decision making, and it arguably sacrifices accuracy in favour of speed.
The Lavender system identifies targets, which are reviewed for only 20 seconds before authorisation of a strike.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Ministry of Defence about the use of AI in combat, the concerns over error rates, and the humanitarian impact on the ground?
Too many civilians have been killed, and we want Israel to take greater care to limit its operations to military targets and avoid harming civilians and destroying homes.
That is the message we give when we engage with the Israeli Government.
The situation in Gaza is having its impact on the west bank.
Tragically, this week a 14-year-old Israeli child was found dead, and that set off a process of settlers rampaging across the west bank.
We now know that four Palestinians have been killed and others brutally attacked, and the evidence is that IDF soldiers stood to one side and allowed that to happen.
At a meeting with Israeli colleagues this morning we heard that the Israeli Government are now arresting legal and peace observers in the west bank.
Will the Government make it clear to the Israeli Government that observers should be allowed to operate within the west bank and ensure that peace is maintained?
May we have a detailed report on the sanctions that the Government are applying to Israeli settlements and settlers?
I do not know the detail of some of the earlier points the right hon.
Gentleman raised, but I will welcome receiving that.
My understanding and memory is that we put sanctions on two individuals.
We keep this issue under constant review, because those actions and what happens in the settlements is important, given the implications that has for the west bank.
The escalation of recent days is deeply worrying, with two nuclear-armed countries exchanging ballistics, and neither with any reputation for care of civilian lives and both with agendas of their own.
That escalation has occupied the headlines, but the people of Gaza continue to suffer unrelenting military attacks and starvation.
The rules-based order and international law have suffered lasting damage, including by the targeting of aid workers and medics.
The UK’s influence with an out-of-control Netanyahu Government has yielded little, but one of the few legal tools available is the suspension of arms export licences.
When will the Government use that?
As I said in a previous answer, our assessment on export licences remains unchanged.
We have one of the most robust export systems in the world, enshrined in law through the Export Control  Act 2022 and implemented through our strategic export licensing criteria.
It is important that the hon.
Lady recalls and notes not just the humanitarian situation in Gaza, but also what is happening through Iran’s destabilising activities.
Humanitarian agencies have concluded that we have passed the point of being able to avert famine in Gaza.
Whatever we do now, we will be too late for those people who will have starved to death by the time aid arrives, and that is a stain on the international community.
Will the Minister update the House on what specific steps the Government have taken to bring about the full implementation of resolution 2728, which was passed by the UN Security Council over three weeks ago?
Pleading with, pressuring and pressing the Israeli Government is clearly not a strategy that is working, so why do the UK Government not recognise that consequences and concrete actions can start with the stopping of arms sales to Israel?
We are urging, we are pleading and we are doing everything that we can to make our case.
We are also trebling the amount of aid to £100 million.
As I have said, we are also taking action to have this lifesaving aid corridor by sea to Gaza.
Those are important actions that we are taking forward.
Having seen the drone attacks on Israel at the weekend, it is disappointing to watch the Government and the US Administration basically telling the Israelis to roll over and accept this aggression by Iran.
It was, however, encouraging to see an alliance of air forces assist the Israelis to protect their people.
I wonder why there is little condemnation of this aggression against Israel and little continued acknowledgement that had  7 October  never happened, none of this would be happening.
What are the Government doing to ensure that both Gazans and Israelis are free from Hamas and Iranian aggression respectively and can live normal lives?
As we say in the UK, Israel has the right to defend itself.
I agree and the Government agree that Israel has the right to defend itself.
As part of our approach to enabling a sustainable ceasefire to be put in place, Hamas have to be put clearly in their place.
They must not have the influence they have at the moment, and their ability to fire rockets into Israel needs to be completely diminished to enable that sustainable ceasefire.