In earlier exchanges, we did not hear much of a defence from the Prime Minister of his predecessor.
Could he tell the House what he considers to be her greatest achievement?
While the Labour party was busy trying to take us back into the EU and reverse the referendum result, my predecessor was signing trade deals around the world that have seen Brexit Britain overtake the Netherlands, France and Japan to become the fourth largest exporter in the world.
My constituent Claire Massey and one of her two children almost lost their lives in a fire at her home in February 2023.
Since then, Claire has been a victim of bullying by aggressive claims handlers, and of negligent  and unprofessional conduct, including violating a policy and withdrawing alternative accommodation, by the insurer Policy Expert—part of the Accredited Insurance (Europe)— and Trinity Claims.
Claire has raised institutional failings with the Financial Conduct Authority, which appears toothless.
She has also successfully raised individual issues with the financial ombudsman, but the delaying tactics of the insurers mean that she is no closer to a resolution.
Claire is here in the Gallery today and asks whether the Prime Minister will meet her and me to look at how we can better protect consumers against bad practices in the insurance industry.
Does he agree that it is time to establish on “Office of the Whistleblower”?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent campaigner on behalf of her constituent, and I extend my sympathy to Claire and her family.
While I cannot comment on individual cases, as I am sure she will understand, I know that the Financial Conduct Authority has the powers it needs to take action against firms that breach its rules.
Further, customers can contact the Financial Ombudsman Service, whose decisions are binding on insurers.
I will immediately ensure that the relevant Minister meets my hon.
Friend to look more closely at this specific issue and the case that she raises.
Ukrainian Member of Parliament, Mykola Stefanchuk, is in the Public Gallery this afternoon.
I am sure we all wish to welcome him and wish Ukraine “Slava Ukraini”.
Mykola has told me that Ukraine has the people and the courage, but does not currently have the weapons and the air defence to secure her freedom.
In light of the Russian attacks on Chernihiv this morning, which have killed at least 10 people and injured many more, will the Prime Minister respond to President Zelensky’s statement that this “wouldn’t have happened” if Ukraine had received sufficient air defence equipment?
It was a pleasure to address Members of the Ukrainian Parliament when I visited Ukraine earlier this year.
Indeed, it was my first foreign visit of the year; I was the first foreign leader to visit Ukraine and President Zelensky to demonstrate our strong support for the Ukrainian people at their moment of struggle against Russian aggression.
We have increased the amount of support we have given to Ukraine this year— the first major country to do so—and a big part of that support concerns air defence.
Where we have led in supporting Ukraine’s efforts, we will continue to do so and continue to encourage other countries around the world to step up and match our leadership, because we all want to see a future for Ukraine based on freedom from tyranny.
On a recent visit to Pimlico, in my constituency, the Prime Minister heard directly from local people concerned about the eye-watering rise in violent crime and robbery.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the London Labour Mayor has failed to take advantage of extra Government funding to recruit more police, and that on 2 May Londoners can send him a very clear message that he has let them down?
Sadiq Khan is failing London.
While burglary is down across England, it is up in London.
Violent crime is down across England, but up in London.
The Labour Mayor is the only one of 43 police and crime commissioners to have missed his police recruitment target.
Londoners will have the chance to speak when they cast their votes on  2 May .
I hope that they kick him out because we all know they will be safer with Susan Hall.
My local community is reeling from the discovery of 35 bodies and unidentifiable cremated ashes at a local funeral home.
The pain was made worse when people realised that the funeral plans they had used their life savings for were fake.
Does the Prime Minister agree that in these unique and limited circumstances banks should offer discretion when deciding if chargeback applies to payment refunds?
I express my sympathies to the families affected by the case that the hon.
Lady raises.
I believe the Ministry of Justice is urgently looking at the matter.
I will ensure someone gets in touch with her as soon as possible.
Robotic surgery allows laparoscopic surgery to be performed with increased precision, flexibility and control.
This can result in reduced patient complication rates, reduced lengths of stay in hospital and reduced hospital readmission.
However, there is currently no robotic surgery provision in Cornwall.
As a result, residents of Cornwall must travel to Devon for robotic procedures, a journey of more than 80 miles for those from west Cornwall and 120 miles for those from the Isles of Scilly.
Will the Prime Minister commit to ringfence capital funding for Cornwall to establish a robotic surgery service, and address the health inequalities our constituents have lived with for far too long?