The first act of the Prime Minister was to promise a Government of professionalism and integrity, yet here we have a Secretary of State who uses her position to accuse a British scientist of being a terrorist sympathiser.
She goes on to use public money to settle her libel case and then she tries to cover up just how much taxpayers’ money she has wasted.
Are those the actions of someone with integrity and professionalism—yes or no?
As the Minister responsible for UK Research and Innovation, I was alerted to a tweet by officials in my Department, which stated, “This is disturbing” and to the comment: “Suella Braverman urges police to crack down on Hamas support in UK”, with no further context or wording.
That was posted by a representative of an equality, diversity and inclusion board that sits under UKRI.
At the time, like many others, I was indeed concerned and used the forum that the person used to alert UKRI to my concerns.
This was highlighted using that medium, but on receipt of the letter, UKRI itself said that it was deeply concerned and launched an investigation.
WhatsApp can be very handy, but it can also be very dangerous.
Its end-to-end encryption means that even the most vile illegal content, such as child sexual abuse, cannot be policed or prevented.
Given the obvious dangers to children, does the Secretary of State agree that it is woefully irresponsible of Meta to reduce the age for using WhatsApp to 13?
We are pro-innovation, but also pro-privacy.
However, it is clearly not right for anyone to be exposed on any service to harms such as sexual abuse, extortion or grooming.
Platforms must have robust processes in place to safeguard children, in line with the Online Safety Act 2023.
Responsible encryption has an important role to play in protecting privacy, but it should not compromise safety, and Ofcom will take robust action when that is compromised.
At the Lords Science and Technology Committee, the Secretary of State said there had been no surveillance of academics in that case.
What was the evidence, then, on which she based her decision to write to the UKRI chief executive?
I have answered that multiple times.
An official alerted me to those concerns.
I then saw the tweet myself and asked the Department for further advice.
The Kettering-based company In2tec is the only company in the world that can manufacture and completely recycle circuit board technology.
The potential for it and for the UK is huge.
Will the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation be kind enough please to visit In2tec in Kettering to see this groundbreaking innovation for himself?
In2tec is indeed a great example of innovation in sustainable electronics.
I am pleased that it has benefited from £250,000 in UK support.
It would be my pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency in Kettering, and I believe we have a date soon.
Following the confidence and supply agreement with the previous Government, Northern Ireland should have virtually 100% access to fibre broadband, which is a first in any of these islands.
Does the Minister agree that Northern Ireland and other regions in the UK should take full advantage of that broadband access to maximise employment opportunities across these islands?
Absolutely.
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of gigabit broadband to the economy.
I am very glad to say that 95% of Northern Ireland has that access—the highest percentage in the country.
That is a tribute to the work done between central Government and the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Why should people living in rural areas be second-class citizens when it comes to mobile phone coverage?
We agree; that is why we have the shared rural network programme, which is dealing with a lot of those notspot problems.
Black students studying science, technology, engineering and maths subjects are leaving education in great numbers.
What is the Minister doing to identify the challenges and help the progression of black students in STEM subjects?
The Government are absolutely committed to expanding STEM opportunities.
A key way of doing that is building mathematical capabilities and helping girls and minorities to stick with maths, which is why the Prime Minister has announced our ambition to see all young people receive maths education until they are 18.
There is a high incidence of respiratory disease in Amber Valley.
What more can the Government do to increase investment in research on respiratory conditions in the areas that need that research most?
The Medical Research Council is benefiting from the highest ever level of research spending, but I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about what more we can do in this important area.