The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 17 April.
We are joined today in the Gallery by postmasters caught up in the Horizon IT scandal.
It is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our history, which is why we have introduced a Bill to quash convictions, delivered schemes to ensure swift compensation, and established an independent inquiry.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that towns such as Barnstaple—the main transport hub in North Devon, serving hundreds of square miles—should have a fully functioning bus station?
Liberal Democrat-run North Devon Council has not reopened ours since the pandemic, leaving residents out in the cold with no public facilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, as people start to feel the difference as a result of tax cuts and falling inflation, we should be making it easier for people to use the bus, come to town and support Barnstaple’s local economy?
Will he join me in calling on the Lib Dems to get on with reopening the bus station?
We know how vital bus services are for communities right across the country.
That is why we are providing Devon with £17 million to deliver better bus services, and we introduced the £2 fare bus cap.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport recently visited my hon.
Friend and saw the benefits of reopening Barnstaple bus station, and it is clear that the local Liberal Democrats should just get on and do it.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I, too, welcome the postmasters in the Gallery, in their quest for justice.
This week we marked 35 years since the disaster at Hillsborough, and the enduring courage and determination of the families must be marked by the passing of a Hillsborough law.
We also lost Lord Richard Rosser, a lifelong member of the Labour party.
He will be greatly missed, and our thoughts are with his wife Sheena and his family and friends.
I am privileged to be the proud owner of a copy of the former Prime Minister’s new book.
It is a rare unsigned copy; it is the only unsigned copy.
It is quite the read.
She claims that the Tory party’s disastrous kamikaze Budget, which triggered chaos for millions, was the “happiest moment” of her premiership.
Has the Prime Minister met anyone with a mortgage who agrees?
All I would say is that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman ought to spend a bit less time reading that book, and a bit more time reading the Deputy Leader’s tax advice.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to get through Prime Minister’s questions.
We have a billionaire Prime Minister, and a billionaire—[Interruption.]
Both of whose families have used schemes to avoid millions of pounds of tax, smearing a working-class woman.
[Interruption.]
The former Prime Minister has a long list of people to blame for the economic misery.
Conservative Members do not want to hear it, but they made her Prime Minister, and millions of people are paying the price.
She blames the Governor of the Bank of England, the Treasury, the Office for Budget Responsibility.
The American President is blamed at one point.
We even learn that the poor old lettuce was part of the “deep state”.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is actually much simpler than that?
It was the Tories’ unfunded tax cuts—tens of billions of pounds of unfunded tax cuts—that crashed the economy and left millions paying more for their mortgages, wasn’t it?
Everyone knows that two years ago I was not afraid to repeatedly warn about what my predecessor’s economic policies would lead to, even if it was not what people wanted to hear at the time.
I was right then, but I am also right now when I say that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s economic policies would be a disaster for Britain.
He would send inflation up, mortgages up and taxes up, and working people would pay the price.
I appreciate the Prime Minister having the stomach to say that out loud, but everyone knows that it is the Tory party’s obsession with wild, unfunded tax cuts that crashed the economy.
We know it, he knows it and his party knows it, and the whole country is living it.
When is he finally going to learn the lesson from his predecessor’s mistakes and explain where the money is coming from for his own completely unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
When my predecessor was running for leader, I did have—to use the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s words—the stomach to argue out loud about her economic policies.
I had the conviction to say  that they were wrong—not once, but twice.
He tried to make his predecessor Prime Minister, despite him opposing NATO and Trident, ignoring antisemitism and siding with our enemies.
It is clear what the right hon.
and learned Gentleman did: he put his own interests ahead of Britain’s.
Actually, when the Prime Minister was running for leader, he explained how he was funnelling money from poor areas to pay it into richer areas.
We know what his record is.
I notice the Prime Minister is not denying the £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance, but he is refusing to say where the money will come from.
We have been trying for months to get to the bottom of this, so now is his chance.
No more spin, no more waffle, no more diversion—I know that will be difficult.
This is the choice: either he can cut the state pension or the NHS, which national insurance funds—that is route one—or he can put up income tax.
Which one is it?
We have just cut taxes by £900 for a typical worker.
We have delivered the biggest tax cut for businesses since the 1980s.
But while we are cutting taxes, Labour is already putting them up.
In Wales, it is putting up taxes right now for small businesses.
In Birmingham, it is putting up council tax by 21%.
In London, the Labour Mayor has put up taxes by 70%.
This is just a glimpse of what they would do if they got into power.
A few weeks ago, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman finally admitted it to The Sun.
What did he say he would do?
He said, “We would put up taxes.”
It is always the same: higher taxes, and working people paying the price.
No single politician has ever put tax up more times than the Prime Minister has.
But hang on, he was just given the chance to rule out cutting the NHS or state pensions to pay for scrapping national insurance.
I was a lawyer long enough to know when someone is avoiding the question, so I am going to give him another chance.
Will he now rule out cuts to the NHS, cuts to the state pension or putting up taxes to pay for his unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
Which is it?
I make absolutely no apology about wanting to end the unfairness of the double taxation on work.
The NHS is receiving record funding under this Conservative Government.
Pensioners have just received a £900 increase under this Government.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about tax, let us have a look at what Labour’s brand newly appointed tax adviser has to say.
This adviser thinks that supporting pensioners is “a complete disgrace”.
He believes their free TV licences are “ridiculous”.
If it was not bad enough, this adviser has called for increases in income tax, national insurance and VAT.
It all makes sense now—that is who the shadow Chancellor has been copying and pasting from.
This is genuinely extraordinary: two chances to rule out cuts to state pensions, cuts to the NHS, or income tax rises to fund his promise to abolish national insurance—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Holden, I want you to set a good example, not a bad one.
This really matters.
The Prime Minister has had two chances to rule out cuts to the NHS, cuts to pensions or tax rises.
This matters to millions of people watching who will want to know what is going to happen to their NHS and pensions—[Interruption.]
It really does matter to millions of people who are watching, so I will be really generous now and give him one last chance.
It is very simple and very clear.
Is his £46 billion promise to abolish national insurance being paid for by cuts to the NHS, cuts to the state pension or yet another Tory tax rise?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has really got to keep up.
It is this Government who have just delivered a £900 increase to the state pension.
It is this Government who have already committed to the triple lock for the next Parliament.
He has had six opportunities, but I do not think I heard him say that.
When it comes to the NHS, you would much rather be treated in the Conservative-run NHS in England than in the Labour-run NHS in Wales.
It is another week where all we have heard is political sniping.
Not a word about their plans for the country.
He has failed to acknowledge that since we last met, taxes have been cut by £900, the state pension has gone up, free childcare has been expanded, wages have risen for nine months in a row and just today, inflation is down again, to 3.2%.
Our plan is working and the Conservatives are delivering a brighter future for Britain.
Mr Speaker, you will not be surprised to learn that I very much welcome the £20 million allocated to Carlton in my constituency as part of the long-term plan for towns.
I am eager to see that this money is spent according to local wishes.
I know that there will be consultations following the setting up of the town board, so will my right hon.
Friend join me in urging Carlton residents to take part in those forthcoming consultations to make sure that their voices are heard and to ensure that this money is spent on what the people want?