and build related capacity for the Federal Government, H.R. 7525, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidance to agencies requiring special districts to be recognized as local government for the purpose of Federal financial assistance determinations, H.R. 4467, to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to assess contracts for covered services performed by contractor personnel along the United States land border with Mexico, H.R. 599, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3500 West 6th Street, Suite 103 in Los Angeles, California, as the ``Dosan Ahn Chang Ho Post Office'', H.R. 1060, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1663 East Date Place in San Bernardino, California, as the ``Dr. Margaret B. Hill Post Office Building'', H.R. 1098, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 50 East Derry Road in East Derry, New Hampshire, as the ``Chief Edward B. Garone Post Office'', H.R. 1555, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2300 Sylvan Avenue in Modesto, California, as the ``Corporal Michael D. Anderson Jr. Post Office Building'', H.R. 3608, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 28081 Marguerite Parkway in Mission Viejo, California, as the ``Major Megan McClung Post Office Building'', H.R. 3728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 Dorchester Avenue, Room 1, in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ``Caroline Chang Post Office'', H.R. 5476, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1077 River Road, Suite 1, in Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, as the ``Susan C. Barnhart Post Office'', H.R. 5640, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 12804 Chillicothe Road in Chesterland, Ohio, as the ``Sgt. Wolfgang Kyle Weninger Post Office Building'', H.R. 5712, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont Street in Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 517 Seagaze Drive in Oceanside, California, as the ``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office Building'', H.R. 6073, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office Building'', H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd Street in Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 333 West Broadway in Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr. William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office Building'', H.R. 7199, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at S74w16860 Janesville Road, in Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg Post Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 103 Benedette Street in Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke Letlow Post Office Building'', and the nominations of Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong Truong, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez, and Joseph Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court.
SD-342 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2695, to amend the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, S. 3857, to take certain land in the State of California into trust for the benefit of the Jamul Indian Village of California, S. 4442, to amend the Crow Tribe Water Rights Settlement Act of 2010 to make improvements to that Act, and S. 4505, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of Ohkay Owingeh in the Rio Chama Stream System, to restore the Bosque on Pueblo Land in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomination of Patrice H. Kunesh, of Minnesota, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission.
SD-628 2 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Subcommittee on Food and Nutrition, Specialty Crops, Organics, and Research To hold hearings to examine keeping kids learning in the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program.
SD-562 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine the macroeconomic impacts of potential tax reform in 2025.
SD-538 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine Russia's imperial identity.
2358C-RHOB