Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the life and legacy ``Chuck'' Priore.
Born in Buffalo, New York on December 15, 1975, Chuck was the youngest of three boys born to Charley and Laurie Priore.
After graduating from Bishop Timon High School in 1994, Chuck entered the workforce and ultimately landed a job as a hazardous materials specialist with EarthTech.
While working for EarthTech, Chuck traveled throughout the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic.
In the weeks leading up to the September 11th terror attacks, Chuck and his co-workers were assigned to a job in Queens.
When the attacks occurred, his team was redirected from their job site to the World Trade Center where they worked in 24-hour continuous shifts cleaning up debris from the fallen towers.
His life and the lives of his future wife and children were forever changed by the time he spent doing his job, serving his country, and answering the call in the days following the attacks.
In the months following, Chuck returned home to Buffalo and joined Laborers' Union Local 210.
In 2008, two years after the birth of his son, Kevin, he became a Corrections Officer with the Erie County Sheriff's Office and served in that role until 2021.
In the fall of 2009, Chuck met his now-wife, Cate Flanagan, at the Buffalo Irish Center.
They later moved into the same neighborhood that Chuck grew up in to start their lives together and raise a family.
On June 25, 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Chuck was diagnosed with bladder cancer linked to his time at the World Trade Center after the 9/11 attacks.
He underwent treatment and surgery but passed away on August 17, 2024, after being admitted to hospice care.
Chuck's passing leaves behind his beloved wife Cate, and two children, Kevin and Ciara who now face life without him.
His sacrifice is a solemn reminder of the lasting impact of dedicated service in the face of tragedy.
As we remember Charles ``Chuck'' Priore we grieve the loss of a beloved friend and dedicated public servant and find solace in knowing that his legacy lives on.