Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act.''
I thank my colleagues, Representatives Jared Huffman (D-CA), Jim Costa (D-CA), Ann M. Kuster (D-NH), and Suzanne Bonamici (D-OR) for cosponsoring my House bill.
As the former Deputy Secretary of the Interior, I know our national conservation goals cannot be achieved through public land ownership alone.
The federal and state governments can and must work with private landowners who want to do their part to conserve America's natural landscapes, as my family did for our cattle ranch in 1998.
This Act would unlock billions in federal funding to help states conserve working forestlands, create local jobs, and support sustainable forest management practices that reduce wildfire risk.
The ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' would allow States to choose to designate accredited, nonprofit land trusts to hold conservation easements purchased with federal funding under the U.S. Forest Service's Forest Legacy Program.
Current law requires that only the federal or state governments can hold conservation easements purchased under the Forest Legacy Program.
Allowing States participating in the federal Forest Legacy Program the flexibility to partner with accredited, nonprofit land trusts will help permanently conserve more land by working with private landowners who want to have their land conserved but are wary of selling the federal or state governments an easement on their property.
Expanding opportunities to conserve working forestlands will benefit our rural economies and encourage sustainable forest management practices that help prevent wildfires.
This Act maintains the integrity of the Forest Legacy Program by holding all accredited, nonprofit land trusts participating in the Program to the highest possible standards.
In addition, it implements safeguards to prevent misuse of the Program and allows the U.S. Forest Service or State to reclaim easements if a land trust falls into noncompliance with the Program.
We will need every tool in the toolbox to advance the Biden-Harris Administration's ``America the Beautiful'' National Conservation Goal to conserve at least 30 percent of the lands and waters in the United States by 2030 and Governor Newsom's similar conservation goal for the State.
This Act takes a critical step towards meeting these goals and protecting our country's natural resources and forests for future generations.
The ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' would unlock new opportunities and funding for permanent land conservation.
My colleagues and I are honored to introduce this legislation to preserve America's working forests and bolster our rural economies.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members to join us in cosponsoring this bill.