I believe that the Bill should go to Committee.
We need sunlight on it to make sure that, if it passes, it has been subjected to detailed consideration of its wording and an understanding of what those words mean for people on the ground, working in our NHS, teaching the children in our schools and working in safeguarding, and for parents, who are a priority.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) .
Reflecting on her words and in particular how she summed up her point, our Parliament, our democracy, our way of making law, works best when friends disagree well.
Moving the Bill into Committee is absolutely the right thing to do.
It is a step in the right direction in what is acknowledged right across the House as a complicated issue.
I believe that we are doing it some justice today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  on promoting this much needed Bill.
Members throughout the House appreciate all the work that he has put in.
This issue is very complicated.
He has gone to great lengths to build as many bridges as possible and to get the ball rolling on this serious matter.
The Bill sets out a clear objective: to tackle and prohibit practices that seek to change someone’s sexual orientation or their gender identity.
Taking this step will go a long way towards protecting trans people and indeed LGBT people.
From correspondence I have received and through the surgeries I have had with members of the trans and LGBT community, I know just how important and impactful the issue is for my constituents.
Throughout my time as an MP, I have been consistent in my opposition towards all forms of conversion practices and in my support for a trans-inclusive ban on conversion therapy, so I am pleased to speak in support of the Bill.
To be clear, I welcome the work and the progress that this Conservative Government have made in advancing the rights of the LGBT community.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  is not in her place, but she clearly made the Conservative case for protecting the individual, for championing people’s  individuality.
That is why I speak today as well.
Ensuring that those in the LGBT community are able to live freely and happily is something to which I know even my ministerial colleagues are utterly committed.
On some specifics, I welcome the Bill’s clear framework in defining what conversion practices are and the nature of the new offences.
I accept there is more to do, but a framework is where we start.
The hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown is right to focus on the highly organised, planned activities and operations where a huge amount of harm takes place.
By having that type of focus, I think we can better measure the success of the measures in the Bill, should it become law.
Having combed through the Bill, it is clear that great care has gone into making sure that a range of groups, including different faiths, have been properly heard.
That is vital in considering the complexity surrounding the issue and the need to make the new offences completely watertight.
Members will know how incredibly difficult it is to strike the right balance on an issue such as this, and to maintain religious freedom while cracking down on harmful conversion practices.
I believe that the Bill successfully treads that path.
By taking a tough stance on the very worst conversion practices, we can help to ensure that LGBT people are able to live their lives free from the suppression of their gender and sexual orientation.
No one in this country should be subject to the erosion and undue manipulation of their own identity.
I hope that Members in all parts of this House support the hon.
Gentleman’s Bill, and that we do not delay any further in getting it through to the next stages for further deliberation on the finer details.
Let me begin by telling a little story that may surprise some Members who have made assumptions and judgments about my position on policies of this type.
When my party leader, Alex Salmond, introduced equal marriage to Scotland, it was done in a collaborative and supportive way, involving proper engagement with all members of the community.
All the Churches were involved, through an assembly process.
It was a smooth and positive campaign that delivered real, meaningful change.
I have not availed myself of it, because I am happy to stick with the old-style civil partnership—my partner and I are very comfortable with that—but for those who want a marriage ceremony, it is brilliant.
After the introduction of equal marriage at the beginning of 2015, the Equality Network, which had led the campaign for it, organised a consultation on what the priority should be for equalities campaigning in Scotland.
So I trundled off to Edinburgh on a cold dark March evening to sit in a room with a large group of people—transexual people, transgender people and gay people.
I was the only politician who had turned up on that cold evening, and I was full-throated in my support for advancing disability and inclusion rights and the rights of transgender people.
What I had never signed up for, however, was the insinuation of queer theory into the rights movement and the equality movement, and the pernicious effect that it would have.
I had not realised how dangerous and disruptive that movement was until I spoke up, very politely, and said a simple thing: “Women are not being listened to in the trans debate.”