That is why the predetermined purpose is so important in the Bill.
Rather than having arguments about which evidence is better, I have sought a way to find a framework that addresses the real or perceived problems of what it is claimed is happening in any direction.
I think we should all agree that it is abuse and the Bill will stop it.
I understand the nervousness of some in the trans community who have been subjected to a decade of victimisation, but the Bill will protect and support them.
I understand the wariness of many counsellors and psychotherapists who have been attacked in one direction or another, and who are fleeing the profession because of the lack of guidelines in this area.
The Bill will help to re-set the debate with a framework that focuses on predetermined purposed.
It means that if you explore or support people through a process, you will always be protected.
When people insist that you must have a predetermined outcome in mind at the start of a process, you will now have the guidelines and can push back, saying, “That is not within the scope of what I can do in law.”
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the Bill.
Childline has talked about how young people have contacted them feeling torn and talking about what they are going through.
They need a safe, non-judgmental space.
Does he agree that his Bill will do just that?
I hope it does.
Yesterday, all the major counselling, therapeutic and health organisations provisionally agreed an indicative vote to support the Bill, with no organisation voting against.
The British Medical Association and the Royal College of Nursing support a ban on conversion practices.
Let us come to the evidence I have been asked for.
The Government themselves did a survey in 2017, and more recently commissioned a piece of work in 2023, indicating that this is a live issue.
According to the research, one in five people have been subject to someone trying to change, cure or suppress their sexual orientation or transgender identity.
More than one in five people from a religious and faith background, and one in six from a non-religious background, have experienced conversion therapy.
When  the hon.
Member for Devizes (Danny Kruger)  attended one of my drop-in briefings on the Bill, he asked about the number of young people who have been affected by such practices.
In a weighted YouGov survey—using its usual weighting metrics—of 2,000 people in 2023, 10% of those aged over 65 said they had undergone or been offered conversion therapy, whereas the figure was 8% for 16 to 17-year-olds, and 7% for 18 to 34-year-olds—shockingly high.
It shows that this is a live issue.
It is the same with the NSPCC, as we have heard: over 50 young people phoned its helpline last year, saying that they were being threatened with, or subjected to, conversion practices.
I know that some Members would prefer to bring in a ban on sexual orientation conversion practices—LGB only—and not touch on the transgender elements.
There are a couple of reasons why I think that would be a foolish approach.
First, the Government have themselves carried out reviews and repeatedly said that we need a trans-inclusive ban.
In fact, Ministers have said that trans conversion is their main concern.
They cannot say it is a huge concern that people might be converted from being transgender, and then say we do not need a ban on either-way conversion therapy.
Secondly, we must recognise that LGB and transgender are separate, but they are interlinked.
People exploring their sexual orientation will sometimes come to consider their transgender status.
To not include transgender would allow a loophole whereby people who wanted to force someone to be gay, but not trans, could claim that they were offering transgender therapy, rather than LGB therapy, which would make the Bill useless.
Thirdly, there is pretty well-established research on the LGB conversion therapy problem, but there is significant and growing research, from Britain and around the world, that conversion therapy is a problem for the transgender community as well.
In fact, the Minister for Women and Equalities,  the right hon.
Member for Saffron Walden (Kemi Badenoch) , said in a letter on  7 February  that she had significant evidence that children might be subjected to conversion practices for being transgender.
I have not seen the evidence—I do not  endorse it per se—but I have seen significant accounts from many survivors who have been forced not to be transgender.
All sides are saying this is happening.
The direction of conversion is irrelevant, but it is an indication that we need to take action, and my Bill does so.
My hon.
Friend mentioned the NSPCC’s report on the challenges that young people are facing about sexuality and gender identity.
The findings include that 3,400 children and young people in the last year wanted to talk to counsellors about their worries about sexuality or gender identity.
Some of these children described instances of emotional abuse in the family home, including constant shouting, hurtful comments and threats of violence.
Some children had been threatened with, or had undergone, some form of conversion practice intended to cure their sexuality or gender identity.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in passing this Bill, we will help prevent more children from being subjected to that, and send a clear message that we will not allow people to suffer the painful abuse of so-called conversion practices?
I quite agree.
This Bill stops parents sending their children to conversion practices; it does not promise to solve the world for LGBT people.
I cannot promise that parents will not shout or be abusive, or that people will not say nasty things—I am afraid that is the nature of a democratic society sometimes.
But what we can do is stop premeditated purposes, processes, courses of conduct and activities that aim to do something that cannot be done.
That is what every other Bill in the world on this topic has done.
The Bill goes in both directions.
Whatever the direction of the conversion, it is abhorrent and must be stopped.
Some have said to me that the existing legislation covers violent and physical acts, and of course it does—violent, abusive and bullying coercion and harassment can be caught under current crimes—but the Government’s 2021 consultation said that new criminal law is needed to fill the gap between physical abuse and a process that causes long-term harm.
The Bill therefore makes a clear statement that conversion practices should be illegal and that the most egregious cases should be prosecuted.
It avoids clashing with existing laws focused on harm—doing so would result in survivors being retraumatised through lengthy court battles—and instead looks at the intent behind the actions.
To get the balance right, the Bill clarifies that certain actions will not constitute an offence.
The hon.
Gentleman is talking about abusive practices and practices that cause harm.
Of course, we all condemn anything that is abusive and, as he says, the vast majority of those acts are already covered by law, but the Bill does not actually mention abuse, or indeed harm.
There is not a threshold of harm beyond which a practice, which could be a speech-based activity, is unlawful.
For example, a detransitioner—he mentioned Keira Bell—trying to persuade an individual not to go ahead with surgery or hormone treatment that would have a permanent impact could be caught by the Bill, yet many of us would not say that is harmful or abusive; in fact, it is the opposite.
Would that person not be caught by the Bill?
I do not believe that the Bill would catch people who express personal reservations about certain processes; it would catch people who have prepared programmes and activities, not ad hoc activities.
I will come on to that safeguard in a moment.
That is exactly why we need to get the words and safeguards right, and why we need to do so in a Bill Committee.
We must not reject the Bill, because the hon.
Lady might find that we go out of the frying pan into the fire.
The Bill allows Ministers in Northern Ireland and Scotland to enact it within their jurisdictions, but only with the consent of their respective national legislators.
It creates offences in relation to people being sent abroad, and it uses existing language for the law to provide fines to be issued.
My aim is not to lock people up but to stop this practice.
The key to the Bill is contained in the definition of “conversion practice”, which must be “a course of conduct or activity”.
A course of conduct in English law is something that happens more than once, and an activity is not ad hoc but a planned intervention.
That does not include one-off, impromptu actions; there must be a predetermined purpose.
That is a higher threshold than just immediate intent.
The predetermined outcome must have been indicated before the course of conduct or activity started, not during it.
That provision protects people having thoughtful conversations, who could of course question people via that process.
The Bill says: “to change someone’s sexual orientation or to change a person to or from being transgender” includes “to suppress a sexual orientation or transgender identity”.
I know some have been nervous about that wording, but I must be clear that suppression must be at the level of negating the identity or orientation.
That means that the very being of their orientation must be changed in some way.
Many gay people never have sex.
Many transgender people do not wear gendered clothes.
Those actions do not constitute suppression; they do not negate the orientation or identity in full or in part.
It cannot be claimed that this wording is therefore an overreach.
The Bill would use only pre-existing terms from other laws to describe “sexual orientation”, “transgender” and “transgender identity”.
I have received an interesting representation in the past few days that we should use the term “being transgender”, rather than the interchangeable terms “transgender” and “transgender identity”, with “transgender” being more clearly defined in the law we have at the moment.
If that is better wording, it is the sort of thing I would willingly accept in Committee, after we have had the discussion.
That is a real reason for us to get into Committee and work out those details.
Sexual orientation is, of course, defined in the Equality Act 2010 in terms of a person having sexual feelings towards “(a) persons of the same sex, (b) persons of the opposite sex, or (c) persons of either sex.”
That definition is used in section 66 of the Sentencing Act 2020, where “transgender” is defined in subsection (6)(e) as follows: “references to being transgender include references to being transsexual, or undergoing, proposing to undergo or having undergone a process or part of a process of gender reassignment”.
The term “transgender” is also used in subsection 1(e), which states: “hostility related to transgender identity”.
Members might not like these terms and they might not think they should be in law already, but they are.
It therefore seems strange that we then get caught up in a debate on things that this House has already decided upon.
The hon.
Gentleman has not yet referred to clause 7.
I would be most interested to know whether he is going to explain how this review would operate.
It applies in different places, with different terms, and it proposes amendments.
At the moment, it looks completely unworkable and will put people in a position where they could be criminalised, guilty of an offence, but at the end of the day the amendments could be then made—what on earth do the courts make of all that?
I will come on to every clause as we go through this, so the hon.
Gentleman does not have to worry about that.
This is a contentious area, and we have heard in the debates in the other place about how people are genuinely and understandably worried, so I have sought clarifications on several areas.
I believe that the balances are correct, but I of course acknowledge that there is a lot of fear in this area and that sometimes, no matter what reassurance one can give in law, people remain fearful until they realise that the practice actually protects.
I hope that Members will look at the wording and application of these clarifications carefully, as they cover all the examples that I have been sent.
I still have not found one that is not clear in this Bill.
On the expression of religious belief, I might not like the fact that a priest or another religious figure can stand up on their religious day and say there should not be LGBT people or that they should convert.
In my view, that is not a pleasant thing to say, but it is also not conversion practice.
We have ensured that as long as it is not targeted to a specific individual and as a course of conduct—a repeated activity towards an individual—it will never be an offence.
As Lord Herbert said in the other place: “We should never legislate lightly in the religious sphere, but Parliament has done so before to prevent harm.”—[Official
Report, House of Lords,  9 February 2024 ; Vol. 835, c. 1896.]
We should do so again.
This clause allows full compliance with human rights law and does not restrict the general expression of religious belief.
On freedom of expression, we have a similar clause: the expression of acceptance or disapproval may be distasteful to an individual, but it is not conversion practice.
Even repeated expressions to an individual, unless they form part of a predetermined purpose that is planned as a course of conduct, are not captured in this Bill.
We have heard from practitioners who worry that they are currently working in the “wild west”, particularly in respect of counselling and therapy.
There are few guidelines about how they can conduct their practice in this area and people on all sides shout at them, saying that one thing or another is conversion therapy.
This Bill will, for the first time, give health practitioners the  protection they need.
Health practitioners are regulated or overseen by the Professional Standards Authority, which is following their professional judgments.
The PSA was established by Parliament and regulates the statutory regulators and the non-statutory registers.
There are 12 non-statutory accredited registers for counsellors or psychotherapists in the PSA, with the two largest being those of the UK Council for Psychotherapy and the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy, but the list includes smaller specialist organisations such as the Association of Christians in Counselling and Linked Professions or the UK Association for Humanistic Psychology Practitioners.
Health practitioners are free to choose the relevant body to join.
Each accredited register is entitled to develop its own approach to sexual orientation and transgender identity.
There is already a diversity of views within those bodies, but none has objected to the Bill going to Committee.
The hon.
Member is certainly trying very hard to provide a carve-out—an exception—to allow health practitioners to explore professionally with their clients their sexual and transgender identities.
However, the carve-out means that the health practitioner must comply with regulatory and professional standards.
Is he aware that most of the bodies he lists, and that are listed in the Bill, including the NHS, have signed up to a memorandum of understanding that basically insists that therapists pursue a gender-affirmatory approach?
A therapist that did not pursue a gender-affirmatory approach and deliberately set out to help somebody not, as he terms it, become transgender would be in contravention of clause 1(2)(c) and therefore caught under the Bill.
The hon.
Member says exactly the right word: “most”, but not all.
Therapists who take a different approach will join a different organisation and get the same protection, because they will be following that organisation’s regulatory approach.
In fact, the UK Council for Psychotherapy recently released a statement saying that exploratory therapy is an acceptable form of practice within the requirement of not having a “predetermined purpose”.
The Bill does not support or prevent different forms of care, such as gender affirming or exploratory care.
That is for the regulatory bodies to determine.
What the Bill does is stop a “predetermined purpose” of offering change.
Some people have asked me to remove the “pre-determined” requirement for the health sector.
They claim that it is circular and already the basis of the Bill, and that we do not need it.
But without it, the chilling effect that many health practitioners feel in this area—hence they are leaving it—would continue.
The Bill will allow practitioners to explore all forms of care, while having a framework to respond to someone who says, “You must say that I am this at the end of my therapy.”
Practitioners can now say, “I cannot do that under law.
I have to explore.
I have to work with you and support you.”
That is what therapists should do, that is what they want to do, but at the moment, that is what they are struggling to do.
This is a developing field and we need a framework that allows new evidence to be heard.
Some have claimed that we should wait for the Cass report or that we should rule out some sorts of care.
That would be dangerous.
The Cass report will not be the end of the  discussion of children and transgender.
One sort of care might be useful for one group of people but not for another.
It is up to the regulated bodies to produce guidelines.
Such evidence should be treated by them, not deliberated here in the House.
The hon.
Member is giving a powerful speech.
On the Cass review, does he want to highlight the fact that Dr Hilary Cass has said that absolutely nothing in her work should stop a conversion practices Bill going through this place?
Exactly.
I very much welcome that statement.
In fact, the Bill produces a framework that Dr Cass’s review can inform as things change and move forward.
People who are not health practitioners but assist a person undergoing a regulated course of treatment, such as a receptionists or drivers, are protected under the Bill.
If someone is questioning, exploring or developing coping skills—a role often taken by teachers or youth workers, which is my previous profession—they will receive clarity on the range of support they can offer.
One of the most controversial areas in the Government’s Bill was how it dealt with parents.
It is my view that parents have a darn hard life already raising their children and we should not create new burdens for them.
The Bill says that if someone is exercising parental responsibility and considers the welfare of their child as paramount, nothing they do will be an offence under the Bill.
We refer to the Children Act 1989 and use the language in well-established bodies of law.
We should not be messing with how children are treated in this way.
I appreciate how much the hon.
Gentleman is giving way; it allows us to have a proper debate.
I recognise how he is trying to protect parents.
The definition he just read out states that as long as the parent is acting in the best interests of the child, they are not guilty of conversion practices.
Nevertheless, can he not see that if the police or a prosecutor were to determine that the conversations that the parent was having in essence amounted to conversion practice in the form of trying to change their child’s gender identity or sexuality, it would be very possible to suggest that they are not acting in the best interests of the child and therefore to accuse them of conversion practices?
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to do the right thing here and that he has no intention of intervening in family life.
Nevertheless, the law that he is proposing would very easily lead to exactly the prosecutions that he is trying to avoid.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that the wording does not give parents a blank cheque for abuse, because the law already does not allow that.
The law already sets the bar for courts’ determination on the welfare of a child.
The courts already have a system to determine if there is a dispute between parents.
The courts, or local authorities, already have a requirement to intervene where there is serious risk to a child.
That is why I have used that body of law.
Again, I do not think that it is our place to meddle with that body of well-established practice law.
If he feels that there are words  that would make that clearer, that is a case for sending the Bill to Committee and tabling amendments, and I will genuinely ensure that they get a hearing.
The Bill reflects the limits in existing statute about where parents’ behaviour can go from supporting their child, through challenging conversations, to abuse.
I am slightly concerned that there is a risk that some who oppose the Bill are suggesting that, if a parent’s challenging of their child’s LGBT inherent nature—who they are—becomes abuse, that is somehow acceptable: that being LGBT is a perversion and therefore that someone can be abusive to their child if they are LGBT, something they have not chosen but is inherent to who they are.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree?
I quite agree.
I have spoken to lots of people who have undergone conversion practices, often pushed by their parents.
Almost none of them has said to me that they want their parents prosecuted; almost all have said that they want the practice to stop.
That is the difference.
That is what the Bill will do.
I acknowledge that there are many areas in which we may need clarity when the Bill is in operation.
The Bill would require the Secretary of State to produce full guidance, and it would require devolved bodies to do so if the Bill is applied in their areas.
While there is no ability to change the core offence in the Bill, clarificatory amendments are allowed under the affirmative procedure, which requires a vote in both Houses.
It can never look back, but it can change things going forward when it needs to.
The Bill would create an offence of sending someone abroad, using the same framework as that for female genital mutilation, an established piece of law that is already on the statute book.
Other Bills have tried to lock people up for these practices.
To me, that seems totally foolish.
Broadly, I do not believe in sending people to prison if we can find other ways to stop the practice.
Therefore, I propose a fine not exceeding level 5 for conviction of an either-way offence in the magistrates court or the Crown Court, depending on the defendant or the prosecutor.
Some ask: “Why not a civil fine rather than a criminal fine?”
It is quite simple.
The balance of probabilities is the test in civil law, and beyond reasonable doubt the test in criminal law.
Do people want a lower threshold or a higher threshold?
I have chosen the higher threshold to ensure that we get only the egregious cases.
We have seen the scandal of the Post Office, and many people have expressed a fear of activist groups on either side—using money from America or big donors—bringing private prosecutions and creating a chilling effect.
At the suggestion of the Gay Men’s Network, but supported by all the people I have spoken to, I have prevented that from happening by allowing prosecutions only with the approval of the Director of Public Prosecutions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
If the Bill is enacted by the Scottish Government, those protections already exist in Scotland.
Finally, on penalties, we have sought to ensure that those with responsibility as charity trustees who are convicted under the Bill will be debarred from holding office.
Being a trustee is a position of trust, and these practices often happen in those settings.
The Charity Commission could, on application, remove that debarring if it wished to do so.
On the review clause, which  the hon.
Member for Stone (Sir William Cash)  mentioned, almost everyone I spoke to was clear that the Bill is a start, but that they want to go further—some in one direction, by giving the Bill greater scope, and others in the direction of greater clarification.
I have deliberately written the Bill to be narrow in scope.
It will not have the ability to overreach.
Many people feel that it will not capture all practices, but I understand that we must start somewhere and then move forward.
That is why I included in the Bill, using wording from the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011—a process that we have already used—a four-year review clause, requiring the Secretary of State to set up a committee that has a majority of Members of this House but also other experts, to recommend amendments to the Bill.
Of course, that committee would not be binding on this House; we would still have a vote.
Having met with numerous people, I believe I have created a balanced and fair Bill.
Is it perfect?
No.
Is it a good start to the process?
Yes.
Should we take it to Committee and continue our work?
Yes.
For too long, this place has found reasons to take no action; we have allowed the perfect to be the enemy of the good.
The Bill should go to Committee, and I promise to appoint a diverse range of voices to that Committee.
We should continue the dialogue and find practical solutions via amendments and tweaks, but not the grandstanding that we have had up to this point, of which I am as guilty as anyone.
We should go to Committee and suggest amendments and greater clarifications.
To frustrate this Bill today when we have pledged for so many years to pass this legislation would be an indictment of this place.
To frustrate this Bill today would be to break the pledges of the last five Prime Ministers, and the promises made at the last election and before that.
Most importantly, to frustrate this Bill today would be to let down the survivors and future victims, and it is to them that I give the very last word.
In the last year—not in the last decade, but in the last 12 months—Childline has had over 50 testimonies from young people.
I will read one, from a girl aged 18: “When I was younger, I told my parents I thought I was bi and they sent me to a counsellor who tried to convince me I was straight, and that my desire to be ‘different’ was purely for attention.
Even though that was years ago, the effects of the counselling are still ongoing.
It’s left me with a lot of guilt and confusion around who I am and how I’m supposed to act around other people.”
This Bill would stop that.
It is for those people that we must act today.
This is our first chance to do so; let us not let them down.
I am often asked why I fight for a ban on conversion therapy.
People say, “Surely there must be some personal connection.
Surely you must have some personal history,” but I do not.
In fact, there is no one in my family who is LGBT; we may be the only family in the UK without someone who is LGBT.
The reason I do it is because fundamentally, as a Conservative, I have a duty to defend individual freedoms.
I believe that the state should stay out of people’s lives, but it should protect the most vulnerable—defend those who others seek to harm, and recognise that the first and foremost duty of any Government is to protect their people.
This is not some woke frontier for politicians to weaponise for clickbait, and I am shamed by the debate that is increasingly taking place on conversion therapy.
I remember the first debate I secured in this place on conversion therapy.
It was moderate; we sat and debated the intricacies of legislation that was not yet there.
Unfortunately, that has changed.
People in positions of trust are abusing those who they tell they are sinful, broken and need correcting, which causes lifelong hate.
There are survivors in this place—in Parliament.
The reason I fight so hard is that so many LGBT colleagues do not feel that they can come here and be labelled as fighting for themselves.
They should be free to do that, but sometimes they cannot, and—do you know what?—allyship matters.
We have a duty in this place to not impose our own personal views on things, but recognise that our rights—potentially to religious freedoms—can be protected while we also protect those who live a life different from ours.
The hon.
Lady has made a really important point about LGB people coming to this place and feeling safe to argue their position on this important matter.
I have experienced the most horrendous bullying in this place because I take a contrary view, or a more guarded view, than some in the LGB community.
In fact, people in the LGB community are often referred to as “bigots”, “transphobes” and other slurs just because we have concerns about legislation such as this and want to make sure that young LGB people are protected —and trans people.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that that rule must apply to all sides of any debate, not just to the side that she favours?
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right, but there was one letter missing in his LGB: the letter T. We do not divide the LGBT community in this place.
Members can say that they have concerns about what we are doing, but by removing the T, the hon.
Gentleman is suggesting that transgender people do not exist.
He is suggesting that they are less than other LGB people, and I will not stand for that, because it was trans people who stood with gay people at Stonewall; it was trans people who fought alongside them for LGB rights.
I will happily discuss the intricacies of legislation with the hon.
Gentleman, but when he chooses to eradicate, that is wrong.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
No, I will not give way on this point, because I will not hear more erasure of a transgender community.
We can discuss the intricacies, but that I will not stand for.
I am not going to go into the arguments about the Bill, because  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  did an exceptional.
job.
He went out and met every single person, organisation and lobby group and listened to all their views, even if he disagreed with them—and that includes the LGB Alliance, who have also removed the T—and I have supported him.
He has done a phenomenal job.
The hon.
Gentleman has set out what the Bill does.
It protects religious leaders, who can still guide their flocks.
Health practitioners can still support and challenge people, and parents are protected.
That is why all major  faith groups back the Bill, why the royal colleges back it, and why exploratory therapy is protected.
This is a compromise Bill, and I say to Members who wish to oppose it, “Search within yourself, because you have a duty to protect children and a duty to allow professionals to do their job, and you need to recognise that some people’s objections are not to the nuances in the Bill.”
The only people who fear a ban on conversion therapy are quacks and charlatans who profit from bigotry and misery.
Conversion therapy causes lifelong harm.
This is a moderate Bill and a compromise Bill, and it does not go as far as the Government’s proposals.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member may chunter and laugh, but I am appalled—[Interruption.]
I will happily give way to him if he asks, rather than chuntering.
I apologise for chuntering.
I was simply amused by the suggestion that this is a moderate Bill.
This is not a moderate speech that the hon.
Lady is making.
The hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  made a very good speech, recognising that there are legitimate views on the other side of the debate.
The hon.
Lady talks about erasure, but she dismissed the comments of  the hon.
Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath (Neale Hanvey) , suggesting that his view was completely invalid.
I respect her arguments and her wish to pursue this Bill, or this kind of legislation, but can we please have a debate with more civility?
I would suggest that the ultimate failure of civility is to erase a member of the LGBT community —to erase an entire group.
I am happy to discuss the nuanced points, but I will not do so if Members want to suggest that transgender people do not exist, or that we do not really have a definition in law of what transgender people are.
They exist in law and they exist in this place, and they exist in the hon.
Member’s constituency as well.
The Government should back this compromise Bill, because love is not a pathology, and transgender people are not a pathology: they do not need treatment.
I say, very simply, to those people, “You are seen in this place and you are heard in this place, and very many of us back you and will protect you.”