A number of practices are illegal in this country, such as forced marriage, which is something that the LGBTQ community experience, including those who may also go through conversion therapy.
That is wrong.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the time to tackle that is now?
The LGBTQ community have been waiting at least five years since the Government first promised to ban that awful practice.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
People have been waiting too long; let us ensure they do not wait any longer.
Let us also send a message to Members of all parties, until the general election concludes, that attacking trans people and LGBT people because of who they are is unacceptable.
That should be called out on a cross-party basis.
It has no part in our politics.
Legitimate debate about improving this Bill should define us at our very best.
The debate so far has been a good one, because it has allowed people to voice their different views, and we should continue that in Committee, allowing people to table amendments where required to improve the Bill and ensure it does exactly what it says on the tin and stops these abhorrent, cruel practices from ever happening again.
The obligation in this debate is to set out the current threats that are not already covered by existing legislation or that we would want to legislate against.
The Bill also needs to do so in a clear, precise way that is straightforward to interpret and enforce, without causing great uncertainty and triggering a chilling effect on free speech and healthy family life.
Over many years, the issue of sex and identity has developed and evolved substantially.
When I was younger, I never saw these topics on the news.
It was rare and unusual for them ever to appear.
In terms of being aware of lesbians and gays and the challenges they face in life, for any Member of Parliament—for any decent person—there is huge concern and sympathy for those  people.
There was a debate among that community about bisexuals joining it.
That was not a straightforward process.
There was a debate and a dispute over that.
One thing that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  touched upon was acceptance of other people and inclusiveness, and not imposing upon people.
That was one key feature, I thought, in the debate about conversion practices.
Many people, for example represented by the LGB Alliance, are concerned that they feel imposed upon.
Society is adapting and learning to understand and appreciate the challenges that changes in society bring.
My hon.
Friend and  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  highlighted a point about LGB and LGBT identity.
The hon.
Gentleman then added the plus symbol, the A and the I. That highlights the complexity of the issue and the clarity needed when some groups are being included and others excluded.
The language is diverse, depending on who we are speaking to and when we are speaking.
A few years ago, this conversation would have been different from how it is now.
We have to reflect on the number of genders that are commonly used or reasonably frequently used, and this is by no means an exhaustive list: bi-gendered, cross-dresser, drag king, drag queen, femme queen, female-to-male or FTM, gender bender, genderqueer, male-to-female or MTF, non-op, hijra, pangender, transsexual, trans person, woman, man, butch, two-spirit, trans, agender, third sex, gender fluid, non-binary transgender, androgyne, gender gifted, gender blender, femme, person of transgender experience and androgynous.
If people go on Wikipedia, there will see far, far more.
I have missed out huge numbers, but it serves the purpose of highlighting the complexity and involvement of the issue.
When we are discussing this topic, it should be respectful, but also we should try to keep society with us.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about being respectful.
Does he not believe that people should be able to identify in whatever way they choose?
I do agree with people identifying in any way they choose, but society is still getting to grips with this issue.
One concern is not just individuals being able to make choices about their identity for themselves, but how other people relate to them.
That is a huge concern in relation to changing the law and imposing upon society a set of views, when those views and values are evolving over time.
I will highlight one aspect.
As things change, that is reflected in society, for example in architecture.
Parents came to my surgery to raise concerns about mixed-sex facilities at a local swimming pool.
They raised those concerns because they were interested in protecting their daughters.
Regardless of whether  the hon.
Member for Jarrow (Kate Osborne)  and other colleagues agree or disagree about the issue, it is a fact that parents are coming to me to say that they are concerned about the architecture of the new health centre in Horwich.
That architecture cements in place a particular form of behaviour—everyone together rather than male and female changing rooms—and that lends itself to a lot of misunderstanding, concern and fear in society.
That  was expressed to me by mothers of daughters and I, as a Member of Parliament, ought to be respectful and concerned about what my constituents are raising with me.
On transition, as I pointed out before, societal understanding has been gradual.
Such topics were very rarely in the news and now they frequently are.
Most days on the “Today” programme we hear about sex and identity.
As it is on our media so much, we have to reflect on legislation and application, but it is only relatively recently, in 2005, that the transgender or transsexual side of the issue came into the mainstream and the forefront of people’s understanding.
I bought at the time the album “I am a Bird Now” by Antony and the Johnsons, and it was an interesting listen; it is good music with interesting and challenging lyrics.
It highlights some of the challenges that people go through, and which many people in society would not know about.
Many people would not know about the transition process and how challenging it is.
Before the debate developed in the way it has, most people when hearing about trans people would try to be understanding, supportive and sympathetic and would want to encourage those people on the path they had chosen to go down, but that is not universal; many people are hostile and toxic about that.
But 2005 was, at least for me, the transition point when trans identity became far more public an issue.
We have to understand how difficult it is for society to adjust, especially given certain aspects of trans; for example, significant surgery is done to people as part of that process, and quite significant pharmaceuticals are used in the process.
These are not easy things to adjust to for mums, dads, sons, daughters, brothers, sisters, the wider family and the wider community, such as, perhaps, churches, mosques or other organisations, when seeing and hearing that someone is concerned and thinking about transitioning.
How protected are those people from the threats of conversion practices or illegalisation of what they would consider a normal if challenging conversation?
If someone wants to go down a route involving significant surgery and life-changing drugs, that might be irreversible, especially for a child reaching puberty; drugs that stop the process of puberty can have substantial impacts and there should be some understanding of the lifelong impacts of taking those drugs, especially if someone wants to detransition.
It is very challenging for those people to make that decision in the first place.
It is challenging for their families watching them try to understand the issues, which are far better understood these days than they were previously, to say, “Is that the right choice?
Is that the route you want to go down?”
We have to be 100% certain that normal family conversations will not be taken through the courts.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech that makes clear how nuanced the debate is and how complicated an area it is in which to legislate.
Does he share my concern that the Bill could criminalise somebody who perhaps is not a parent, but maybe an older friend and mentor to a young person, who deliberately sets out to try to dissuade them over a period of time from going down a transition route, taking cross-sex hormones and pursuing surgery?
Does he share my concern that that person could be caught under the Bill in a practice that perhaps he and I would think is not abusive at all, but seeks to rescue that child from permanent harm?
I agree.
The jeopardy for that individual is substantial.
That issue has not been covered, and they are not protected under the legislation as it stands.
There is a significant aspect to this matter about free will and decision making.
If a young person is looking to go down a certain route—again, the transformation to someone’s life if they transition is profound and, in many ways, irreversible—perhaps the individual wants to be certain that the young person is making the right decision.
How can someone be certain they are making the right decision?
One way is by asking the young person challenging questions, such as, “Are you doing the right thing for the right reason?
Can you live with the consequences of it?
Have you really though it through?”
I thought this Chamber represented that idea of debate and challenge, and of questioning, “Are you really intent on doing this?
Do you really want to go down this track?
Before you take any drugs, go to a clinic to get that support or have any surgery, have you actively considered all the issues and implications of what you are doing?”
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we have to give space for that free discussion.
Current NHS data suggests that people referred to gender identity clinics will take about 10 years to be seen.
Is 10 years enough time for someone to be sure they have made the right decision?
One concern is the requirement almost for affirmation.
In the context of the structures in society and the expectations on people if the legislation passes, and the framing in which parents, families and others are allowed to discuss the matter with their own children, the route that people go down starts a long time before they get to the stage that my hon.
Friend mentions.
We need to understand this and have an open discussion right at the beginning, rather than years down the line.
My hon.
Friend raised the good point about the explosion in demand for support in this area over recent years, which is overwhelming the services available through the NHS.
That itself should cause us great concern about what is going on in our society.
There is a long waiting list for publicly available help but not for private support, so am I not right that somebody could seek private therapy quickly?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
Just because the state services are often slower than private services, we should not be satisfied that the 10-year delay is sufficient time for people to reconsider.
There is a question of equality on this matter and, again, we have to understand society as it has changed.
A key thing in society, which was certainly not a concern when I was growing up, is the internet, emails and social media.
Social media is powerful, and children and young people spend a great deal of time on social media.
In other debates in this Chamber, people would be raising concerns about bulimia, suicide and other things that children are influenced by on social media.
Those are the challenging issues raised on social media.
Parents have to understand that the influences on their children can often be supportive and encouraging, but not all the influences on social media are.
The Bill almost introduces an inequality: certain people can encourage and support children, young adults and others  to go down a certain track, whether they meet in person or online, but the people with whom they have personal contact and will spend the rest of their lives—the family unit, their friends and the wider community—almost have their ability to communicate with their loved one curtailed.
Does my hon.
Friend also accept that it would be impossible for a criminal trial determining whether an offence has been committed to go through all these variations to work out the nature of the evidence that should be received?
It is incredibly invasive; it is based on privacy and people being able to talk to others in a mentoring context or a manner that would enable the person to understand better what is going on.
For a trial to determine whether an offence had been committed would be mind-bogglingly difficult and very invasive—in practice, it would be impossible.
I agree.
If the courts, prosecutors and others can go into the family home to find evidence for a successful prosecution, that would cause substantial disruption to family life.
Remember that this has to be a successful prosecution for something that is not covered by existing legislation.
There are already a huge number of protections in law for people right across society.
As I said, this Bill ought to be able to point out compellingly and clearly areas of life that we want to be protected but are not already covered by existing legislation.
The punishment allowed under the Bill is a level 5 fine.
I am not terribly familiar with the fine categories, but the House of Commons Library has provided a bit of information.
It is an unlimited fine, which would be a huge cost to anyone suffering it.
It is important that families are aware of the category they have been put into.
Level 5 crimes include harassment, stalking, imprisonment, controlling or coercive behaviour, and exposure—commonly known as flashing.
This Bill seeks to put families who believe they are having a normal conversation about their children growing up and exploring ideas about themselves and their identity, if they are not clear about what their identity is, into that category.
Families having what they consider to be a normal, reasonable and balanced conversation with their children are being put in the same category as flashers.
That is what the level 5 fine does, and that places a serious burden on families.
I want to reflect on the fact that Justin Webb fell foul of current legislation for remarks that came out earlier today, or perhaps yesterday, so it would be challenging for a family member, a friend, a religious leader or anyone else in wider society.
If someone who deals with these issues day in, day out, as a presenter on one of the most prestigious news programmes—BBC Radio 4’s “Today” programme—can fall foul of current legislation, we should think about what we are doing when we seek to tighten up legislation.
I appreciate the arguments that the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown made—he gave a powerful, dignified speech—but if Justin Webb can fall foul of the current legislation, how vulnerable will parents and others be who do not follow the nuances and details of these issues day in, day out?
There will be a lot of concern.
It will be damaging in many ways for families to feel that they will be scrutinised, under the microscope and vulnerable when doing what they can to care for their children.
On that note, I oppose the Bill, but I look forward to the rest of this positive debate.
Undoubtedly, this Bill is being presented with many good intentions, by a Member who feels passionately about the rights of LGBT people, and all people, to live as they choose in peace and without fear or prejudice.
The vast majority of Members of this House and the other place share those aims and intentions.
Most will have attended Pride and taken part in LGBT History Month events and debates.
Most see the equalities legislation passed here, such as the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, as a positive step towards a more equal and inclusive society.
The idea of anyone who is gay or bisexual, of any age, and who is growing into who they are and questioning their sexuality, being coerced into thinking that they need to change is deeply disturbing and sinister.
But that is already against the law.
It is also, thankfully, incredibly rare, to the point of being all but wiped out.
It is certainly completely socially unacceptable.
I believe that this proposed legislation is not necessary to fix a problem; rather, it creates several serious new ones.
Anyone who followed the recent debates in the other place will have heard strong evidence from peers across the Benches that the Bill is a solution in search of a problem.
First, in order to legislate we would need clear legal definitions of terms that are contentious and vague.
For example, how does one define the concept of converting someone to change their “true identity”?
A qualified therapist exploring a client’s feelings of gender dysphoria will cause them to question those feelings in order to understand them—that is therapy.
In everyday conversations among friends or families, who steps in, and at what point, to decide that those conversations amount to attempted conversion?
Feminist groups, Labour Women’s Declaration, the Gay Men’s Network and the LGB Alliance are fearful that legislation like this is dangerous, and it sends the message to those who need to confide in professionals or even those closest to them that it is not safe to do so, and that they will be forced to be gay when they might want just to be gender questioning, or vice versa.
The message is that the situation is so bad that we need a new criminal law to deal with it.
Serious legislators should never create flawed and unnecessary legislation merely to send a message; that is law created by social media, rather than laws that we expect of a Government —or a Government in waiting—to be upheld by our courts.
This Bill is unprosecutable and, without evidence of need, it brings criminal law into an area that simply needs to be regulated by policies and guidance.
The other aspect, as I mentioned earlier, is the problem that, currently, nothing can be properly described.
Given broadcasters are labelling brutal men who murder as women, and are reprimanded if they correctly name a person by their biological sex, who is appointed the arbiter of what constitutes conversion?
Feminists believe that lesbians should be free to date only women, as they choose.
However, in today’s toxic climate, they are pressurised into dating so-called lesbians with a penis— in other words, men.
In his opening speech,  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  described his Bill as stopping people from being at risk of losing their identity.
However well-intentioned and  worthy that goal might be, how is that to be defined and by who?
Laws that cannot provide clear definitions are just useless pieces of paper.
Attempting to convert or coerce anyone away from being who they choose to be, or to make them straight if they are gay, is cruel and, thankfully, against the law.
This Bill does nothing to change that.
It merely suggests that anyone trying to stop their daughter cutting off her healthy breasts as a teenager—before long-term, serious thought and a careful pause—is breaking the law.
The Bill prevents a parent from suggesting that their 15-year-old son should start on a course of puberty blockers, which will render him infertile, as an adult instead, when he will be entirely without doubt and less confused.
What understanding is there at the moment about the reversibility of the drugs that are sometimes given to children, which could be life-changing?
As I understand it—not being a medical expert—we do not know yet, because those drugs have not been in full use for long.
Are all the Members supporting this Bill really willing to decide what constitutes conversion therapy and what they deem to be acceptable talking support?
Are they doing so because they believe this is serious legislation, or is this politics for social media likes?
In saying that, I know well what awaits me on social media.
We have a clear divide in the Chamber today, between the beneficiaries of Stonewall badges and donations, and the groups of so-called gender critical feminists that I represent.
But tribes on social media are not legislators.
We are writing laws here, and getting it right is essential and serious.
The dumbing down of such important debates for likes is not only vacuous but sets a dangerous precedent, and we need to be better than this when making the laws of this country.
I gently suggest to  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  that if she genuinely thinks that those on her side of the debate are the only ones who get abuse on social media, she should look at the treatment of LGBT+ politicians in this country when we dare to speak out about these issues.
She is certainly not alone.
I do not agree for one minute that the abuse that she or anyone who holds her views gets is acceptable.
I have often spoken in this place about the toxicity surrounding these discussions and debates, which I believe has only grown with the rise of social media.
I absolutely agree with her on that point, but we have a duty not to feed into the toxicity.
We are not supporting the Bill because we think that this is a social media contest—we know full well that we would not win—but the evidence is clear.
I want to pick up on the point, made in the previous speech, that there is no evidence that conversion therapy is happening, because we have ample evidence from the Government-commissioned data that it is happening.
In 2018, 108,000 people responded to a survey, and 7% of them had undergone or been offered conversion therapy.
Some 13% of trans respondents had undergone or been offered conversion therapy.
Fifty-one per cent said that it was conducted by faith groups, and 19% said that it was carried out by healthcare or medical professionals.
In the survey to which my hon.
Friend refers, what definition of “conversion therapy” was put to respondents?
As my hon.
Friend well knows, there was no definition offered at the time, but that is exactly what this Bill attempts to do: to bring forward a definition.
I want to pick up on a point that has been made a number of times.
A number of colleagues have suggested that there is an epidemic of people being forced to be gay or being forced to be trans.
This is a two-way Bill —it does it in both directions.
Does the data that the hon.
Gentleman refers to come from the self-referral survey administered at Pride marches?
That is not really research but a survey.
Does he think that a survey conducted in that way is sufficient to inform legislation?
The survey was only the start.
It has been backed up by research commissioned by the Government two years ago.
It has also been backed up by a number of independent organisations, including the NSPCC, Mind and Galop, which have had calls about it.
We have the data to show it is happening.
The idea that people would phone a support service such as the NSPCC and pretend that they are being offered conversion therapy is, I am afraid, for the birds.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  about how we are perceived in this place.
I thought back to when this House debated same-sex marriage in 2012.
I listened to the debate, obviously not as a Member of Parliament, and I remember how powerless I felt then as a young gay man having my future and my rights discussed by a group of people.
I had nothing to do but sit and watch and listen to some awful things.
As  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  said, that is necessary in a free and democratic society.
The Bill does not seek to curtail free expression via legitimate conversations, but we have evidence that harm is being done to people and we do not have the laws in place to prevent it.