Through their infectious rhythms, they

have inspired generations and brought people together through

the universal language of music;

Whereas, the band's founding members--Carlo Vieux, Richard

Cave, and Mickael Guirand--left their homeland of Haiti to

pursue education but never abandoned their passion for music.
Their name, ``CaRiMi,'' derived from the first two letters of

their

names, became a symbol of unity, passion, and innovation in

the music industry;

Whereas, their impact quickly transcended borders,

garnering international recognition with Best Album of the

Year in Haiti, topping music charts in Guadeloupe, Paris,

Martinique, French Guiana, Canada, and beyond.
Their success

led to a distribution deal with Virgin Records Worldwide,

further cementing their reputation as global ambassadors of

Haitian music;

Whereas, their high-energy performances have left an

indelible mark on audiences worldwide, from the prestigious

Olympia in France to the electrifying spectacle of Haiti's

Carnival, where they performed before 300,000 fans.
With

sold-out concerts across multiple continents, CaRiMi has

solidified its place in music history and has helped shape

and modernize Konpa while remaining deeply rooted in its

traditions;

Whereas, as they reunite for their final concert at Amerant

Bank Arena, this momentous occasion is not just a celebration

of their remarkable career, but also a tribute to the unity,

resilience, and cultural vibrancy of the Haitian community.
Their music has uplifted hearts, provided solace, and

reinforced a shared cultural identity among Haitians

worldwide, making this reunion a truly historic and emotional

event; and

Therefore, be it proclaimed that we, the 20th Congressional

District of Florida, do hereby commend CaRiMi for their

dedication to innovation, artistic excellence, and cultural

preservation, and express gratitude for the joy and

inspiration they have provided countless fans worldwide.
Their legacy is a testament to the power of music to unite,

heal, and inspire, and their contributions will be celebrated

for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROCLAMATION HONORING DR.
REVEREND GRIFFIN DAVIS

HON.
SHEILA CHERFILUS-McCORMICK

Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following proclamation honoring Dr. Reverend Griffith Davis.
Whereas, born one of eighteen children to Mr. Lindsey and

Mrs. Ruth Davis, Reverend Griffin Davis emerged early as a

charismatic and gifted leader, first a performer alongside

his sister, to then becoming the iconic drum-major at

Roosevelt High School in West Palm Beach, channeling his

creativity and gift for leadership into divine purpose;

Whereas, at age 21, Reverend Davis courageously answered

his calling, leaving behind a successful management role,

answering God's calling to set out with only ten cents and a

command to ``Go Build'';

Whereas, after attending seminary in Nashville, Tennessee,

Reverend Davis returned to his community with his wife, Mrs.

Hughetta Davis, and their three sons, Reverend Griffin Davis

Jr., Denzel Davis, and Sydney Davis, to establish Hilltop

Missionary Baptist Church, a sanctuary built on prayer,

faith, generosity, and service;

Whereas, for more than 55 years, Reverend Davis led his

congregation by powerful example, ringing in each new year

with a forty-day fast and prayer, instilling the

transformative power of spiritual discipline and neverending

faith;

Whereas, his ministry extended far beyond the church walls,

touching the lives of the most vulnerable through food and

clothing drives, housing initiatives, compassionate counsel,

and tireless community advocacy, all of which are reminiscent

of his mantra that ``Being nice costs nothing, but it pays a

million'';

Whereas, his legacy as a servant-leader, spiritual father,

and pillar of goodwill lives on in the countless lives he

touched and in the enduring foundation of Hilltop Missionary

Baptist Church; and

Therefore, be it resolved that we, Florida's 20th

Congressional District, proudly honor and celebrate the

contributions, wisdom, and life, of Reverend Griffin Davis

for his spiritual guidance, unwavering dedication to service,

and elevation of morality.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 2025 AS ``A CHORUS YEAR''

HON.
CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.