Title: CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MARQUIS ENERGY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
137

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MARQUIS ENERGY

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and celebrate the

50th anniversary of Marquis Energy.
Located within Illinois' 16th

Congressional District, Marquis serves as a cornerstone example of

American entrepreneurship and energy leadership.
Founded in 1975, Marquis began as a grain merchandising business in

rural Buda, Illinois.
Now, Marquis is the largest dry-mill ethanol

facility in North America, producing clean, homegrown American biofuels

and value-added coproducts that support thousands of farm families and

strengthen America's energy independence.
Marquis is a consistent national leader in biofuel innovation.
Through their work and advocacy, Marquis continues to shape the future

of clean energy and rural investment, advancing next-generation corn

markets for producers and farmers alike.
From ethanol production to carbon capture, Marquis forges new

opportunities that support American families and put our farmers first.
What started as a local operation grew into a prosperous company that

has created over 450 jobs and purchases over 140 million bushels of

corn annually.
Still today, the deep roots of family farming and a

strong commitment to the agricultural community continue to be the

foundations of Marquis' success.
As we commemorate this incredible milestone, I want to recognize Mark

Marquis, Tom Marquis, the whole Marquis family, and their entire team

for their entrepreneurial spirit, strong values, and unwavering

commitment to their community and country.
Congratulations to Marquis on 50 years of American excellence.
May

the next 50 years strengthen the values that make Marquis and rural

America strong.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING IRMO LITTLE LEAGUE ALL-STARS

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the

South Carolina Irmo Little League All-Stars baseball team, as they

rallied to defeat defending champions, Lake Mary, in a game played in

Warner Robins, Georgia.
This outstanding team is now heading to

Williamsport, Pennsylvania, to compete in the Little League World

Series (LLWS).
The LLWS is an annual event featuring 20 teams, 10 from the United

States and 10 from the rest of the world.
Irmo is just the fourth team

from South Carolina to advance to the LLWS, and the first since a

Taylors team in 2015.
The Irmo All-Stars team includes players, Ethan Bennett, Andrew

Bogan, Brayden Gerard, Jacob Gibson, Joe Giulietti, Sutton Gravelle,

Jake McQuilkin, Brody Miller, Palmer Steele, Ryder Tillitz, Preston

Ware, and Brady Westbrooks.
Alongside the players is the talented team

manager, Dave Bogan, and equally talented coaches Mike Beckworth and

Pat Gravelle.
Having a winning record of 11-1 during the state and regional

tournaments, the Irmo team is now preparing to face the New England

region champion on August 14, 2025.
On behalf of all South Carolinians, congratulations to the Irmo All-

Stars on this impressive achievement and we wish them the best of luck

as they represent Team South Carolina in the World Series.
This victory

of the Irmo All-Stars Team is well-deserved, for the team, coaches,

families, and community for all their hard work and support, making

their dream come true.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULING DEERE & COMPANY VICE PRESIDENT OF GLOBAL GOVERNMENT

AFFAIRS COLLIS JONES ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Collis Jones,

Vice President of Global Government Affairs, for his nearly 37 years of

distinguished service at Deere & Company.
Throughout his career, Jones

demonstrated unwavering dedication, strategic insight, and a deep

commitment to advancing the company's mission and values.
Collis joined John Deere in 1989 as a financial services

representative.
Throughout his career, he has held key positions in

Sales, Marketing, and Government Affairs, including serving as the

director of U.S. Public Affairs before leading the Global Government

Affairs organization.