RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to the family,

friends, and colleagues of Wesley LePatner, one of the victims of the

tragic shooting in Midtown Manhattan.
A city is only as strong as its people, and Wesley LePatner

represented the very best of New York.
She left a lasting impact

wherever she went: as a senior executive at Blackstone, a devoted

congregant at the Altneu Synagogue, and a dedicated board member at the

Heschel School.
Wesley lived as we all should strive to live: with civic purpose,

compassion, and a commitment to something greater than herself.
She was

a devoted spouse and parent, a distinguished professional, and a

doggedly public-spirited New Yorker whose love for family and community

was palpable to everyone she knew.
May her memory be a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

RESIDENCY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Commission of Fine

Arts District of Columbia Residency Act.
This bill would require that a

majority of the members of the Commission of Fine Arts (CFA) be

District of Columbia residents.
Under federal law and presidential executive orders (EOs), the CFA

has review authority for federal property in D.C., certain military

property, certain coins and medals, D.C.-owned parks and buildings and

certain private land in D.C. Under the EOs, CFA has review authority

for the design of D.C.-owned parks and buildings.
Under the Shipstead-

Luce Act, CFA has review authority for the design of private buildings

in D.C. ``adjacent to public buildings and grounds of major

importance,'' such as Rock Creek Park and the Potomac riverfront.
Under

the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA has review authority for the design of

private buildings in the part of Georgetown referred to as ``Old

Georgetown'' in the act.
Residency requirements for government positions are found in federal,

state and D.C. law, including for members of the National Capital

Planning Commission.
The primary reason such laws exist is so that

government officials have a connection to the residents they serve and

knowledge of the unique issues and challenges faced by residents.
I have also introduced the Commission of Fine Arts District of

Columbia Home Rule Act, which would remove the authority of the CFA

over non-federal property in D.C. However, until that bill is enacted,

a majority of the members should be D.C. residents.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROCLAMATION HONORING BAND CaRiMi

HON.
SHEILA CHERFILUS-McCORMICK

Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following proclamation honoring Band CaRiMi.
Whereas, music has long been a unifying force that

transcends borders and generations, preserving culture and

celebrating heritage.
Few bands have embodied this mission

more profoundly than CaRiMi, a pioneering group that has

played an instrumental role in shaping and elevating Haitian

music and culture.
Through their infectious rhythms, they

have inspired generations and brought people together through

the universal language of music;

Whereas, the band's founding members--Carlo Vieux, Richard

Cave, and Mickael Guirand--left their homeland of Haiti to

pursue education but never abandoned their passion for music.
Their name, ``CaRiMi,'' derived from the first two letters of

their

names, became a symbol of unity, passion, and innovation in

the music industry;

Whereas, their impact quickly transcended borders,

garnering international recognition with Best Album of the

Year in Haiti, topping music charts in Guadeloupe, Paris,

Martinique, French Guiana, Canada, and beyond.
Their success

led to a distribution deal with Virgin Records Worldwide,

further cementing their reputation as global ambassadors of

Haitian music;

Whereas, their high-energy performances have left an

indelible mark on audiences worldwide, from the prestigious

Olympia in France to the electrifying spectacle of Haiti's

Carnival, where they performed before 300,000 fans.