BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor

Officer Terry Caldwell, who is retiring after an extraordinary 41-year

career in law enforcement, including 28 years of dedicated service with

the Grapevine Police Department.
Officer Caldwell began his distinguished career in 1984 with the

Dallas County Sheriff's Department and, over the course of his service,

earned multiple certifications and commendations, amassing more than

3,700 hours of professional training.
During his tenure with the

Grapevine Police Department, Officer Caldwell served 25 of his 28 years

as a School Resource Officer in the Grapevine-Colleyville Independent

School District, a role he considered his calling.
He was deeply

committed to working alongside the young people of our community,

serving as a trusted role model and mentor to thousands of students

across elementary, middle, and high schools.
Officer Caldwell's unwavering dedication, professionalism, and

service have left an indelible mark on the community he has faithfully

served.
His career stands as a testament to the values of integrity,

compassion, and commitment that define the very best of law

enforcement.
On behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I congratulate

Officer Terry Caldwell on his well-earned retirement and thank him for

his decades of service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SPRINGFIELD ARMORY

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable milestone

in our Nation's history, the 50th anniversary of the Springfield Armory

National Historic Site (NHS).
Established during the Revolutionary War in 1777 as the ``Arsenal at

Springfield,'' the site was recommended to George Washington by General

Henry Knox for its strategic location along the Connecticut River and

its proximity to four major roads that connected to New York City,

Boston, Albany, and Montreal.
The Arsenal at Springfield played a

critical role in the war effort, both manufacturing cartridges and gun

carriages and storing muskets, cannons, and other weaponry.
In January 1787, the Armory was the site of Shays' Rebellion, an

uprising led by American Revolutionary War veteran Daniel Shays in

response to economic hardships faced by farmers after the Revolutionary

War.
Thousands of Shays' Regulators marched on the Springfield Armory,

hoping to seize its weaponry and force a change of government.
The

rebellion directly influenced the delegates at the Constitutional

Convention later that year, with James Madison citing it as a warning

for the need for a stronger federal government.
The Springfield Armory was officially established by George

Washington in 1794 and played an essential role in shaping America's

military and industrial strength.
For nearly two centuries, the Armory

provided the tools necessary to defend our Nation and served as a hub

of innovation and craftsmanship.
In 1974, the site was officially

designated a National Historic Site and was entrusted to the

stewardship of the National Park Service.
Once the home of our Nation's first armory, the Springfield Armory

National Historic Site is now home to the world's largest historic U.S.

military small arms collection, commemorating the innovative

craftsmanship and ingenuity that enabled the production of the most

superior firearms for nearly two centuries.
Thousands of visitors come

every year to not only marvel at this collection, but also learn about

the region's rich history and its critical role in the founding of our

Nation.
On Saturday, August 16, 2025, the Springfield Armory NHS will host a

community-wide celebration on the scenic grounds of the Springfield

Armory and Springfield Technical Community College to mark this

historic occasion.
This free, family-friendly festival will honor five

decades of preserving the rich military, industrial, and social legacy

of the Armory.
I commend the Springfield Armory National Historic Site,

Superintendent Fellner and her team, and our entire western

Massachusetts community for honoring the past and enriching the

present.
Here's to another fifty years of education, inspiration, and

connection through this treasured historic landmark.