Throughout his career, Jones

demonstrated unwavering dedication, strategic insight, and a deep

commitment to advancing the company's mission and values.
Collis joined John Deere in 1989 as a financial services

representative.
Throughout his career, he has held key positions in

Sales, Marketing, and Government Affairs, including serving as the

director of U.S. Public Affairs before leading the Global Government

Affairs organization.
In this pivotal role, he developed Deere's

strategy and advocacy priorities leading to legislative, regulatory,

and public policy outcomes that ultimately benefited the company,

customers, employees, and business partners.
His extensive experience with product sales uniquely equipped him to

educate policymakers and regulators about the company, its products,

and processes.
This expertise made him an effective advocate at the

global, federal, and state levels, where he successfully influenced

policy discussions.
Throughout his career, Collis has dedicated himself to building and

leading effective teams and mentoring numerous colleagues.
As a strong

brand ambassador, he has served on several boards, including the

Thurgood Marshall College Fund and The Congressional Award Foundation.
His dedication and leadership have left a lasting impact on the company

and his many colleagues across the enterprise.
Collis and his wife Stefanie, who also recently retired, plan to

spend time traveling, enjoying family and friends, and perfecting their

golf game.
I wish Collis, Stefanie, and their daughter, Camryn, all the

best in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
LEWIS BROWN

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mr.

Lewis Brown--an exceptional scholar from my district.
He is a rising

senior at Gar-Field High School located in Woodbridge, Virginia.
He is currently studying the extraction of bioethanol from crawfish

and lobster shells, which is an innovative way to turn biological waste

into renewable energy.
He shared his work with my office showing the

shells of crustaceans such as crawfish, lobsters, shrimp, and crabs are

rich in chitin, a long-chain polymer that is one of the most abundant

biopolymers.
His work highlights both scientific curiosity and a

commitment to sustainability.
But Lewis's dedication doesn't stop with his own education.
He has

also developed a virtual tutorial program through the MST (Math,

Science, and Technology) initiative, where he mentors fellow students

in biology, chemistry, math, and English.
His passion for teaching and

uplifting others reflects true leadership, service, and a deep

commitment to both science and community.
He is also an active member of several prestigious organizations,

including the National Honor Society, the American Industrial Hygiene

Association, the American Chemical Society, and the Society of

Toxicology.
His dedication to academic excellence and scientific

advancement is clear.
Mr. Speaker, I want to personally thank Lewis Brown for his

remarkable contributions to environmental science, his commitment to

education, and his vision for a more sustainable future.
There is no

doubt in my mind that he will go on to do great things in research, in

government service, and as an educator and innovator.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TAMMY TOME FOR HER SERVICE TO SENIORS

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Tammy Tome,

recipient of Visiting Angels' 2025 National Caregiver of the Year

award.
Visiting Angels is a national organization that provides in-home care

to seniors.
Each year, they recognize one of their caregivers whose

work exemplifies the mission of the organization.
With over 600

franchises across the country, the Caregiver of the Year award is both

highly competitive and prestigious.
While Ms. Tome joined Visiting Angels in 2023, she has served as a

caregiver for twenty-five years.
In this short time, she has made a

profound impact on those she serves, consistently showing clients the

compassion and dignity they deserve.
She visits clients in their homes,

providing everything from assistance with daily needs to care for those

facing terminal illnesses.