Whereas, born one of eighteen children to Mr. Lindsey and

Mrs. Ruth Davis, Reverend Griffin Davis emerged early as a

charismatic and gifted leader, first a performer alongside

his sister, to then becoming the iconic drum-major at

Roosevelt High School in West Palm Beach, channeling his

creativity and gift for leadership into divine purpose;

Whereas, at age 21, Reverend Davis courageously answered

his calling, leaving behind a successful management role,

answering God's calling to set out with only ten cents and a

command to ``Go Build'';

Whereas, after attending seminary in Nashville, Tennessee,

Reverend Davis returned to his community with his wife, Mrs.

Hughetta Davis, and their three sons, Reverend Griffin Davis

Jr., Denzel Davis, and Sydney Davis, to establish Hilltop

Missionary Baptist Church, a sanctuary built on prayer,

faith, generosity, and service;

Whereas, for more than 55 years, Reverend Davis led his

congregation by powerful example, ringing in each new year

with a forty-day fast and prayer, instilling the

transformative power of spiritual discipline and neverending

faith;

Whereas, his ministry extended far beyond the church walls,

touching the lives of the most vulnerable through food and

clothing drives, housing initiatives, compassionate counsel,

and tireless community advocacy, all of which are reminiscent

of his mantra that ``Being nice costs nothing, but it pays a

million'';

Whereas, his legacy as a servant-leader, spiritual father,

and pillar of goodwill lives on in the countless lives he

touched and in the enduring foundation of Hilltop Missionary

Baptist Church; and

Therefore, be it resolved that we, Florida's 20th

Congressional District, proudly honor and celebrate the

contributions, wisdom, and life, of Reverend Griffin Davis

for his spiritual guidance, unwavering dedication to service,

and elevation of morality.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 2025 AS ``A CHORUS YEAR''

HON.
CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to speak in celebration of a

group of workers and artists who entertain live audiences in every

state across the country: the theatrical chorus.
I am pleased to

recognize 2025 as ``A Chorus Year.''
From Oklahoma!
to Hamilton, some of the greatest art to come out of

the United States has been musical theatre, and a staple of this art

form is the chorus.
The chorus has always been more than a group of singers and dancers

filling up a stage.
It is an integral part of theatrical storytelling,

as well as a major player in labor history.
The historic actors strike

of 1919 that established union protections for live performers

succeeded in large part because of the women and men of the chorus who

formed their own union and walked off Broadway stages in large numbers

to join the fight.
And 2025 is a particularly auspicious year to celebrate the chorus.
This year marks the 70th anniversary of the merger between Chorus

Equity Association and Actors' Equity Association into the Equity that

exists today, protecting the rights of actors and stage managers in

live theatre across the U.S.

I want to recognize not only the talent of chorus performers, but

their great skilled labor and tireless work ethic.
They make it all

look easy, but their ongoing contribution to American culture and a

healthy entertainment industry is born of fierce commitment and

dedication to their craft.
They exemplify the best of America: many

people working as individuals to build something amazing together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OFFICER TERRY CALDWELL

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor

Officer Terry Caldwell, who is retiring after an extraordinary 41-year

career in law enforcement, including 28 years of dedicated service with

the Grapevine Police Department.
Officer Caldwell began his distinguished career in 1984 with the

Dallas County Sheriff's Department and, over the course of his service,

earned multiple certifications and commendations, amassing more than

3,700 hours of professional training.