Like the 6994th, the Tactical Electronic Warfare

Squadrons also endured significant sacrifice, losing 19 members during

the war.
As integrated teams, these squadrons provided battlefield

intelligence that was vital for ground commanders to plan offensive and

defensive operations.
It has been reported that, thanks to intelligence

provided by the ARDF program, many attacks on friendly forces were

mitigated, and up to 95 percent of B-52 strikes during the Vietnam

conflict were influenced by data collected through the program.
Even today, much of the work and results of the Airborne Radio

Direction Finding program in Vietnam remain classified.
Nonetheless,

their impact on the success of the war effort and the broader mission

is undeniable.
Today, we honor the professionalism, dedication, and courage of the

airmen of the 6994th Security Squadron and the 360th, 361st, and 362nd

Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadrons, whose work in executing the

Airborne Radio Direction Finding program provided critical intelligence

to ground commanders during the conflict in Southeast Asia.
May the

legacy of their service and sacrifice be remembered and honored

forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF LORI CANNON

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

legacy of Chicago LGBTQ+ activist, Lori Cannon.
For over four decades, Ms. Cannon--known as ``Chicago's AIDS

Angel''--spearheaded some of the most important initiatives of

Chicago's LGBTQ+ rights movement.
Motivated by the inhumane treatment

of those with AIDS and affected by HIV, Ms. Cannon co-founded a meal

delivery service, Open Hand/Chicago, in 1988, to ensure that those

suffering from AIDS would not go hungry.
She then led Open Hand in its

transition to a food pantry program known as ``Groceryland'', helping

people in need obtain much needed nourishment.
Also in 1988, Ms. Cannon

co-founded ACT UP/Chicago, a grassroots protest group which put the

AIDS epidemic front and center during a time when the government was

ignoring the community's devastation.
Ms. Cannon was instrumental in

helping create the NAMES Project, bringing the Aids Memorial Quilt to

Chicago in 1988, 1990 and 1994.
Then, in 2010, she co-founded the

Legacy Project, an organization committed to honoring the cultural and

civic contributions of LGBTQ+ individuals, including placing bronze

plaques along North Halsted Street.
A pillar of the community she loved so much, Ms. Cannon was

unrelenting in her commitment to the well-being of each individual.
When the government and the families of those affected by HIV/AIDS

abandoned those who were suffering, Ms. Cannon stepped up to fill that

void--organizing, volunteering, protesting, feeding, hugging, and

loving each person when there was no one else.
As her longtime friend

Sharyl Holtzman remembers, ``She took care of the whole universe.''
Ms. Cannon was born and raised in West Rogers Park.
Her father, Lee

Cannon, was a champion of Native American rights.
Her younger brother,

J.H., was born with a defective heart, leading to a lifelong

disability.
After her older brother Jules suffered a horrific

motorcycle accident, she became the caretaker for both of her brothers,

a precursor to her life of service.
When Lori Cannon passed away on Sunday, August 3, 2025, Chicago and

its LGBTQ+ community lost a selfless champion.
Her legacy will live on

in the community that she supported and loved so much.
I am forever

grateful for her immeasurable contribution and impact on the City and

its LGBTQ+ community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WESLEY LePATNER

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to the family,

friends, and colleagues of Wesley LePatner, one of the victims of the

tragic shooting in Midtown Manhattan.
A city is only as strong as its people, and Wesley LePatner

represented the very best of New York.