Mr. SMITH.
Mr. Speaker, this week in New Jersey at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, Colonel Andrew L. Liput, Commander of the New Jersey Wing of the Civil Air Patrol, will receive a Presidential Lifetime Achievement and Volunteer Service Award, recognizing his outstanding commitment to volunteerism and his remarkable 10 years of service to our country in the Civil Air Patrol.
Sworn in as the 24th Commander of the New Jersey Wing of the Civil Air Patrol on July 10, 2021, Col. Liput is a three-generation Civil Air Patrol family member.
National service and volunteerism runs in their blood.
Col. Liput's father, Andrew Liput Sr. served in the Pennsylvania Wing during World War II as a submarine spotter on the East Coast and was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his contributions to the American war effort in defense of the homeland.
Col. Liput's daughter, Sloane Liput, was a member of the Picatinny Composite Squadron form 2015-2018 and achieved the rank of C/SMSGT before beginning her studies at Rutgers University on an ROTC scholarship.
The Liput family's commitment to service to our nation in the Civil Air Patrol represents the best attributes of volunteerism and civic engagement.
Col. Liput previously served at the squadron, wing, region, and national staff levels where, among other achievements of distinction-- including the Civil Air Patrol Meritorious Service Award--he was named National Government Relations Officer of the Year for 2020 by CAP Commanding Officer Maj Gen Mark Smith.
Col. Liput's tenure as Commander of the New Jersey Wing, has brought the NJWG to the forefront of the Civil Air Patrol's mission and has led to new initiatives to modernize the Wing and connect them to the community, including key strategic partnerships with the NFL Alumni Association and the National Law Enforcement Against Drugs organizations to offer new opportunities through the national cadet program.
With its roots in World War II, the Civil Air Patrol is a Total Force partner and serves as the United States Air Force Auxiliary, prepared to answer the call to search for and find the lost, provide comfort in times of disaster, and work to keep the homeland safe.
It provides a proving ground for the next generation of American pilots through its Cadet program--many of whom continue their service to our Nation in the Armed Forces--while promoting aviation and the fields of aerospace and STEM.
Through his distinguished term of service in the Civil Air Patrol, Col. Liput has enriched the national cadet program and ensured continued engagement of America's future leaders in the fields of aviation and aerospace technology.
The Volunteer Service Award that Col. Liput receives is a presidential citation that honors Americans who have served more than 5000 hours in support of their community and nation and is a welldeserved recognition.
Liput's leadership, commitment to civic engagement, to the State of New Jersey, and the United States of America.
A graduate of Drew University in Madison, New Jersey and Fordham Law School, Col. Liput enjoyed a distinguished career as a corporate and banking attorney for more than 25 years and is a successful entrepreneur, currently employed as the Founder, President, and CEO of Secure Insight, a financial services and technology company.
While establishing a successful career in law, Col. Liput continued his family's tradition of service to our nation by joining the Civil Air Patrol, serving throughout the Northeast before his appointment as Commander of the NJWG.
During his time of service and as Commander of the NJWG, Col. Liput has embodied the Civil Air Patrol's values of Integrity, Volunteer Service, Excellence, and Respect, rightfully earning this recognition which is a testament to his character and contributions to our community.
I am honored to join his family, friends, and the greater New Jersey community in thanking him for his service to our Nation, his dedication to our state, and his selfless work to instill the values of patriotism and service in the next generation of New Jersey--and America's--leaders.