Mr. LYNCH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Edgar ``Eddie'' Peter Guaraldi, in recognition of his 100th birthday and with the deepest appreciation for his courageous service to our Nation during World War II and his many contributions to the Brockton community.
Eddie was born in Bourne, Massachusetts on June 29, 1924, to John and Angelina Zambelli.
Along with his siblings Yober ``Bert,'' Yolanda, and Lillian Guaraldi, Eddie lived in Bourne and Springfield before moving to Brockton.
He graduated from Brockton High School in 1941 and worked at a shipyard for ten months before enlisting in the United States Army.
Eddie served his country with pride and distinction from March 1942 to December 1945 as a Sergeant and member of the 296th Combat Engineer Battalion, Company C. He fought in five major battles, including the Battle of Normandy, Battle of the Bulge, and battles in northern France, Rhineland, and Central Europe.
Mr. Guaraldi landed on Omaha Beach during the Normandy Landings on D-Day and was part of the liberation of Buchenwald--courageous acts that later earned him the European Campaign Medal and the French Legion.
Eddie met the love of his life, Rose Marie Altieri on New Year's Eve in 1947.
They married in Brockton on October 12, 1950.
The couple raised two sons, E. Peter Guaraldi, Jr. and John Joseph Guaraldi.
Eddie and Marie doted on their grandson, Peter James Guaraldi, throughout his childhood.
After his service, 
Mr. Guaraldi attended school to be a radio and electronic technician, eventually getting a job at Central Radio in Brockton.
There, he fixed televisions and installed antennae, with the desire to open his own business.
In 1951, that dream came true as Eddie opened Community Television in Brockton, running the family business for 44 years before working part-time alongside his eldest son until the age of 80.
Eddie was very involved in the South Shore and Brockton communities.
For decades, he was a longtime volunteer and communicant at his local church Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Brockton.
His volunteering at the Brockton Kids Road Races at D.W. Field Park for nearly 15 years helped make a positive impact on thousands of children and aspiring athletes.