Mr. BIGGS.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the legacy of service and leadership of Michael Pollack, a resident of Arizona's 5th Congressional District, and I join him in celebrating his 50th year of business as the President and Founder.
Pollack Investments specializes in commercial restoration and renovation projects, specifically long-term investments in shopping centers and other multi-tenant locations.
In his industry, many developers will look at a property that has fallen into disrepair and only see a building ripe for demolition.
But, in his own words, Michael sees ``each real estate project as an opportunity to enhance the fabric of Arizona's cities, one development at a time.''
That's not just a catchy line.
After renewing these properties to their full potential, Michael insists that they are held for many years--even multiple decades--to ensure the long-term success of their surrounding neighborhoods.
Michael's foresight and unique understanding a major driver of economic development across the Phoenix metro area, and what began with Michael building a single home in 1973 has grown into a staggering portfolio, with commercial real estate assets totaling in the tens-of-millions of square feet.
Michael's expertise has allowed for success where others have fallen short, remaining profitable even in the most difficult of economic times.
And it's in these times that Michael's character has shown through.
Whether refusing to take advantage of those affected by the housing crash and economic downturn or working with tenants to make it through the uncertainty of the COVID era without closing their doors, Michael has always remained focused on protecting the overall economic and social health of our cities and their residents.
In this mission, I'm certain of his continued success.
More importantly, however, Michael's legacy extends far past his business.
His same passion for revitalization has allowed entire communities to start fresh by bringing in new development and jobs has also given hope to individuals and organizations through his philanthropy and deep community involvement.
One