Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 175th anniversary of Washington Gas, a leading provider of energy services in the national capital region.
In 1848, Congress passed, and President James Polk signed, an Act that chartered the Washington Gas Light Company, making Washington Gas the first congressionally chartered gas company in the country.
Washington Gas was originally responsible for installing gas lights in the United States Capitol, the White House, and along Pennsylvania Avenue in the District.
Washington Gas expanded its service into Maryland and Virginia around the turn of the 20th century, and today provides energy to more than 1.2 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers in the national capital region.
Over the years, Washington Gas and its employees have supported various nonprofit, community, civic, and charitable organizations.
This support has enhanced the quality of life for countless individuals and families in D.C., Maryland, and Virginia, providing millions of dollars for vocational training, job placements, and other paths to long-term employment, including more than $500,000 in scholarships for underrepresented students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
Since 2018 alone, Washington Gas' philanthropic programs and initiatives have contributed more than $7 million in local support.
This funding has advanced programs that support healthy and safe communities.
Washington Gas employees have provided more than 140,000 hours of volunteer service since 2005 to organizations in D.C., Maryland, and Virginia, including the Capital Area Food Bank, Special Olympics DC, Healthy Babies Project, The Latino Student Fund, The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, INROADS, Junior Achievement, The March of Dimes, YMCA of Greater Washington, A Wider Circle, and The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
This year also marks the 40th anniversary of the Washington Area Fuel Fund (WAFF).
Since 1983, WAFF has provided over $33 million to help more than 308,000 local families heat their homes during challenging times, no matter their heating source.
Washington Gas pays all administrative fees to ensure that every WAFF dollar goes to a family in need.