Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate two anniversary celebrations.
This month, District Energy of Saint Paul will mark its 40th anniversary, and its subsidiary Ever-Green Energy, will mark its 25th year of providing heating and cooling to downtown Saint Paul and the nearby West Side neighborhood.
For years, these organizations have demonstrated a path to sustainable energy deployment by heating and cooling hundreds of buildings, from homes to hotels, offices to sports venues, and more.
Their deep knowledge of energy system management has allowed them to promote energy conservation and dependable heating and cooling services to their customers and--just as important--a path forward on a climate-resilient future.
Founded in 1983 as a public-private partnership, the nonprofit District Energy works with the City of Saint Paul, the Saint Paul Port Authority, and local business leaders to benefit our community.
District Energy manages the largest hot water district system in North America, featuring biomass-fired cogeneration, thermal storage, and solar thermal technology, sending hot water and chilled water throughout their network of over 200 buildings, including commercial, light industrial, and residential areas.
This approach, which is rare in the United States, was championed by Saint Paul Mayor George Latimer, as a cleaner and more price-stable alternative to natural gas during the 1970s oil crisis.
In addition to excellent service, District Energy provides great value and exemplary energy efficiency.
In 2011, District Energy launched the largest solar hot water installation in the country, and in 2019, they ended their use of coal.
By 2050, they plan to achieve carbon neutrality by reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by 7 percent annually.
Even the United Nations has taken note, recognizing District Energy as 1 of just 3 American systems achieving global standards for best practices.
Now, District Energy customers pay less for energy today than they did 40 years ago.
Ever-Green Energy was founded in 1998, as a for-profit subsidiary of the nonprofit District Energy.
Ever-Green Energy brings District Energy's expertise to not only the management of their operations but also allows other communities to employ their expertise by hiring them as consultants for new renewable energy projects.
Ever-Green Energy manages 10 utility systems, assists communities in developing plans to meet their climate and carbon reduction goals, helps optimize energy systems, and more.
In addition to being good for the planet this strategy is good for the residents of Saint Paul who enjoy low rates offset by the consulting revenue that subsidizes Ever-Green Energy's local operations.
Throughout their years of operation, District Energy and Ever-Green Energy have demonstrated a spirit of innovation and relentless progress combined with true expertise and sound management.
Their operations have won praise from all over the world as well as the appreciation of our entire Saint Paul community.