Mr. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an outstanding gentleman and dear friend, Dr. Matthew Causey.
Dr. Causey departed this life on September 6, 2023.
He was born on August 5, 1943, in New Orleans, Louisiana to the late Helen Kelly Jones and Matthew Causey.
For most of his childhood, he grew up in St. Charles Parish in the small town.
It was there that life-long values were formed under the loving and watchful eyes of his late grandparents, Eva and Andrew Kelly, Sr., and his 7 aunts and uncles.
To him, his many first cousins were more like brothers and sisters, and to many close relatives, he was known as ``Snook.''
Dr. Causey's early education preparation culminated in his graduation from George Washington Carver High School in Hahnville, LA.
Thereafter, he enrolled at Southern University at New Orleans (SUNO), and eventually transferred to the Baton Rouge campus, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics Education in 1966.
He began his professional career as a math teacher in Orleans Parish Public Schools at Samuel S. Green Junior High School.
Always yearning to learn more, Matthew earned a Master of Science degree in Mathematics from Loyola University in New Orleans in 1970.
Continuing his steadfast commitment to education, Matthew applied and was accepted into a doctoral program in mathematics education at the University.
It was there that he met the love of his life, Lynette Smith, as they were both pursuing doctoral degrees.
Upon completing their respective graduate programs, they returned to New Orleans.
They married in 1978.
Their lifelong love lasted 45 years and was the epitome of a love supreme.
Their family grew to include 2 sons with a daughter in the middle: Erik Matthew Causey, Lauren Lynette Causey, and Alan Charles Causey.
He was an exceptional husband and father, as well as a true ``Village Father'' who always worked to help as many children as he could.
Dr. Causey sought to advance academic excellence at SUNO by teaching, motivating, and inspiring his students with a love of learning.
He rose to the rank of Associate Professor, served as Chair of the Mathematics and Physics Department, was Dean of the College of Science, and served as Associate Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs.
Throughout his tenure, the defining principle underlying all his decisions was his sincere love and respect for the students and the university.
His achievements were acknowledged in 1996 when he received the Presidential Faculty Excellence Award at SUNO.
After a stellar and impactful career, Dr. Causey retired with more than 40 years of service to SUNO.
Dr. Causey's involvement and contributions to education reached beyond the walls of classrooms and into the community.
One of his proudest contributions is that in 1993, he was one of three trailblazing founders of the New Orleans Charter Science and Mathematics High School, which focused on enriching STEM initiatives for high school students.
That school is still in operation today.
Dr. Causey also wrote a chapter in a book, entitled Called to Sankofa, which was a narrative account of post-Katrina New Orleans, highlighting the importance of maintaining an education system following a disaster.
His academic work and contribution extended to many professional and advocacy organizations.
Dr. Causey was a long-time judge for the Regional Mathematics and Science Fair and was a board member of the Southwest Educational Development Laboratory.
In appreciation for his involvement and contribution, he received numerous honors, awards, and special recognition from peers and community organizations.
He was a proud member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and was active for years in the Gamma Rho Chapter.
Above all, Matthew was a man of Faith and a dedicated member.
Paul the Apostle Catholic Church.
He served as a longstanding member of the Finance Council.
For his outstanding service to the church, in 2019 he was