Mrs. RODGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired Lieutenant CoIonel John Philip Kowzan.
A native of Spokane, Washington, Phil joined the United States Army in 1961 and selflessly served his Nation for 28 years.
During his time in the military, he was called upon to serve in Vietnam where he earned the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal with 3 bronze service stars, and the Army Commendation Medal with 2 oak leaf clusters.
During his decorated military service, retired LTC Kowzan developed a profound respect for his fellow servicemembers.
He saw firsthand the personal sacrifices of life and limb that his brothers and sisters in arms were prepared to make, as well as the invisible scars they would each carry home with them.
Phil's profound understanding of these struggles motivated him to dedicate the remainder of his life to honoring those who answered our nation's call to service.
In 2001, Phil was asked to perform Taps in conjunction with a military funeral honors service for a longtime friend and fellow veteran.
A musician at heart who played in a number of community bands through the years, he humbly accepted the request as a way of fulfilling the obligation cited by President Abraham Lincoln to ``Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause.''
Thus began a 23-year long run as a bugler in Eastern Washington.
In 2010, the community's demand for Phil's services grew exponentially when the Washington Department of Veterans Affairs opened the Washington State Veterans Cemetery in Medical Lake, Wash.
Without hesitation, Phil volunteered to assist with military funeral honors as one of the facility's three buglers.
In the first year alone, he performed more than half of the 350 interments at the cemetery, which now performs more than 900 services annually.
As the facility's primary bugler, Phil frequently makes the 46 mile round trip--as often as five times a week--to ensure every veteran receives the honor and recognition of a grateful nation they deserve.
Phil quickly earned a reputation amongst the region's funeral directors and soon began receiving calls to perform at community cemeteries, funeral homes, event halls, and public events across the state.
At 86 years young, Phil still carries the same burning desire he first felt 23 years ago to make sure no servicemember is ever left behind.
In total, he has rendered honors for more than 3,000 military funerals in the Spokane area, making him an inspiration to every person he meets.
Phil is a decorated veteran, committed public servant, and model citizen.
He is simply the very best of the United States of America.