The current laws on sexual harassment mean that employers often adopt individualised responses to institutional problems.
That creates space for employers to minimise what is going on and leads to confusion about how to respond appropriately.
Only 45% of managers felt supported by their organisation when reports were made to them.
Ultimately, our current laws do not protect people who have encountered traumatic experiences.
We can and must do better.
My Bill will strengthen the legislative protections against workplace sexual harassment.
It will help to create safer working environments that are fit for the 21st century.
It introduces a standalone duty for employers to take responsible steps to prevent sexual harassment within their organisations.
That will make a real difference, as it will require employers to take proactive steps to address sexual harassment.
It will help to instil a culture change, and it will ensure that people who abuse women and others can no longer rely on their workplaces turning a blind eye.
Instead, they will be held accountable for their actions, making workplaces safer, more productive and more enjoyable for everyone.
I have been pleased to see cross-party consensus for my Bill from the outset, with all parties willing to work together to ensure its passage.
There has been unstinting cross-party support from a sizeable majority of MPs and peers, which clearly demonstrates that workplace sexual harassment is not a party political issue anymore.
I am glad that today should mark the final point of the passage of these vital protections into law.
It took the best part of 2023 to get us here, and I thank everybody involved for their patience and support.
I express my particular gratitude to the Minister for Women and Equalities and the Government Whips, whose support during the ups and downs of the difficult passage of the Bill I have greatly appreciated.
I say a big thank you to Baroness Burt of Solihull, who has worked tirelessly in the other place to ensure that my Bill got to this stage.
My thanks also go to the team at the Government Equalities Office, whose constant advice and encouragement has been outstanding.
Finally, I thank my own team for sticking with me.
I will now speak to Lords amendments 1 and 2, which have undoubtedly narrowed the scope of my Bill.
Lords amendment 1, tabled by Lord Hannan of Kingsclere, removes clause 1 from the Bill, getting rid of the proposed liability of employers for third-party harassment in the workplace.
It means that incidents of third-party harassment will continue not to be covered by the law, other than in extreme cases resulting in clear personal injury or where a criminal offence has been committed.
The legal situation  will remain as it has been since third-party harassment protections were repealed in 2013.
I personally think that that is a shame.
Lords amendment 2, tabled by Baroness Noakes, narrows the concept of “all reasonable steps” to simply “reasonable steps”.
The practical steps that an employer might take would be substantially the same.
For example, employers might consider implementing an effective equality policy, providing anti-harassment training and dealing effectively with employee complaints, among other things.
The difference in the wording means that the tribunals would apply a lower threshold when assessing a breach of the employer duty compared with the original drafting of the Bill.
The Equality Act 2010 already contains a statutory defence that requires an employment tribunal assessment of whether an employer took all reasonable steps to determine legal liability.
The amendment will not change the Equality Act’s existing statutory defence, but will create a different test for the new duty on employers to prevent sexual harassment.
The employer duty will still send a strong signal to employers that they need to take action to prioritise prevention of sexual harassment and ultimately improve workplace practices and cultures.
I cannot stand here and say that I am completely happy with the amendments, but if I did not accept them the Bill would not progress into law, and that would be a lot worse.
Peers in the other place have reached an understanding with Baroness Burt of Solihull and me: to ensure the passage of the sexual harassment preventive duty, we have accepted the amendments under discussion today.
The longer it takes for legislation preventing sexual harassment to become law, the more workers—especially women—will be left at risk of workplace sexual harassment.
That would simply not be acceptable.
In the face of continuous scandals, we as lawmakers cannot stand by and do nothing.
Once the Bill has passed into law, it will be the beginning of a much-needed culture change.
I have been most grateful for the guidance of the Fawcett Society and the wider alliance for women, who continue to support the Bill because of the substantial difference it will make to women’s lives.
Without their support and guidance, I would not have been able to take this revised Bill forward.
Those groups remain disappointed that the clause that would have provided protection from third-party harassment has not been taken forward.
I fully accept their disappointment.
Further protections are essential to give businesses and organisations clarity on what they need to do to make their workplaces safe for everybody.
We hope that the debate on this Bill has encouraged all businesses and organisations to recognise that they can make a significant difference in protecting staff from harassment by customers and clients.
There remains unfinished business, but the discussion is moving us forward and it is important that we get cross-party support in both Houses, which is why I keep saying that I am accepting the Lords amendments.
The Government’s own survey on sexual harassment found that every day 1.5 million people face sexual harassment from a third party at work—that does not even consider the scale of other forms of third-party harassment, for example those of a racist or homophobic nature.
I will continue to make the case for protections against third-party harassment to be put in place, and I hope that the Government will listen and continue to  work with the Fawcett Society and the wider alliance for women to bring the required legislation forward in the next Parliament.
I am content that as of today we have reached a consensus on a pragmatic way forward.
It is vital that we send a clear signal that sexual harassment in the workplace is not acceptable and steps should be taken to prevent it.
I am grateful for the cross-party support and particularly the support of the Government.
I ask the House to accept the Lords amendments so that this Bill can pass into law.
No one should have to wait any longer for this vital step towards safer and more respectful workplaces.
I do not propose to divide the House today and I am happy that we have got to a place where the Bill has been effectively gutted by their lordships.
I am happy with the cross-party consensus on where we have got to.
It is right that we have removed the third-party liability, but there is something regrettable about the way this Bill has developed.
There was a good moment when, in response to pressure from their lordships, the Government proposed to introduce a new defence against Equality Act harassment, whereby it should be possible to defend a suit on the grounds that there was no intention to injure the injured party, and merely overheard conversations and civil discussions, be they among colleagues or customers, should not be liable to legal action.
That was a good step; it developed and improved our equalities law.
In response to pressure from the other place, the Government have now withdrawn the third-party liability measure, which is a good thing.
I agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  that we are now in a position to abstain from opposing this Bill.
However, we need to debate our equalities framework in this country.
Fundamentally, we need to stop bringing forward what I call performative legislation intended simply to outlaw behaviour we disapprove of, immoral conversations, bad manners, and action likely to cause hurt and distress.
We cannot legislate against all of those actions and if we try— Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will be happy to give way to the hon.
Lady in a moment.
I recognise that we all intend to do the right thing by bringing forward this legislation.
I recognise that the Government are trying to do the right thing, as is  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) .
However, we get into all sorts of trouble when Opposition Members get hold of this sort of law in Committee and when the courts are required to judge on what will necessarily be obscure language about the management of human relations and free speech.
The precedent being set by this law is dangerous.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that a lot of the damage that is done in a workplace, which leaves an individual, perhaps a young one in their first employment, feeling undermined, damaged, bullied and harassed, often comes from exactly the sort of casual conversation they overhear in a canteen or in the office?
The intent of the Bill was not to be restrictive of people, but to protect young people in the workplace, on whom these things can have a huge impact.
The hon.
Lady defines exactly the issue.
She talks about the intent of the Bill being to protect people from feeling distressed, which I think is absolutely right—we should all intend that—but it is difficult for law to manage and protect people’s feelings.
The consequence of writing that into black and white means that we then require courts to adjudicate on all sorts of very difficult emotional issues.
The hon.
Lady talks about the intent behind the Bill.
We all intend the right thing here.
We are all in unity that we disapprove of harassment and incivility, but we disapprove of all sorts of things that we cannot and should not try to criminalise.
The consequence of criminalising bad manners—even very bad manners—is fundamentally to curtail free speech and the freedom upon which all of our civility as a society depends.
I am glad that we are having this discussion in a very respectful way, because that is how it should work.
I recognise that that discussion may not have been had enough and we need a little more time having it.
Does the hon.
Gentleman think that legislation guides better behaviour and that, for that reason, it is important that we pass certain laws?
That is the intention of the Bill.
As I say, I have accepted the Lords amendment, but does he agree that legislation guides better behaviour and that is what we should aim for?
This is an important discussion.
The hon.
Lady is saying that the law is a teacher—indeed, it is—and influences the culture.
It is also true that the law needs to reflect the culture, so we modernise our legislative framework in response to public opinion and how things are.
We now legalise things that were illegal in the past in response to the way culture evolves.
However, the law is a teacher in a bad way too.
It can introduce negative effects into our culture and chill free speech.
It can inhibit the sorts of conversation that are necessary for the development and progress of our society, which is a topic that will come up later in other legislation.
There were significant attempts during the pandemic to effectively criminalise or inhibit free speech around the pandemic response, on exactly the same grounds that we might use in this debate, namely that it is important for public protection and the protection of the vulnerable that misinformation, disinformation and, in this context, harassment should be criminalised.
That was wrong, and I really worry about the possible chilling effect of this legislation.
A narrow gap is left in this law to criminalise free speech.
Many Members will raise the outrageous and unacceptable behaviour that many employees have to put up with in the workplace—I recognise that too.
We absolutely need to insist that that does not happen, but that is a job for the culture and for employers.
In a sense, it is a job for all of us to instil the right sort of moral conduct in our communities, but frankly it is impossible to write legislation in black and white that achieves the outcomes the hon.
Lady wishes without also inhibiting free speech.
I will end with an observation about another piece of legislation that I understand is being contemplated for the King’s Speech: a conversion therapy ban.
I am afraid that that is another instance where, under the noble and honourable impulse to stop outrageous and unacceptable practices going on, we are proposing a  piece of performative legislation in response to a vocal and activist lobby group that will put into law an imprecise and fuzzy set of moral aspirations.
Once Opposition Members get hold of it in Committee, on Third Reading and in the House of Lords, the scope will be expanded and then courts will be required to criminalise conversations between adults and their therapists, parents and children, which is exactly what happens in other countries where this well-intentioned legislation has been passed into law.
The law is a teacher, but it is not an opportunity for moral grandstanding and virtue signalling.
We have an obligation to put into black and white words that the courts clearly understand and that do not end up curtailing free speech.
It is a relief that we have this Bill back here today, given that it was reported earlier in the year that it was likely to be shelved, possibly because of the backlash we have just heard.
The Bill has come back from the other place, albeit heavily amended, and it still represents a step in the right direction, albeit a very small one.
The hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  has done a sterling job in getting this Bill through the Parliamentary maze.
She has been extremely gracious and generous in her comments today, given what is left in the Bill.
I think it is a fine description to say that it has been narrowed in scope.
Alternatively, it could be described, as  the hon.
Member for Devizes (Danny Kruger)  has just done, as having had the guts ripped out of it.
I know which description suits what has happened better.
There is quite a contrast between what we have now and what we had when the Bill started its journey through the House.
The Bill was never about criminalising free speech; it was about tackling a real and live issue in the workplace.
When the Bill started its passage, Members rightly spoke in unison about the appalling scale and nature of sexual harassment in Britain’s workplaces.
Indeed, we should all be deeply concerned about the numbers of women facing harassment at work.
The latest data from the Government show that nearly one in three employees experienced some form of sexual harassment in the previous year.
That means that 4.7 million women each year experience harassment in the workplace, and we know that the impact on those victims can be profound.
We know that it can lead to a variety of harms, including psychological, physical and economic harms, and all too often the perpetrators get away with it.
According to recent data, 41% of perpetrators of sexual harassment see no sanction at all.
Meanwhile, 17% of those who are sexually harassed end up working elsewhere due to their experiences.
In 2023, that is not good enough.
Those figures speak for themselves about why parliamentary intervention is needed.
I am glad that we are supporting this Bill.
My hon.
Friend talks about women being subject to sexual harassment, and we know that the problem is endemic, but it also seems that, increasingly, young men are reporting that they are falling foul of that—even in this place.
It is really important that we recognise that men, particularly younger men, can be victims as well.
Yes, that is absolutely right.
The Equality Act is framed in such a way that it protects everyone from harassment on the basis of their sex.
I think that we now have a Bill that, after the amendments, to our regret will not protect workers from third-party harassment.
The duty to take all reasonable steps has now been reduced or watered down to taking reasonable steps.
We are disappointed that the Bill returns in a form that looks very different from what was originally passed by this House.
It seems that the original good intentions of the Bill have—to use the terms of the hon.
Member for Devizes—been “gutted”, and I am sorry to say that seems to have been with the support of the Government.
Let us not forget that, when the Bill passed through the Commons originally, it did have support from the Government and it also had cross-party support, which is a rarity these days.
Therefore, it is extremely disappointing that the democratically elected House seems to have given in to the unelected Lords, seemingly with the endorsement of the Government.
I have to say that the Government’s decision to support the Lords amendments that have taken the guts out of the Bill is frustrating, given that the Bill was enacting pledges that the Government had made.
Does the hon.
Gentleman not recognise that this is the Bill of  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  and it is up to her to decide which amendments she does or does not accept?
The Government have fully supported the hon.
Lady.
This is not a Government decision; it is part of the parliamentary process.