The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
A Division was called.
Division off.
Question negatived.
Consideration of Lords amendments I beg to move, That this House agrees with Lords amendment 1.
With this it will be convenient to discuss Lords amendment 2.
Workplace sexual harassment blights our society.
Not a week goes by in which we do not hear about sexual misconduct in an organisation somewhere in the UK.
Some 43% of women have experienced at least three incidents of sexual harassment at work.
Most victims do not report it, for fear of not being believed or of damaging their working relationships and career prospects.
Although sexual harassment is not confined to women, the vast majority of victims are women.
Harassment has a devastating impact on victims.
Nearly half of women harassed at work said that it had harmed their mental health.
One in four said that they avoided certain work situations, such as meetings, courses, locations and shifts, to avoid the perpetrator.
More than one in four said that they wanted to leave their job but could not.
Nearly one in five left their job as a result of this treatment.
Every person should be safe from sexual harassment, but every day new stories expose the extent of the problem in our workplaces.
Just this year, there has been a torrent of misconduct allegations against prominent companies and organisations.
There remain questions to be answered at the CBI, Odey Asset Management, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, the fire services, the National Crime Agency and even our NHS.
The hon.
Lady is making a very important speech about a powerful topic.
As a former NHS employee for over 30 years, I am aware of some poor practice and lack of control over certain individuals who are sexual predators.
They are only a small minority, but they have a massive impact on other NHS workers.
Does she agree with me that we must protect our precious NHS staff and stamp out sexual harassment in all workplaces?
I could not agree more.
The hon.
Lady points out that a few individuals damage the reputation of a whole organisation and, especially when it comes to our NHS, that is devastating.
The Bill should be good for organisations because it protects them as well.
Will the hon.
Lady clarify—I am not sure from her remarks so far—whether she is in favour of Lords amendment 1, or is she speaking against it?
I will come to that later, but I will be supporting the Lords amendments.
There are many good employers who have implemented measures to safeguard their employees.
However, far too many have not done enough to prevent and punish sexual harassment.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech about an issue that, as she says, has blighted our workplaces.
Does she agree that part of the problem is that employers do not act when harassment begins at a low level?
Putting workers down, talking over them and belittling them is just the start and it grows from there.
Too often in the past, people have just been moved to a different department.
Will her Bill put an end to that sort of atmosphere in the workplace?
Yes, it should be the beginning of a culture change to prevent sexual harassment happening before it gets to a point where it has such damaging effects.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission found that in nearly half of cases reported the employer took no action, minimised the incident or placed the responsibility on the employee to avoid the harasser.
What one also finds again and again is that the employer does not really know what to do.
When the Bill becomes law, there will be guidance for employers so that they know exactly what is expected of them.
That should help organisations to face those problems.