The incident at HMP Belmarsh is subject to a police investigation.
As such, we are unable to comment further in any level of detail at this stage.
The Prison Service has also commissioned an investigation, and its terms of reference are being finalised.
It will include details of what happened and why, as well as recommendations to prevent recurrences.
We will provide updates to Parliament in due course.
Separately, on  22 April  we announced to Parliament an independent review of the recent terrible incident where staff were assaulted by Hashem Abedi at HMP Frankland; we will make further announcements in the coming days.
Our prison officers are some of the hardest working and bravest public servants this country has.
We are committed to ensuring that they are safe at work and are able to keep the public safe.
We announced at last the Justice oral questions that the Prison Service has commissioned a rapid review of access to and use of self-cook areas across the prison estate, including their use in special units.
The review will report back with recommendations in June.
We recently announced a review of conducted energy devices—also known as Tasers—and there is a trial involving a small number of national operational response and resilience unit staff.
Body-worn video cameras, batons, PAVA spray and rigid bar handcuffs are currently available for use by staff, and protective body armour is already worn by specialist prison staff and officers in cases where there is planned use of force or where safe systems of work for the management of high-risk prisoners dictates.
We have also announced a review into whether protective body armour should be made available to frontline staff, and that review will report in June.
I repeat: the safety and security of our frontline prison staff is our No. 1 priority.
Let me place on record our sympathies to the prison officer injured at HMP Belmarsh.
We wish them a full recovery and thank all prison officers for their courage in the face of growing danger.
Let us be clear about what is happening in our prisons.
Violence against officers has spiralled out of control.
In just the past month, two of Britain’s most dangerous terrorists—Axel Rudakubana and Hashem Abedi—have launched vicious attacks on officers in two of our supposedly most secure prisons.
The Secretary of State ordered a snap review into the attack at HMP Frankland,  but three weeks later we have no answers and no action.
Every day it goes on, the safety of officers is at risk, so I ask the Minister, when will this review conclude?
Why has every prison officer exposed to dangerous inmates not already been provided with a stab vest—not in June, but today?
I have spoken to officers who say that attacks with boiling water are not uncommon.
Will the Minister commit to ordering the removal of every kettle from high-risk prisoners—not in June, but today?
This goes deeper than one review.
Men like Rudakubana and Abedi glorify violence and dream of martyrdom, and still governors pander to them.
I could not care less if Rudakubana never had a hot drink again—nor would the British public.
This culture of appeasement and protecting the rights of convicted terrorists and criminals over the safety of our officers must end now.
If that means keeping them in cells with just a bed, so be it.
If it means no contact, no privileges, and certainly no cups of tea, so be it.
Let segregation truly and finally mean segregation.
I want to say this as clearly as I can.
I warn the House now that if the Government do not get a grip, a prison officer will be killed.
We have had enough reviews.
We need action.
That is the least that prison officers deserve.
We are managing the most complex people in the most complex system.
Our prison staff have to manage extremely dangerous people, and they do it with real bravery.
We will do whatever it takes to keep them safe.
That is why we have already taken the actions that we have.
All prisons carry out regular risk assessments and implement associated safe systems of work.
If a risk is identified regarding kettle use or intelligence is received that one might be used in an assault, the kettle will be withdrawn.
Frankly, kettles were used for 14 years under the previous Government’s watch, as they rightly trusted the professional skill and expertise of those running and working in our prisons.
That is what we are doing now.