Violence in prisons escalated for years under the previous Government, who left our prisons at breaking point.
What is the Minister doing to bring down levels of violence in our jails?
My hon.
Friend is right to point that out.
A violence reduction training module is available to all staff to help them better understand the drivers of violence and how to mitigate and manage those risks, including the use of a case management model for those at raised risk of being violent.
Measures to ease prison crowding are vital for improving prison safety, as we know that crowded conditions can fuel violence.
In recent years, prisons have expanded security measures, such as X-ray body scanners and airport-style enhanced gate security, to tackle the smuggling of drugs, mobile phones and other contraband that can drive violence in prisons.
We must always be alert and moving things forward because the situation is forever changing.
Does the Minister accept that the safety and security of our prison officers should always come before protecting the rights of convicted criminals?
Will he provide stab vests and Tasers for all officers who request them?
I agree wholeheartedly that the safety and security of our prison staff must always come first and foremost.
To address the other part of the hon.
Member’s question, I have already indicated that a review is going on.
That needs to be done properly and effectively, and we will come back and inform the House in due course.
Violence in prisons rose sharply as investment and staffing fell under the previous Government.
I spoke to a prison officer who got an award for his bravery in dealing with one of the many incidents at the prison.
He took his daughter to receive the award, and afterwards she begged him to stop doing the job.
He no longer was a prison officer after that.
What are the Government doing to halt the levels of violence and increase staffing levels?
I congratulate that prison officer for the award he got and the work he did.
The Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 requires courts to consider the fact that serious offences were committed against emergency workers.
The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 doubled the maximum penalty to two years, so there are actions in place, but we need to be ever vigilant on this matter.
That is why  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  was right to ask the urgent question: we need to be ever vigilant and work ever harder with the brilliant people who run and work in our prisons.
As co-chair of the justice unions parliamentary group, I know that unions have been raising the problem of safety and violence against staff in prisons for years under the previous Government, which underfunded them and let them down.
Will the Minister commit to meet unions at the launch in July of the newly updated “Safe Inside” prisons charter developed by the Joint Unions in Prisons Alliance, a coalition of nine unions representing workers in prisons, and that His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service will accept the recommendations in the charter?
I am happy to meet those unions and the right hon.
Member on the charter.
Obviously, until we see the charter, it is difficult to know where things are going on that, but I am sure that HMPPS will be proactive in working with all the associations on getting the charter right.
Ministers will recall the horrific attack on prison staff at HMP Frankland in Durham last month.
While I was grateful for the Minister for Prisons’ reply to my correspondence, I noted the lack of commitment around the issuing of stab-proof vests on the high-security estate.
That is a key ask from the Prison Officers Association.
While I welcome the Minister’s words today when he said that it will be looked into, I ask that it is done at pace because too many prison officers are worried about whether they will come out of work in their own vehicle or in the back of an ambulance.
Where an assessment is needed for stab-proof vests now, they can be deployed, but following the recent incident at HMP Frankland, HMPPS has commissioned a review to establish whether it is necessary for prison officers to wear protective body armour routinely.
The review will inform any decision on the use of protective body armour on the prison estate and will report in June.
June is next month, so it is happening pretty quickly, and rightly so because this is an urgent issue.
We all understand the need to strike the right operational atmosphere and balance in prisons, but in the interests of the retention and recruitment of prison officers, which is absolutely key if our prison estate is to work effectively, I hope that—irrespective of what the review might advise—the Minister and the Department will move speedily to a position whereby the wearing of anti-stab clothing and the carrying of Tasers and other equipment becomes de facto and routine, rather than merely happening in response to gleaned internal intelligence.
Otherwise, there will be a crisis in the retention and recruitment of officers.
It is crucial that prison officers are equipped with the right protective equipment to do their job safely and securely.
The purpose of these reviews is to ensure that we get that right.
Many of my constituents work at HMP Frankland, which is in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy) .
I met representatives of the  Prison Officers Association last week.
Two of the concerns they raised were about equipment.
They said that during the horrific terrorist attack by Hashem Abedi, they were unable to use batons because the space was too small to wield them, and he was so enraged that pepper spray had no effect on him.
They clearly need additional equipment, so what steps are being taken on that?
If, as the POA told me, activist lawyers and the courts are insisting that dangerous terrorist prisoners have access to kettles and the ability to use kitchens, will the Government consider changes to primary legislation to enable those privileges to be removed from that category of prisoner?
Let me say straightaway that access to kitchens has been immediately withdrawn.
A review of equipment is taking place.
The point that my hon.
Friend makes about the intelligence he has had from prison officers at HMP Frankland illustrates the complexity around that issue.
That is why we need to take our time to get this right while moving at pace and coming back to the House fairly quickly.
Thirty-two prison staff were killed in Northern Ireland by terrorists and their criminal associates.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our prison officer staff are safe both inside and outside prisons, as we see an escalation in terrorist activity across this United Kingdom?
Will he raise that issue at the five nations forum on prisons?
I can certainly commit to ensuring that that is raised at the five nations forum.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a sensitive and serious issue that needs to be addressed in the right and proper way.
I thank him for his question.
I have met constituents who are prison officers.
They agree with the former Justice Secretary who said that prison officer cuts were “too much” and led to overcrowding and unsafe conditions.
This Labour Government are rebuilding the trust of prison officers with a 5% pay award, whereas the Conservatives ran away from making such an award.
What engagement does the Minister have with prison officers to understand what safety changes they want, particularly the use of Tasers and stab-proof vests?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point about the way in which the Government immediately recognised the need for an uplift in pay, in line with the independent pay report, and took action straightaway.
As I said, immediately after the terrible incident at HMP Frankland, the Lord Chancellor, the Prisons Minister in the other place
and I met the Prison Officers Association.
Lines are open with all the other staff associations across the piece.
It is important that we work with them to address this issue properly.