I suspect that the hon.
Members on the Government Front Bench are now surrounded: I suspect that they are the only people left in this Chamber who are prepared to defend the cutting of the winter fuel payment.
Dozens of their own MPs have now joined a long list of people telling the Government that they have got it wrong, including the Welsh First Minister—talking about learning lessons from Wales—the money-saving expert Martin Lewis, and voters up and down this country.
The Conservatives have led this campaign from the start, but if the Government will not listen to us, will they now listen to everyone else and think again?
We have set out our policy, but here we are 10 months on and I have no idea what the Conservatives’ policy is.
I am not even sure that they know what their policy is.
For all the shouting, there is no promise to reinstate a universal winter fuel payment.
There is one policy from the Leader of the Opposition, the very woman who called for the winter fuel payment to be means-tested in 2022:
now, she wants to means-test the entire state pension.
Apparently, that is “exactly the sort of thing we will look at”.
She thinks that is bold policymaking.
It is not—it is bonkers.
The good news is that the Minister has no responsibility for the Opposition.
That is not something that the Leader of the Opposition said.
To the point in hand—the winter fuel payment—I wonder for how much longer this tone-deaf final stand will go on.
Every time the Government talk about winter fuel payments, they make out that they had no choice, but that is simply not true.
To govern is to choose.
At best, this policy was only ever going to save £1 billion or so, but they are spending £8 billion on setting up an energy company, and the cost of asylum hotels will rise to £15 billion under Labour.
This has always been a choice, and it is the wrong one.
Can the Minister guarantee that next winter, every single one of the 750,000 poorest pensioners who missed out on the winter fuel payment this year will receive it?
I can guarantee that this Government are going to deliver on our priorities for pensioners by raising the state pension, with a £470-a-year increase this April, and saving the NHS, with a £26 billion increase every single year.
What will the Conservatives be doing?
None of that, because they oppose every single measure required to fund it.
We know what the Tory plan is, because we have just lived through it: pensioner poverty rising and the NHS collapsing.
What steps she is taking through the social security system to tackle poverty in Wales.
This Government are committed to tackling poverty right across the UK.
We are reviewing universal credit to ensure that it is doing the job we want it to do: making work pay and tackling poverty.
We have already announced that we will improve the adequacy of the standard allowance in universal credit, and we have introduced the fair repayment rate.
Alongside that, the child poverty taskforce is exploring all available levers to reduce child poverty in all four nations, including considering social security reforms.
Just a day before the new figures revealed yet another rise in child poverty in Wales, the UK Labour Government confirmed plans for billions of pounds-worth of welfare cuts, pushing tens of thousands more children into hardship.
The Government tell me that the data is not robust enough to know the poverty impact on Wales, which is really not good enough.
The Labour First Minister—of the Senedd, not the “Assembly”, if I may correct  the hon.
Member for Bristol North East (Damien Egan) —has also criticised this Government’s approach.
Will the Secretary of State now listen to the First Minister of Wales, conduct a Wales-specific impact assessment and scrap these cruel measures?
I am sorry to disappoint the hon.
Lady, but I am sure she would not want us to produce a potentially inaccurate assessment of the impact on Wales.
What I would say—and I am sure that she agrees with this—is that the levels of poverty in Wales are unacceptable, which is a result of 14 years of the Conservative party failing to address the long-term industrial decline of many communities across Wales.
I would also say to her that the best way to get people out of poverty is to get them into work, so I am sure she will welcome the recent launch of the inactivity trailblazer in Wales.
Does the Minister agree with me that the new fair repayment rate, which caps universal credit deductions at 15%, along with the actions of the Welsh Government to help more than 48,000 young people gain skills and find jobs through the young person’s guarantee scheme will help alleviate poverty in Wales, and therefore should be welcomed?
I of course agree with my hon.
Friend, about both the benefits of the youth guarantee and the specific impact of the fair repayment rate, which across the country will support 1.2 million of the poorest families, including 700,000 families with children.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since our last Question Time, Work and Pensions Ministers and local leaders have launched eight of our 17 Get Britain Working trailblazer programmes across the UK, backed by £240 million of additional investment.
These include South Yorkshire’s brilliant plans to get people back to health and back to work; five trailblazers in London, including specialist support  for young care leavers and those with musculoskeletal conditions; joining up health and employment support in Blaenau Gwent, Denbighshire and Neath Port Talbot in Wales; and our youth guarantee in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough.
There is still much more that we need to do, but we have already made real progress in unlocking people’s potential and getting Britain working and growing again.
One of my constituents is experiencing severe delays in getting Access to Work scheme payments, dating back to February.
In correspondence with the Department, a letter openly says there is no long-term solution to that, so when will the Secretary of State come forward with a long-term solution to speed up these payments?
I really thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and we do actually have a plan right now.
It was announced in our Green Paper that we are going to reform Access to Work.
It is a brilliant support, with a grant or money to help people with physical aids and adaptations, and other support, to get work and to stay in work.
I would encourage him to input into the review, and either I or my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability would be more than happy to meet him to hear his views about how we can make this work for his constituent.
According to Sense, there are over 2,500 people with complex needs in North West Cambridgeshire, many of whom will never be able to work because of their conditions.
Does the Minister agree that dignity for severely disabled people needs to be a priority for the welfare system, and can he update the House on progress towards ensuring that people whose conditions mean they will never be able to work are no longer subject to the appalling repeated reassessments that we saw all too often under the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important subject.
Social security must always be there for those who cannot work.
The changes announced recently to the rates of universal credit protect the incomes of those with the most severe lifelong conditions who will never be able to work.
We will also guarantee that, for both new and existing claims, those in this group will not need to be reassessed in future.
Those are baked into the Green Paper proposals.