Less than 1% of savers actively opt out of saving each month, but the hon.
Gentleman is completely right to say that we need to remain vigilant and ensure that opt-out rates do not rise in the years ahead.
There was some more volatility in opt-out rates during the pandemic, for reasons that I am sure he will understand, but, as I say, we have been seeing those come down recently.
I am happy to keep talking to him about that in the years ahead.
If we want young people, including those in my constituency, to believe in the value of long-term investing, they need to see that their pensions are helping to build the country that they live in and are not just distant markets.
Will the Minister set out what steps he is taking to ensure that the Government’s pensions reforms encourage funds to invest more in UK infrastructure and hybrid companies?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Although we celebrate the success of auto-enrolment, as  the hon.
Member for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson)  has just done, we must complete the job.
We need bigger and better pension funds that are better able to deliver returns for their members, support our economy and invest in infrastructure and private assets in the months and years ahead.
What estimate her Department has made of the potential impact of changes to the eligibility criteria for personal independence payment on the number of people receiving that payment who will move into employment.
Pathways to Work sets out reforms to stop people falling into inactivity.
They include tailored employment support for people out of work on health and disability grounds, including those claiming personal independence payments, so that they can fulfil their ambitions like everybody else.
The Government say that their PIP reforms will help people into employment, but the Multiple Sclerosis Society says that 60% of sufferers believe those reforms will make it harder for them to find work, not easier.
An estimate must have been made of what percentage of claimants will feasibly enter employment as a result of these reforms.
Will the Minister share those figures?
This is a very important set of reforms, for exactly that reason—to make sure people do have the opportunity to move into work.
One in five working-age PIP claimants were in work in March last year; we want many more to have that opportunity.
We are going to improve employment support substantially, Connect to Work is being rolled out across the country this year, and there will be an additional £1 billion per year for employment support by the end of the Parliament.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the impacts of these changes will be set out by the Office for Budget Responsibility at the time of the autumn Budget, and there will be very big improvements for those who are intended to benefit from them.
Helping those who can work to find meaningful employment is an important way to tackle poverty among disabled people, but it will require investment in employment support programmes, incentives for employers to recruit disabled people and enforcement of anti-discrimination rules.
Given the importance of these measures, is it not appropriate that Members are asked to vote on any changes to the benefits system only after all the information about the impact of the proposals has been provided?
My hon.
Friend is right about the scale of the ambition and the changes that need to be made to deliver on it.
Sir Charlie Mayfield is leading the Keep Britain Working review at the moment, looking at what more employers can contribute to those goals.
We have committed an extra £1 billion a year for employment support, but we need to get on with the changes we have  announced in order to ensure that the costs of PIP in particular are sustainable in the future, as it is very important they should be.