Certainly we will come into the detail of how this works once it is on the statute book, in the guidance that is issued, but I am making it very clear to the House tonight that the Government wish those few people—the very small number of asylum seekers and refugees who have been convicted of serious sexual offences such that they have been put on the sex offenders register—to be denied refugee status.
We will also deny refugee status where we are able to show that an individual has been convicted in a foreign court for a crime that would have fallen under schedule 3 to the 2003 Act if they had been convicted in the UK.
Those convicted and made subject to the notification requirements have committed the most serious of sexual offences, which should be included in the definition of a particularly serious crime.
I shall move on to the amendments relating to the Immigration Services Commissioner.
The Government are seeking new powers for the Immigration Advice Authority to clamp down on malpractice in the provision of immigration advice.
Building on clause 40 and schedule 1, these new measures will extend the powers of the Immigration Services Commissioner to ensure effective, modern regulation and enforcement of immigration advice and services.
Government amendment 24 creates the power to amend the definition of “relevant matters” for the different types of immigration advice that can be brought in and out of the Immigration Services Commissioner’s regulatory oversight.
It will introduce greater flexibility to keep pace with wider modernisation and transformation of the immigration system.
Currently those definitions are in primary legislation, but this amendment moves them into secondary legislation.
Government amendment 25 allows for a person’s registration as a provider of immigration advice or immigration services to be cancelled or suspended with  immediate effect where serious concerns are raised regarding their actions or behaviour.
Government amendment 26 establishes that persons who have received certain severe disciplinary sanctions cannot continue to provide immigration advice under the supervision of a person regulated by the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999—otherwise known as substitution.
Government amendment 27 introduces additional sanctions, specifically monetary penalties, and the ability to amend the amount of fines, enhancing the range of tools available to the commissioner to tackle inappropriate or unlawful practice by unregistered advisers and to shore up standards.
Monetary penalties may be imposed up to a maximum of £15,000 on each regulated organisation that has breached the commissioner’s codes of standards, obstructed an inspection or failed to comply with regulations.
Government amendment 28 provides the Home Secretary with the power to specify a non-exhaustive list of fees that the Immigration Services Commissioner can charge for the exercise of their regulatory functions.
Having the ability to charge for services such as competence assessments and training will enable the Immigration Services Commissioner to provide more of those services, helping to drive up competence, capability and capacity in the sector.
Finally, Government amendment 29 makes provision to expand the existing complaints scheme to include unregulated advisers and organisations and to create a civil recovery scheme where the Immigration Services Commissioner can order the refund of fees or the repayment of compensation to the victims of poor practice.
The final Government amendments relate to serious crime prevention orders and electronic devices.
To support operational efficiency, Government amendments 6 to 11 will enable an inspector to authorise a constable to use the powers to access, examine, copy, retain or use information under clauses 20, 21 and 23 of the Bill.
That is thought to be more operationally effective than the current measures in the Bill, which place that authorisation at superintendent level, as I am sure  the hon.
Member for Stockton West (Matt Vickers)  will remember from our long discourse on these matters in Committee.
No.
For me, border security sits alongside fixing potholes, tackling graffiti and fly-tipping, and stopping e-scooter and e-bike speeding.
It is obviously more complicated—for one thing, it involves a great deal of international negotiation—but border security is security.
It is vital for people’s safety and pride.
It underpins so much.
If people cannot rely on the basics, they cannot begin to enjoy everything else that life has to offer.
If people cannot see pledges being kept, promises being delivered and things being improved where they live, they will not just lose trust; they will succumb to hopelessness.
We must not allow the spirit of our people to break.
We must get the basics right, and with the Bill we will do that.
We will secure our borders with this Bill and these amendments.
We will have new powers on seizing electronic devices, a new law to protect life at sea, a new statutory border security command, tougher action on foreign national sex offenders, and the ending of asylum hotels that cost eye-watering sums.
It is in our national interest to get our borders back under control against criminal smuggler gangs.
In order to understand the politics of where we are, I have been looking back at old debates, and Conservative Members may enjoy hearing what I am about to say.
With our policies and politics on border security, as with much else, I feel that we could benefit from listening to a question that was put by the first Earl of Stockton in his maiden speech in the other place in 1985.
He said: “Should we just slowly and majestically sink…like a great ship—or shall we make a new determined and united effort… Let us do the latter and then historians of the future will not describe…the decline and fall of Britain but…the beginning of a new and glorious renaissance.”—[Official
Report, House of Lords,  23 January 1985 ; Vol. 459, c. 254.]
As the Member of Parliament for Bournemouth East, I want to work with all in this place who share the former Conservative Prime Minister’s moderation and  determination to have a united effort to bring about a better Britain.
That involves fixing the basics, such as border security.
After all, it would be an absurdity for small boats to sink a bigger ship.
That is an important concern.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are determined to open up opportunities for people who have been out of work,  often for a long time, on health and disability grounds, and to give them the chance to get into work through much better employment support.
However, we recognise that there will be people who will never be able to work.
Under the proposals for claims for the new universal credit health element, from next April, a higher payment will protect those with the most severe lifelong conditions that have no prospect of improvement, and who will never be able to work.
Eligibility for that will be through the work capability assessment conditions criteria.
I refer the House to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests about the help that I receive from the Refugee, Asylum and Migration Policy Project.
I am also the co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on migration.
I welcome the Government’s action in the Bill to repeal parts of the previous Government’s repeated gimmicks and nonsense legislation in the last Parliament.
I will speak to new clauses 1, 2 and 37, all of which I have sponsored.
New clause 1 was tabled by my right hon.
Friend—apologies, I should have said my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham East (Nadia Whittome) ; she is not right honourable, but she should be.
The new clause would require the Home Office to publish quarterly statistics and information on deaths in the asylum system and small boat channel crossings.
Under the last Government, a horrifying number of refugees and people seeking asylum died trying to cross the channel and in Home Office accommodation.
In 2024, that number reached a record high.
Despite daily and weekly reports on the number of people stopped or deported, we still do not have regular, clear and transparent reporting on those who have lost their lives in the system.
That is incredibly important, not just morally but in order to address the evidence gap, so that we get policy right.
New clause 2 would require reports on the right to work.
I heard what the Minister said about this being a discussion about time, but mental health and working rights are not separate issues.
The majority of asylum seekers in the UK are unable to work and use their skills to support themselves and their families or even to save enough to rent a home.
Instead, they are trapped, isolated, inactive and dependent on state support.
There are countless compelling reasons why asylum seekers should be allowed to work like the rest of the population.
Given the huge amount of support that idea has from the public and businesses, we should at least have the opportunity to scrutinise why the ban remains and the impact that it is having.
If we want integration, why not let people work in their communities and build English language skills?
Finally, new clause 37, tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clapham and Brixton Hill (Bell Ribeiro-Addy) , seeks to ensure that children born in the UK who have grown up here and know no other home are not priced out of citizenship simply because of their parents’ immigration status at the time of their birth.
Such young people are part of our communities, schools and the fabric of our future.
They should not be denied their rights or go on to face barriers in education, housing, healthcare and across society.
They are not “strangers”; they are our friends and neighbours.
Some have stoked racist divisions against migrants—a drum that the far right have continually banged since—and the whole House must oppose that rhetoric.
Amid rising anti-refugee sentiment, including last year’s shocking riots, it could not be more urgent or valuable to enable people to feel secure and contribute to their communities.
I am aghast at some of the amendments tabled by Opposition parties, particularly new clause 41.
I wonder how many ruined lives those Members will consider too many.
It is shameful to see the victimisation of people who have come here to find safety.