No prison officer should go to work in fear that they may leave in an ambulance.
I therefore send my sympathies and those of the Liberal Democrats to the officer injured at  HMP Belmarsh.
Assaults on prison staff have doubled since 2015—a reality for which the Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.
The Government must now get a grip.
The Prison Officers Association, which is holding its conference in my constituency this week, has requested more protective equipment.
The Ministry of Justice is reviewing that, but will it accelerate the review to ensure that officers get that support now, not next month?
Recruitment and retention issues also compromise prison officers’ safety, so what are the Government doing to address that?
Will not discontinuing prison officer graduate schemes such as Unlocked Graduates compromise safety?
How is the MOJ robustly rehabilitating violent offenders to reduce the risk they pose to prison officers and our communities?
Immediately after the incident at HMP Frankland, the Lord Chancellor, the Prisons Minister in the other place
and I met the Prison Officers Association.
That was a significant discussion, and commitments were made to ensure that things were addressed properly and correctly.
The Prisons Minister will be speaking shortly at the Prison Officers Association conference.
The reviews that are in place are being done in fast time, but they need to be done properly so that we can learn the lessons and take the appropriate actions.
They also need input from the people who know exactly what is going on: those in the workforce and those who manage our prisons.
I confirm my interest as a member of the Justice Committee.
Does the Minister agree that overcrowding in prisons is a cause of increased violence towards our prison officers and that that is a direct result of how the previous Government dealt with our prisons system?
Will he please outline what steps are being taken to reduce overcrowding in our prisons?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to say that prison overcrowding makes addressing these issues far more difficult.
That is why the Government have pledged to continue building the remaining 20,000 prison places, which the last Government failed to deliver.
In 10 months, this Government have already added more than 2,000 prison places.
The Conservative Government added 500 places in 14 years.
Surely as a minimum, any prisoner who assaults a prison officer should automatically forfeit any right to early release and all privileges.
Does the Minister agree?
If so, when will he introduce that change?
If not, why not?
The right hon.
Member is right to say that anything that happens should be dealt with immediately by the prison authorities, and that is exactly what is happening.
That is why these reviews are in place: to learn the lessons so that appropriate action can be taken and appropriate steps put in place for the future, taking into account the issues she raised, among others.
This Government inherited a violent, squalid prison estate, which makes the job of prison officers much more difficult and dangerous.
The privatising of maintenance has contributed to overcrowding and the spiralling of violence towards prison officers, so can the Minister explain why contracts are being retendered?
Also, will he release the report recommending more privatisation, so that we can all understand the logic behind this decision?
My hon.
Friend raises a question about prison maintenance; that is always under review.
Contracts were in place when this Government came into office that needed to be taken forward to ensure that our prisons were kept as safe as possible.
Those who are assessed as posing a raised risk of violence are supported through a case management approach that is centred around the individual and addresses the underlying causes of their violence, including specific risk factors and needs, to help them manage and move away from violent behaviours.
I support the shadow Secretary of State’s request for accelerating the supply of stab vests.
Can I ask the Minister for a bit more detail on the Government’s thinking on the use of Tasers?
There is a long track record of Taser use in the UK, and it would seem that we could also accelerate the use of Tasers in prisons as quickly as possible.
I agree with the right hon.
Member that this needs to be looked at as quickly as possible.
This summer, an operational trial on Tasers will be launched, involving specialised officers, to help staff respond to high-risk incidents more effectively.
The findings of the trial will inform any future decisions about the use of Tasers in the prison estate.
We need to learn from what we do so that we can get it right in the future.
I declare an interest as an honorary life member of the Prison Officers Association.
I thank the Minister for the working relationship he has established with the union since coming into office, but could I ask him to liaise with the POA and urgently bring forward a report, prison by prison, about staffing levels and the timescale set aside for training staff, particularly to deal with the violent prisoners they are dealing with at the moment?
I am very happy to continue to work with the Prison Officers Association and other staff associations working in the prison sector to try to address the issues that my right hon.
Friend rightly raises.