With 300,000 people set to be plunged into poverty through the proposals in the Green Paper and 700 families set to go deeper into poverty, will the Secretary of State advise how changes to PIP will ensure that people with disabilities are living their best lives?
The crucial thing is to improve the employment support for people who are out of work on health and disability grounds.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have an ambitious programme, Connect to Work, which is being rolled out this calendar year, building up to an additional £1 billion a year in employment support by the end of the Parliament.
At the moment there are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who say they would like to be in a job now, and could be in a job now, if they had the support they need.
We are determined, through the changes, to provide exactly that support.
My constituent Charlie Vernon was happily benefiting from the Access to Work scheme until redundancy.
He found a new job and did a fresh application last autumn, but since then, well beyond the 24-week timeframe, there has been nothing.
Will my right hon.
Friend look into these sorts of delays and have a more joined-up system, because assessors are apparently dealing with applications from August at the moment?
My hon.
Friend is right that there are currently delays with the Access to Work scheme, reflecting the very large increase in demand and applications for it over the past year or two.
We are making changes to speed things up.
We are also, in the Green Paper, consulting on the future of the Access to Work scheme.
I would really welcome input from my hon.
Friend, and perhaps her constituent as well, about the changes we should be making.
The Government claim to be the party of business, but speak to businesses today and they are hurting.
Reduced opportunities for wealth creation and entrepreneurship, employee national insurance contributions and the Employment Rights Bill are destroying opportunity.
What are the Government doing to incentivise our wealth creators and encourage job creation?
The Government are providing the stability that businesses desperately need.
We are working to transform skills in this country—that is absolutely what most businesses say to me they are desperately short of.
We are overhauling our job centres, so that we actually serve businesses’ needs.
I would just say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that it was under his party that we saw the lowest business investment in the G7.
We are going to overhaul that and make this the best country in which to start up and grow a business.
What assessment has the Minister made of the merits of increasing local housing allowance to alleviate the pressure on housing authorities?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
I just point out that the April 2024 one-year local housing allowance increase has cost an additional £1.2 billion in the last financial year, and it will cost about £7 billion over five years.
We keep local housing allowance rates under review.
He is right to stress the importance of those, but future decisions on them will need to be based on the Government’s priorities and reflect the difficult fiscal conditions that the Government are dealing with.
Helping more people off welfare and into work will require the support and good will of employers, which I fear those on the Government Benches do not fully recognise.
How will the Minister achieve that move, having clobbered businesses with the jobs tax, which covers all sectors of businesses, hospices, charities and many employers?
As I said in response to an earlier question, we are overhauling the way that the Department for Work and Pensions supports employers.
We think it is unacceptable that only one in six businesses has ever  used a jobcentre to recruit.
We are changing that, including by having a single account manager for businesses, so that they do not have to tell their story time and again.
We are overhauling skills in this country, reforming the apprenticeship, and extending the number of sector-based work academy programmes and short skills programmes that businesses desperately want.
I know that businesses are desperately keen to engage with us, because they want to recruit, and it is about time that the right hon.
Lady’s party started listening to businesses.
I have been asked by many of my Livingston constituents for reassurance on the Government’s proposed welfare changes.
Can the Secretary of State assure the House that these reforms will genuinely help people into decent, secure work, all the while protecting those who clearly cannot work due to ill health or disability?
I absolutely reassure my hon.
Friend that that is what we intend to do.
Our employment Bill is about ensuring that we improve the quality of jobs, give greater security to people and bring about more flexible working that will benefit sick and disabled people.
We are investing £1 billion in employment support to make sure that disabled people have the chances and choices they deserve.
Through our review, led by Sir Charlie Mayfield, we are changing the workplace to make it more inclusive, because the Labour party is absolutely about ensuring that disabled people who can work have the right to do so.
Carers UK reports that unpaid carers are still receiving debt notices over carer’s allowance.
Between May 2024 and February 2025, the number of notices increased by 9,000, so we are now talking about 144,000 people.
Will the Secretary of State halt the creation of those overpayment debts until her independent review has taken place and the recommendations are implemented?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that there has been a problem over a long period with overpayments—often inadvertent—of carer’s allowance.
That is why my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State appointed Liz Sayce to undertake her independent review.
I know she is making good progress, and I have regularly kept in touch with her.
We are looking forward to receiving her recommendations, which will cover those who have been affected, and will recommend changes for the future, too.
What analysis has been done of how the changes proposed in the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper will affect those who rely on PIP not just for employment support, but for their daily living and mobility needs?
Can my right hon.
Friend please assure my constituents in Wolverhampton West who are disabled and will never be able to work that their financial support will not be restricted in a way that affects their quality of life, so that they can live with independence, and the dignity that they deserve?
That is an important concern.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are determined to open up opportunities for people who have been out of work,  often for a long time, on health and disability grounds, and to give them the chance to get into work through much better employment support.
However, we recognise that there will be people who will never be able to work.
Under the proposals for claims for the new universal credit health element, from next April, a higher payment will protect those with the most severe lifelong conditions that have no prospect of improvement, and who will never be able to work.
Eligibility for that will be through the work capability assessment severe conditions criteria.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to ensure that when young people leave education, they have the skills they need to thrive in the world of work?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to some of the responses we have already given.
The DWP and the DFE are working together closely as we change apprenticeships and change our jobcentres to ensure that the opportunities are there.
Having met the hon.
Gentleman, I know that his constituency is full of opportunities for young people, and we want to ensure that they get them.
Recent analysis by Health Equity North shows that more than £13 million will be stripped out of the local economy in the City of Durham every year due to PIP changes.
That comes on top of the already worsened health conditions for people in the north-east due to Tory austerity.
Would it not be more constructive for the Government to start by listening to the calls of disability groups and disabled people, and supporting them into work, rather than cutting the benefits first and pushing those people further into poverty?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we are listening.
We are consulting precisely on how best to deploy the additional £1 billion a year for employment support that we have committed to in the Green Paper.
However, the assessment of those measures needs to take account of the significant impact that supporting many more people into work will have on reducing poverty.
My constituents are extremely concerned about changes to the PIP assessment system, and particularly how they will affect people with mental health issues and fluctuating long-term conditions.
Those people may not be able to show the required evidence of how their ability to function is impacted, since their experiences do not always fit within the daily living and mobility assessment criteria.
Can the Minister assure me that the assessment system will be updated to take those genuine challenges into account?
As I said earlier, we are reviewing the PIP assessment process to ensure that it is fit for the future.
That starts this week, with stakeholders having been invited in to discuss the scope of the review and its terms of reference.
However, it is important to bear in mind that by the end of the Parliament we will still be spending £8 billion more on personal independence payments, and there will be 750,000 more people on PIP than there are now.
We are making changes to focus PIP on those in greatest need, while looking at the underlying  assessment process to ensure that it is fit for the future, but there will be more spending and more people on PIP by the time of the next election.