I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for what she said about resolving the issues with the application process for Access to Work.
Will she also kindly reassure disabled people about the future of Access to Work, and that there will not be cuts in the budget for it?
Our reforms to Access to Work are not about savings; they are about ensuring that this brilliant service is available to more people in future.
We are also looking at how it might be delivered—whether it will continue to be delivered through the Department, or through an arm’s length body—or, indeed, an organisation run by and for disabled people.
This is a big opportunity to make changes to a brilliant programme, and I know that the Select Committee will engage with us on this.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that the financial reparations that will be made to LGBT veterans following the Etherton review are not taken into consideration when assessing entitlement to other benefits?
There is an issue with compensation payments more widely, and the right hon.
Gentleman gives an example of a current case.
We are looking at how we can ensure that people who receive those payments are protected.
South Shields will be the 15th most negatively impacted constituency if the Government’s proposed welfare changes go ahead, yet there are no in-person consultation events in the north-east at all.
Can my right hon.
Friend please rectify that?
I will absolutely take that away to look at it.
So many disabled members of society are unable to demonstrate the minimum academic requirements to get on to many courses, or to secure employment.
What steps are the Government taking to support those people, so that they can demonstrate vocational and non-academic competencies, and get the jobs that they deserve?
That is exactly the point of our changes to jobcentres and the £1 billion of investment in employment support—so that we can understand the pathways to work for people who have skills and talents but, as the hon.
Gentleman said, perhaps not quite the right qualifications.
More than 9 million people in the UK are not actively seeking work, with long-term illness cited as the single largest reason.
Does the Minister agree that rather than penalising those who are sick or disabled, the Government should introduce a wealth tax to fund a  genuine transformation of our public services, enabling us to face the future with a healthier, happier and more productive workforce?
I refer my hon.
Friend to the fair, tough choices in the 2024 autumn Budget: there are increases in inheritance tax, capital gains tax and dividends tax, and there are fair taxes on private jets and private schools.
For what purpose?
To fund investment in our public services, with £50 billion extra every year by the end of this Parliament.
This is bringing an end to an era of austerity.
Those are the fair choices that this Government have made and will continue to make.
A number of constituents of mine in Edinburgh West—former police officers, and former and current NHS staff—have come to me with concerns about the way the McCloud judgment on public sector pensions is being implemented, and worries that they will be negatively impacted at great cost.
How will the Government ensure that there is no negative impact?
The implementation of the McCloud judgment—unfortunately, one of the sad consequences of botched reform under the Liberal Democrat and Conservative coalition Government before 2015—is important, and we need to take it seriously.
If there are specific cases, please do write to me about them.
I am aware of the issue about making sure that scheme members get the details from the NHS pension scheme, and we are working together closely to make sure members get those letters as soon as possible.