It is six weeks since the Government cobbled together an emergency plan for welfare cuts to rescue the Chancellor from the consequences of her job-destroying, economy-shrinking Budget, but we are still waiting for some information.
Can the Minister tell the House how many more people will be in work as a result of these measures?
As I have just told the House, the Office for Budget Responsibility will publish its assessment in the autumn—that is what we said at the time of the spring statement.
This is a very big programme; the commitment of an additional £1 billion a year to employment support will open up opportunities for a very large number of people, in the way that the new deal for disabled people did under the last Labour Government all those years ago.
We want to get back to providing the support that people need.
At the moment, 200,000 people who are out of work on health and disability grounds say that they could be in work today if they had the support they need.
We are committed to delivering that support.
I look forward to the OBR’s report, and also to its assessment of the impact of the Employment Rights Bill.
We know that many tens of thousands of jobs are going to be lost because of the national insurance rise, and we know from the OBR that because of the changes that the Government have introduced and the scrapping of the measures we were introducing, 16,000 fewer people will be in work and almost half a million more will be on long-term sickness benefits.
However, let me ask the Minister about disability benefits.
Is he aware that half the number of people who receive PIP who have multiple sclerosis will no longer be eligible for that benefit under the plans that the Government are bringing forward?
A quarter of people with cerebral palsy and three quarters of people with arthritis will also be ineligible.
Is the Minister happy with that, and if not, what hope can he give the hundreds of thousands of people who are being abandoned that the Government will look after them?
The hon.
Gentleman is completely mistaken.
These changes will not take effect until November next year and following each claimant’s award review after that date.
Who receives the benefit will depend on the outcome of the assessment at that time.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the view of the Office for Budget Responsibility is that about 10% of those who are currently claiming PIP will lose their benefit as a result of these changes—a much lower proportion than the one he has just referred to.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Colne Valley constituency.
In Colne Valley, my hon.
Friend’s constituents receive support from Huddersfield jobcentre.
Work is also ongoing led by West Yorkshire combined authority, which is one of our trailblazers.
It is stepping up to help everybody who needs help getting into work, whether or not they are on universal credit.
Recently, Kirklees college, in partnership with Flannery Plant Hire and Kirklees council, officially launched the Kirklees operator skills hub to meet local skills demand in the construction industry.
The hub, which is the fifth of its kind in the country, is a mobile unit with two virtual-reality plant machinery simulators and classroom facilities for skills bootcamps, and will open many doors for young people in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that such initiatives will help many young people into work, and help us to bring about the growth that we need in our economy?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
As we have said in response to a number of questions, our ministerial team know that this Government are about building the homes that we need and ensuring that the jobs in the sector go to people who will really benefit from a career in construction, and I congratulate Kirklees college and all those involved in that pioneering work.
Last week I visited the UK Construction Week conference, where George Clarke talked about the fantastic opportunities in construction and the great building businesses.
I say well done to everyone in my hon.
Friend’s constituency who is pushing this forward.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
I refer the right hon.
Member to the Secretary of State’s letter of  19 November  to the Work and Pensions Committee.
As well as means-testing the winter fuel payment, this Government launched the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign, because we want all pensioners to receive the support to which they are entitled.
The result has been almost 50,000 more awards than were received during the same period in the preceding year.
The Government did indeed launch a campaign to increase the number of pension credit applications, but sadly there was also a surge—an increase of 133%—in the number of claims that were not allowed, and more than 100,000 awards were not made.
For many pensioners, including a number in my constituency, the winter fuel payment was a lifeline—indeed, many need their heating to be turned on throughout the year, not just during the winter—but just because of an arbitrary threshold they now receive nothing at all, and they are losing out.
Will the Government look at this again, given the impact and the risk of pushing more pensioners into poverty?
I can tell the right hon.
Member about pensioner poverty.
It halved under the last Labour Government and it rose on the Conservatives’ watch, by 200,000.
Yes, we have had to make some difficult choices, but it is because of those difficult choices that we can  afford a £31 billion annual increase in the state pension over the current Parliament and an extra £26 billion a year for the NHS.
None of those choices would the Conservatives back, which is why the NHS and the state pension would be endangered on their watch.
In my 10 years as a Member of Parliament, I have run consistent campaigns throughout my constituency to raise awareness of pension credit and encourage hundreds of people to sign up to it, but I know that many of my constituents are just above the threshold and by no means well off.
What assessment will the Government make of those who are not eligible for pension credit but will still face fuel poverty next winter?
I am grateful for the work that has been done by councils and third sector organisations throughout the United Kingdom to drive uptake of pension credit.
That work has led to the 50,000 extra awards that I mentioned earlier.
The choices we have made mean that we can protect pensioners across the board, and the 4.1% increase in the state pension in April was possible exactly because of the tough choices that we have had to make.
Stockport council was one of the first local authorities to roll out the warm spaces programme that was used by third sector groups to support people in need during the winter months.
Will the Government commit themselves to helping authorities roll such programmes out earlier, in the face of the winter fuel cuts and rising energy prices?
I am grateful for the work of local authorities, including mine in Swansea, to provide places for pensioners and, in fact, members of all age groups to go to if they are in need during the winter.
The most important action we can take is tackling directly the cause of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman has raised by bringing down energy bills in the years ahead, moving away from the system that the Conservatives left us—which is dependent on the price of gas driven by the action of dictators such as Putin—and continuing to raise the state pension faster than inflation over the current Parliament, which is why the new state pension is set to increase by £1,900 by the end of this Parliament.
This morning, the Work and Pensions Committee was at the Welsh Assembly, where we heard from Wales’s Older People’s Commissioner as part of our pensioner poverty review.
I was impressed that Wales has a role with real legal clout.
From what we heard, it is making a difference for older people in Wales.
Do Ministers agree that we should at least look at extending that to England and Scotland?
We should always learn lessons from Wales.
In fact, this Government are already doing that.
The roll-out of free breakfast clubs, which is happening across England at the moment, was pioneered in Wales.
Children are receiving a free breakfast because of the work done in Wales.
I praise my hon.
Friend and the entire Work and Pensions Committee for the work that it is doing as part of its inquiry into pensioner poverty.
I will be coming to give evidence to the Committee shortly, and I know that its members have been listening not just in Wales but more widely, with events in Glasgow and Manchester as well.