Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Some of the most vulnerable people in my Camborne, Redruth and Hayle constituency have profound anxieties about what the changes to personal independence payment eligibility criteria will mean for them.
What steps is the Minister taking to communicate to people who will never be able to work again that the new process will not subject them to unnecessary and degrading assessments?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I recognise that there is a good deal of concern at the moment, and we want to ensure that people respond fully to our consultation set out in the Green Paper.
We have said clearly in the Green Paper that we will ensure that those who will never be able to work will not go through repeated reassessments.
That will be built into the system.
Initially, the people who will benefit from that will be those who meet the work capability assessment’s severe conditions criteria.
Today is World ME Day, and I hope that the Secretary of State and her Ministers will recognise the up to 1.3 million people who live with ME and ME-like symptoms, and some of those with long covid.
All they want is to have a normal life.
I recognise what she has said about making PIP work for fluctuating conditions.
Can I ask her to work with her colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to put aside research funding, so that money is available to ensure that those who would love nothing more than to live a normal life and go to work can get better?
I will certainly discuss that with the Health Secretary.
We have a joint work and health programme and team, who are really trying to join these two issues up.
The hon.
Member for Wells and Mendip Hills (Tessa Munt)  has made her point very strongly in the House, and I am sure that she will do so again at Health and Social Care questions.
The Middlesbrough Disabled Supporters Association does vital work to support disabled Boro fans, but it is currently being hammered by increased bank charges.
Will the Minister for Disability work across Government to help take these banks to task so that non-profit disability groups such as the MDSA can continue their important work?
I am aware that there are concerns along those lines across the charity sector as a whole.
I would be delighted to work with my hon.
Friend to address the concerns in Middlesbrough specifically.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the failure of the prison estate to protect staff from serious and sustained violence by high-risk inmates.