The rules and regulations that apply to employment, education or training in the Makerfield constituency should apply across this great United Kingdom.
Many of those in the construction sector that the Minister referred to, whether they are builders, carpenters, plumbers, plasterers or electricians, come from my constituency of Strangford across to London, so it is important that people in my constituency and across Northern Ireland get the same opportunities through the colleges.
Will the Minister ensure that discussions take place with Northern Ireland so that my constituency can continue to supply the people who build houses here in London?
I pay tribute to all those from the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency who have been part of building our whole country.
We work very closely with  the devolved Administrations across the United Kingdom to ensure that, as the Secretary of State laid out, chances and opportunities are there for everybody.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman as we move forward through our change programme.
What steps she is taking to help support young people not in education, employment or training.
Our new changed jobcentres will serve the whole of Great Britain.
The changes that we are bringing forward will mean more personalised help for everyone, but especially young people.
Frontline work coaches who help young people need better technology and more time to help them find the best opportunities.
The goal of our changes is to better serve employers and young people.
In the pandemic, young people were among the least at risk, but they gave up so much of their lives to protect those who were at risk.
No generation has made such a sacrifice for another since the war, but they have been badly let down: across the UK, one in eight are not in employment, education or training, and it is worse in Scotland, where the figure is one in six young Scots.
What steps is the Minister taking to mitigate the inaction of the SNP Scottish Government and build a better future for young Scots?
As I just mentioned, our new jobcentres will create a universal service across Great Britain.
We must make those changes to serve young people.
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about the pandemic generation, who deserve much better from us all.
I know that his city of Edinburgh is full of chances and opportunities that we cannot let go to waste.
Given the role of Edinburgh and Glasgow in our visitor economy, I am sure that he will be interested in the work we are doing with UKHospitality to help more young people to have an opportunity in that great sector.
Struggling to make ends meet, paying bills, buying work appropriate clothing and paying for public transport all affect someone’s ability to get and keep a job.
That is just as true for under-25s as it is for anybody else, but the Government continue to maintain a lower rate of universal credit for young people when there is no guarantee that they have financial support from their families.
In looking at universal credit, will the Government consider that?
As the hon.
Member will know, we are reviewing universal credit.
I am particularly focused on ensuring that young people have a chance before they reach the age of 25.
If they are out of work in those first years after leaving school or college, it is absolutely devastating for the rest of their careers.
That is why we are making these changes.
Over the weekend I was shocked, but not surprised, to see the new statistics for young people in Thanet who are not in education, employment or training—having hit 11.6%, the figure is the highest in the south-east.
Some 3% of young people in Thanet also experience support for special educational needs.
Although I am not suggesting that correlation equals causation, can the Minister explain how denying access to the health-related element of universal credit will help those young people into work?
The House will know that we have consultations in a number of policy areas relating to my hon.
Friend’s question.
As I have said, in the end, young people need an opportunity at the start.
In places like Thanet, where there are significant poverty and challenges but great opportunity, I want to ensure that we serve employers, and the young people who need them, much better.
Employers in my constituency tell me that they are less likely to employ young people as a result of the Employment Rights Bill because of the increased risk of employing someone at the start of their career.
What representations has the Minister made to her colleagues to ensure that the most damaging parts of that legislation are softened?
The House may know that, on coming into office, the Secretary of State and I totally changed the way the Department for Work and Pensions approaches employers.
We want to serve them much better, and we have given them a single point of contact.
Having met many businesses over the past six or seven months, my experience has been that they have vacancies and want us to help fill them.
We will do that so that we can serve employers and young people alike.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the accuracy of personal independence payment assessments.
The Department is committed to ensuring that individuals receive high-quality and accurate assessments.
Assessment suppliers are closely monitored using a range of performance measures designed to improve the accuracy of their advice.
Independent audits are conducted to maintain high standards, and as part of our pathways to work proposals we are considering recording assessments as standard to increase transparency and build trust in the system.
Data shared with me by Dermot Devlin from Disabled People Against Cuts shows that £50 million has been spent on PIP appeals in the past year alone, and also that His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service has reported that over 70% of those PIP appeals have been successful.
When people are put through the harrowing process of being told that their PIP appeal is not appropriate and having to go through the entire appeal system, what are Ministers doing to ensure that any changes make that system friendly to those using it?
I would be very happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about the assessment process and the mandatory reconsideration process, but I would also say to him that I do not recognise those statistics.
Indeed, under the current statistics, appeals are down by 16% on the previous year to January 2025.
The other point that I would make to him is that while around 20% of applications are subject to a mandatory reconsideration, only around 5% of those are successful.
The Centre for Inclusive Living in Dudley, which supports those with disabilities, and many residents have written to me to raise concerns about the PIP entitlement criteria and assessment.
What reassurances can my hon.
Friend give that this Government will protect those most vulnerable in society and that those with disabilities will be enabled, not disabled?