Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the distinguished career of President ReBecca (Becky) Koenig Roloff on the occasion of her retirement from St. Catherine University in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Since 2016, President Roloff has served as the 11th president of the university, which is affectionately known as St. Kate's by students and alumni, which includes both her and me.
During her eight years of distinguished leadership at St. Kate's, one of the nation's largest private women's universities, President Roloff has made a lasting impact by reaffirming the university's accreditation through the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association campuses into one unified campus in Saint Paul and completed numerous infrastructure improvements across campus.
In 2022, it was a privilege to partner with her and the university to provide critical federal funding for technology and equipment upgrades for Mendel Hall to enhance student learning and research opportunities for women undergraduate students in STEM fields.
She also successfully recruited a diverse senior leadership team and led the development of a new 10year strategic plan that has grown enrollment and strengthened its financial position.
Prior to returning to her alma mater as president, Roloff distinguished herself in the business world as a senior vice president at American Express Financial Advisors, held leadership positions at Pillsbury Company, and was a grain merchant for Cargill.
She has served on the boards of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc., the Minneapolis Downtown Council Executive Committee, and Allina Health.
The commitment to social justice and community service that was instilled in Becky as a student at St. Kate's led her to serve in leadership of an organization with a social mission, becoming Chief Executive Officer of the Minneapolis YWCA from 2005 to 2016.
During this time, the organization became the largest non-profit provider of high-quality, nationally accredited early childhood education in Minnesota.
Upon the conclusion of her tenure, the board chair wrote: ''YWCA Minneapolis is tremendously grateful to Becky for her leadership over the last 11 years.
She leaves a legacy of community impact, and a resilient, strong organization.''
In addition to earning her bachelor's degree from St. Kate's, where she graduated cum laude in 1976, Becky went on to earn a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1982.
Throughout her academic life and career, Becky has exemplified the St. Kate's values of liberal arts education and its emphasis on intellectual curiosity and social justice.
while working to empower women and make a difference in the world.
As an alumna and as a Member of Congress, I celebrate her impressive career and wish to express my gratitude to Becky for her immeasurable contributions to St. Kate's.