From 1989 to 2019, John Sterling did not miss a day of work, announcing a Ripken-esque 5,060 consecutive Yankee games.
He announced every game Hall of Famer Derek Jeter ever played in.
One-quarter of all games in the Yankees' storied history.
Sterling's incredible longevity and consistency are integral parts of his broadcasting brilliance.
John Sterling's voice is one of the most memorable in the Big Leagues.
His passion and love of the game of baseball could be heard in each game he announced.
After a big Yankee strike out, run batted in, or play in the field, you could always expect to hear the contagious exhilaration in his voice.
His announcement ``Theeeeeeeee Yankees Win!'' was a signature to decades of triumphs.
John Sterling will also be remembered for the unique home run call he devised for every Yankee player.
From ``Bernie goes Boom?''
and ``It's an A-Bomb for A-Rod!''
to ``It's a Thrilla from Godzilla!''
and ``Robbie Cano, Don'tcha Know!''
John never lacked creativity.
To any Yankee fan among America's millions, it was always exciting to hear John's first home run call for a new free agent acquisition.
He never disappointed.
When you think of the Yankees, the first word that comes to mind is greatness.
Twenty-seven World Series Championships.
Forty American League pennants.
The home of Babe Ruth, Mickey Mantle, Lou Gehrig, Yogi Berra, Joe DiMaggio, and Mariano Rivera.
From 1996 to 2001, the Yankees had one of the most impressive stretches in Major League Baseball history, winning four world championships over the span of only five years.
John Sterling was right there for this stretch, announcing their playoff games and World Series championships.
A legendary franchise needed a legendary announcer like John Sterling.
New York sports fans have been fortunate to listen to games announced by some of the greatest broadcasters ever.
Mel Allen.
Red Barber.
Vin Scully.
John Sterling joins that list.
John Sterling will be remembered as one of the best sports broadcasters in history.
The House sends its congratulations to John Sterling on a historic career and its warmest wishes for his retirement.
May God Bless John Sterling.
And God Bless America.