Over the last four years, its

Back to School Fair has served over 1,500 children and 3,000 families.
Children from preschool through high school receiving backpacks filled

with all the tools necessary to be prepared on the first day of school

and adults and parents in attendance are connected with a network of

health and human services resources from around the city.
The Beulah

Heights Social Integration Program provides outreach to individuals who

have experienced substance abuse, dependence and incarceration--

equipping them with essential resources to help them obtain employment,

housing, and mental health support.
And the T.L. Brooks Ministries

utilizes new technologies to make the preached word available for the

masses on CD and DVD.
Today, while Bishop Brooks remains an active participant in both the

Church and its many ministries, his son, Elder Harold Brooks leads

Beulah Heights First Pentecostal Church, while his other son, Darrell

Brooks serves as the Chief Operating Officer for Beulah Land

Development--representing a third generation of invaluable service to

our community.
The Beulah Heights First Pentecostal Church has not only been a

center for religious worship, but a vehicle through which their members

could give back to the community.
For the last century, the Beulah

Heights First Pentecostal Church has been a fixture in our community,

their ministry and outreach efforts leaving an indelible mark on our

community.
The Beulah Heights First Pentecostal Church gives its

members a place to find their spiritual center and to solidify and

support their values--a beacon of light and hope for their members and

the community.
I am proud to stand today and extend my very best wishes

to them as they mark this milestone in their history.
Happy 100th

Anniversary and as we say in Italian, C'ent Anni.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO FREDDY GARRIDO

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, FMC Fort Worth Warden, Freddy Garrido.
Warden Garrido

has spent almost 30 years in the Bureau of Prisons and is retiring on

October 31, 2023.
During his impressive career, Warden Freddy Garrido

has served selflessly to promote responsibility and lifelong skills for

those incarcerated.
Through his passion for service, Warden Garrido has

used his role to give an underserved community hope and a second

chance.
Warden Garrido served at various duty stations including, FDC

Oakdale, FCI Forrest City, FCC Butner, FMC Lexington, FCC Florence, FCC

Victorville, and FCC Beaumont before moving to North Texas at a

critical time to provide leadership and direction at FMC Fort Worth.
Those who work closely with him say that his attitude and leadership

style make them more empathetic and compassionate in fulfilling their

own duties.
During his time at FMC Fort Worth, Warden Garrido has made

leadership development and training a priority.
By establishing

vocational programs, like a ``second chance cafe'' and HVAC program,

the incarcerated have the opportunity to learn valuable life skills to

equip them upon their release into society.
I want to congratulate

Warden Garrido on his retirement and thank him for his outstanding

career of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF THE REVEREND JUAN MARTINEZ

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today

to join the New Haven community in mourning the loss of the Reverend

Juan Martinez.
At the age of 94, Reverend Martinez lived a full life,

full of family, faith, and service to our community.
His legacy of

advocacy and religious leadership has left an indelible mark and will

serve as an inspiration to many for generations to come.
Born in Puerto Rico, Reverend Martinez came to New Haven more than

six decades ago, eventually making a home in West Haven where he has

lived for more than fifty years.