Title: CONGRATULATING SENIOR PASTOR CHUL LEE ON HIS RETIREMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
183

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SENIOR PASTOR CHUL LEE ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Senior Pastor Chul

Lee for his service with the Dallas Central Methodist Church and to

congratulate him on his retirement.
Pastor Lee's exceptional leadership at the Dallas Central Methodist

Church has brought about remarkable initiatives that have made a

significant impact on our community.
One of the standout achievements

during his tenure has been the church's dedication to providing

scholarships to various segments of our community.
Over the past 15

years, these scholarships have totaled an impressive $500.000, making

it possible for numerous young individuals to pursue their educational

aspirations.
These segments include students attending university from

the Irving Police Department, students from the firefighting community,

and students from Irving Senior High School who are seeking higher

education.
Pastor Sung Chul Lee's unwavering commitment to our community's

welfare serves as a testament to his profound dedication to the well-

being of our citizens and his faith.
Through his leadership and the

contributions of the Dallas Central Methodist Church, they have greatly

improved the lives of numerous Irving residents.
It is my honor to

congratulate Senior Pastor Sung Chul Lee on his successful career and

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BEULAH HEIGHTS FIRST PENTECOSTAL CHURCH ON THE CELEBRATION OF

THEIR CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to

join the congregation of the Beulah Heights First Pentecostal Church of

New Haven, Connecticut in extending my heartfelt congratulations on the

celebration of their 100th Anniversary.
Throughout its history, the

Church and its congregation have demonstrated a unique commitment to

serve the community and ensure that the most vulnerable of our citizens

could find comfort and resources in their time of need.
Originally named Beulah Heights Mission, the ministry was founded in

a converted storefront on Poplar Street in New Haven during the summer

of 1923 under the leadership of the late Elder Walter and Rosa B.

Andrews.
While their initial membership was modest, just twelve, over

the next several decades, under the leadership of Elder Andrews, Mother

Andrews, and then Elder Lambert Tolbert, the ministry saw steady

growth.
In 1943, the Elder George H. Brooks succeeded Elder Tolbert and

in 1950 was installed as Pastor of Beulah Heights Church.
The installation of Pastor George Brooks at Beulah Heights Church

also marked the beginning of what would be an expansion of the Church's

work in the community and generational leadership at Beulah Heights.
After serving as junior pastor under his father, Elder Theodore L.

Brooks, Sr.
was installed as the church's fifth pastor in 1988.
It was the vision and leadership of Bishop Brooks that Beulah Heights

became a pillar in the Greater New Haven community.
The first outreach

ministry under this new administration was the Beulah Land Development

Corporation, launching what still today is an ongoing renaissance in

New Haven's Dixwell community.
The organization's mission focused on

transforming severely blighted properties into safe, revitalized

affordable homes for working families.
Over the last four years, its

Back to School Fair has served over 1,500 children and 3,000 families.
Children from preschool through high school receiving backpacks filled

with all the tools necessary to be prepared on the first day of school

and adults and parents in attendance are connected with a network of

health and human services resources from around the city.
The Beulah

Heights Social Integration Program provides outreach to individuals who

have experienced substance abuse, dependence and incarceration--

equipping them with essential resources to help them obtain employment,

housing, and mental health support.