From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES THEODORE HERFURTH

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Misissippi Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

life of James ``Jim'' Theodore Herfurth, who passed away peacefully in

his home November 1, 2023, in Osage Beach, Missouri

Jim was born on July 21, 1937, to parents Theodore and Mathilda

Herfurth in Eldon, Missouri.
He attended Eldon High School where he

played forward for the Mustangs Basketball team.
The team ultimately

won the State Championship in 1954, and Jim graduated in 1955.
He

continued his education at the University of Missouri, graduating in

1959 with a BS degree in banking and finance, and commissioning as a

second lieutenant in the United States Army Artillery.
He was stationed

at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where he served as a Finance Officer and as

adjutant for the Target Artillery Department.
His passion for his

country led him to extend his original tour for an additional year due

to the Berlin Crises.
After leaving active duty, Jim began his finance career with IBM in

Kansas City, Missouri.
In 1964, he began his 35-year banking career

with Central Trust Bank in Jefferson City, Missouri while

simultaneously joining the 420th Civil Affairs National Guard Reserve

Unit.
During his career with the Central Bank organization, Jim rose

through the operations and loans divisions, as well as the ranks of the

Missouri National Guard, until Central Bancompany's acquisition of Bank

of Lake of the Ozarks in 1987.
Jim was then named President and CEO of

the newly named Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks, and he earned his

rank of Colonel in the Missouri National Guard.
Passionate about his community, Jim left a mark wherever he lived.
His commitment to his community was evidenced through his involvement

in the new construction of roads and bridges, economic development

through Central Bank, public schools, YMCA, hospitals, and the Dogwood

Animal Shelter.
He had a strong sense of community and worked hard to

make his home a better place for everyone.
Although a busy man, Jim still found time to enjoy his hobbies.
He

loved to play golf, spending an equal amount of time playing as he did

trying to convince his grandchildren to play.
When he wasn't golfing,

Jim was snow skiing, visiting Palm Springs, or visiting he and his

wife's friends in Tucson, Arizona.
Left to cherish his memory is his wife Marjorie M. Herfurth, his two

children from his marriage in 1961 to Barbara A. Silvers: daughter,

Kimberly Herfurth Ayscue of Franklinton, North Carolina; son, J.

Matthew Herfurth and his wife Jeane Herfurth of Madison, Mississippi;

his four grandchildren Michael and Andrew Boyleir; daughter, Grace, of

Monet, Missouri.
He was preceded in death by his sister, Barbara

Herfurth Moffitt.
Jim's life was one of service, grace, and love for his family and

community.
He will be deeply missed by all whom he encountered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
578, H. Res.
798, and YEA on Roll Call No.
577, H.R.

6126.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BOSQ RESTAURANT'S MICHELIN STAR

HON.
LAUREN BOEBERT

Ms. BOEBERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Bosq, an

exceptional restaurant in Aspen, Colorado, for being awarded the

coveted Michelin star.
This honor puts Bosq among the finest

restaurants not only in Colorado, but in the entire world.
Bosq joins

the ranks of just over 200 restaurants in America to have this great

honor.
The Michelin star represents years of hard work, dedication, and an

unwavering commitment to culinary excellence.
Michelin stars are a

hallmark of fine dining and coveted honor by many of the world's top

chefs and restaurant patrons.