Bosq joins

the ranks of just over 200 restaurants in America to have this great

honor.
The Michelin star represents years of hard work, dedication, and an

unwavering commitment to culinary excellence.
Michelin stars are a

hallmark of fine dining and coveted honor by many of the world's top

chefs and restaurant patrons.
Not easy to obtain, the stars are awarded

to restaurants that are the absolute best in a given city.
Restaurants

gain immense prestige and exposure as a result of this honor.
An Aspen native, Barclay Dodge and his wife Molly have created a

dining experience that is nothing short of exceptional.
Bosq offers

four, five and nine course menus.
Bosq is the only restaurant in

Colorado's Third Congressional District to earn the Michelin star.
Bosq is set apart not only by its exceptional cuisine but its

commitment to our Colorado community.
The restaurant collaborates with

local farmers and ranchers to ensure that the food is as fresh as it is

delicious.
They embody the very best of Colorado excellence and have

brought a world-class dining experience to Colorado's Third

Congressional District.
Bosq is a beacon of what can be achieved when talent, dedication, and

love for one's community come together, and I am incredibly proud to

represent this outstanding establishment.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my

colleagues to join me in congratulating Bosq for being awarded the

Michelin star and redefining culinary excellence in Colorado's Third

Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
MARIA GAMBOA

HON.
MATT GAETZ

Mr. GAETZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Maria Gamboa,

an English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) Interpreter in the

Okaloosa County School District.
As an employee with more than 25 years

of service, Ms. Gamboa worked in Exceptional Student Education (ESE) at

Crestview High School for 13 years before spending the past 14 years as

an ESOL Interpreter at Pryor Middle School and now Choctawhatchee High

School.
At Choctaw, Ms. Gamboa offers academic support both in the classroom

and in the afterschool tutoring program.
She provides the right level

school and taking advantage of the opportunities which lead to

graduation.
Ms. Gamboa has also assisted in implementing a monthly

English Language Learners (ELL) Parent Information Night to better

inform families about high school life.
Furthermore, she assisted in

creating a weekly language acquisition class for any ELL family that

wants to strengthen their English skills.
According to her principal, Michelle Heck, Ms. Gamboa has ``earned

the respect, admiration, and love of our Choctaw staff because of her

kind-hearted self, always making time to lend an ear to any and all who

need someone to listen, bountiful amounts of patience and her endless

generosity to our students, parents, and staff members alike.''
Ms. Gamboa is a mother to five Okaloosa County School graduates, all

of whom have received college scholarships.
She is a firm believer that

every family deserves the opportunity to be equipped with the necessary

resources to help their child succeed in their

academic life.
She expressed her gratitude, saying, ``I am very blessed

to be able to help Spanish speaking parents and students be successful

in school.''
I, along with all of Northwest Florida, thank Ms. Gamboa

for her hard work and dedication to her students and this community.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am

privileged to recognize Ms. Gamboa for her contributions to Northwest

Florida.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NORMAN G. SANBORN

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the life and legacy

of Norman G. Sanborn, a World War II veteran and active volunteer who

was a friend to many in New Hampshire.
A native Granite Stater, Norman

lived a life of service from his time in uniform through the last

several decades as an advocate for his fellow veterans.