The farmers and producers in Alabama's Second Congressional

District have created a remarkable legacy of feeding and supporting

citizens across the great state of Alabama and the Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WENDY PATE'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF TRENTON

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wendy Pate, City

Councilwoman for the City of Trenton, on the occasion of her

retirement.
The dedication and love that she has shown to her community

during her tenure is worthy of commendation.
Wendy is a lifelong Downriver resident, and she and her husband,

Carl, have lived in Trenton for the last 19 years.
Together they have

two children, Daphne and Carl III.
Her family has been volunteering in

community activities for years, including working with the local Boy

Scouts and events put on by the Trenton Business Association, the

Trenton Educational Foundation, and the local Student Council.
Wendy is

a retired high school math teacher and MEA-retired member.
She served

as MEA-RA, class congress sponsor, and staff morale committee chair.
Wendy was elected to the Trenton City Council in 2019.
She was a

member of the City Beautiful Commission and is a member of the Trail

Town Advisory Committee.
She also co-founded a community action group,

the DCC Coal Grant Riverfront Community Group, whose mission is to

support the Trenton Coast Resiliency Master Plan and engage residents

to support sustainable uses for Trenton's waterfront and revitalize

their downtown.
Wendy also spearheaded the project to paint murals on

West Jefferson Ave in order to beautify a main intersection in Trenton

as well as celebrate their 2021 designation as a Pure Michigan Trail

Town.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing

Councilwoman Wendy Pate for all that she has done for the City of

Trenton.
Both in her position on the city council and in her private

life, Wendy has worked tirelessly to make Trenton and the Downriver

area healthier and more sustainable for future generations.
I thank

Wendy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, November 7, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 8

9 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine the President's supplemental

request for the Departments of Health and Human

Services and Homeland Security.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the philosophy of AI,

focusing on learning from history and shaping our

future.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine fairness and fiscal

responsibility.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine accessing clean water

infrastructure assistance, focusing on small, rural,

disadvantaged and underserved communities.
Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled

``Better Mental Health Care, Lower-Cost Drugs, and

Extenders Act''.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine U.S. national security

interests in Ukraine.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine policy considerations for

Artificial Intelligence in health care.