Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled

``Better Mental Health Care, Lower-Cost Drugs, and

Extenders Act''.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine U.S. national security

interests in Ukraine.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine policy considerations for

Artificial Intelligence in health care.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine fentanyl in

Native communities, focusing on Native perspectives on

addressing the growing crisis.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine reforming the Patent Trial

and Appeal Board, focusing on the PREVAIL Act and

proposals to promote U.S. innovation leadership.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
NOVEMBER 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Aviation Safety, Operations, and Innovation

To hold hearings to examine addressing close calls to

improve aviation safety.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the implementation of federal

coal mine land reclamation and abandoned coal mine land

economic revitalization programs.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine how the tax code affects

high-income individuals and tax planning strategies.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider an authorization for

subpoenas relating to the Supreme Court ethics

investigation, and the nominations of Mustafa Taher

Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Oregon, and Eumi K. Lee, to be United

States District Judge for the Northern District of

California.
NOVEMBER 14

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities

to facilitate wildlife movement and improve migration

corridors.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine Federal COVID-era spending

and preventing future fraud.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

Business meeting to consider S. Res.
444, providing for

the en bloc consideration of military nominations.