CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the life and legacy

of Norman G. Sanborn, a World War II veteran and active volunteer who

was a friend to many in New Hampshire.
A native Granite Stater, Norman

lived a life of service from his time in uniform through the last

several decades as an advocate for his fellow veterans.
Today I want to

recognize Norman's clear commitment to his community and his country,

and extend my sincere condolences to his family, friends, and large

network of loved ones.
Born and raised in Rochester, Norman spent his life in service to our

state and nation.
In 1945, at the age of 16, Norman left high school to

join the Merchant Marines, sailing through dangerous waters on cleanup

missions as the War came to a close.
Upon returning to New Hampshire,

Norman met his wife Ruth and together they raised their three children.
For many years Norman was an effective and experienced car salesman,

working at a number of dealerships in the region.
In his retirement

Norman became an advocate for veterans, spending his days educating

school children on World War II, visiting veterans in local nursing

homes, and hosting his very own television broadcast interviewing

fellow servicemembers.
As a member of many fraternal and veteran

organizations, including the American Legion and the Knights of

Columbus, Norman deepened his community ties, cultivating lasting

relationships with his neighbors.
While we can never fully repay our

debt of gratitude to Norman, we recognize his commitment to service and

immeasurable impact on our state.
Today as we remember Noman's life, we celebrate his commitment to

supporting those around him.
I commend Norman for his deep sense of

duty to our state and country, and I want to once more offer my sincere

condolences to his family and loved ones.
I enjoyed our conversations

and his sense of humor every time I would visit the New Hampshire

Veterans Home in Tilton.
Norman's compassion and purpose for which he

served, to better the lives of those around him, is an inspiration to

all who knew him.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's

First Congressional District, I thank Norman for his unwavering sense

of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2023 FARM AND LAND EXPOSITION

HON.
BARRY MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize constituents

of Alabama's Second Congressional District and their participation in

the 2023 Farm and Land Exposition hosted in Mobile, Alabama on August

10-13, 2023 by the Alabama Farmers Federation.
My constituents, Daniel Free of Elmore County, Sarah Temple of

Houston County,

Gracie Woodall of Houston County, and Caleb Connor of Montgomery

County, participated in the discussion meet competition.
Will Kirkland

Excellence in Agriculture competition.
While remaining good stewards of their land, these folks have also

been gracious neighbors by extending their knowledge and expertise to

others.
The evident dedication to agricultural production by these

young producers and families makes me hopeful for the industry's

future.
These young farmers have embodied exactly what it means to have a

servant's heart while taking care of their land and their communities.
1 Peter 4:10 says, ``As every man hath received the gift, even so

minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold

grace of God.''
The Second Congressional District of Alabama is

fortunate to have outstanding individuals like them.
I would like to recognize these young producers for their

participation in this year's young farmer competitions and their

dedication to production agriculture in Alabama's Second Congressional

District.
The farmers and producers in Alabama's Second Congressional

District have created a remarkable legacy of feeding and supporting

citizens across the great state of Alabama and the Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WENDY PATE'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF TRENTON

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.