requirements of the Military Assistance Command and the Central Intelligence Agency in the operating areas of Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia.
These integrated aircrews flew out of Tan Son Nhut, Nha Trang, Pleiku, Phu Cat, and Da Nang Air Bases in the Republic of Vietnam, as well as Nakhon Phanom and Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Bases in Thailand, from 1966 to 1974.
The 6994th Security Squadron was primarily composed of enlisted logistical and maintenance personnel, intelligence analysts, Morse intercept operators, and cryptologic linguist mission specialists.
These professionals maintained and operated state-of-the-art airborne radio direction finding (ARDF) equipment aboard the EC-47 aircraft, used to detect, identify, and geolocate low-powered enemy transmitters on the battlefield.
They also collected critical signals and communications intelligence about enemy plans and movements.
Working closely with the aircraft navigator, the mission specialists were able to geolocate enemy radio transmitters, often within a 200meter radius, and determine the identity of enemy units.
When priority targets were detected and confirmed, their locations and identifications were relayed to ground commanders for decisive action.
During its tenure in Vietnam, the 6994th earned five Air Force.
Outstanding Unit Awards with Valor, two Presidential Unit Citations, and the Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm Device.
It remains the most highly decorated squadron in the command from its origins in the United States Air Force Security Service to its current configuration as the 16th Air Force.
Their success came at a high cost; 17 members of the squadron were killed in action during the conflict.
The 360th, 361st, and 362nd Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadrons were co-located with their 6994th counterparts and provided the pilots, navigators, and maintenance personnel necessary to operate and sustain the EC-47 aircraft.
In flight, pilots controlled the aircraft while navigators coordinated with enlisted mission specialists to take electronic lines of bearing on specific enemy radio transmissions.
These lines were then plotted on maps to pinpoint the exact location of enemy transmitters.
Like the 6994th, the Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadrons also endured significant sacrifice, losing 19 members during the war.
As integrated teams, these squadrons provided battlefield intelligence that was vital for ground commanders to plan offensive and defensive operations.
It has been reported that, thanks to intelligence provided by the ARDF program, many attacks on friendly forces were mitigated, and up to 95 percent of B-52 strikes during the Vietnam conflict were influenced by data collected through the program.
Even today, much of the work and results of the Airborne Radio Direction Finding program in Vietnam remain classified.
Nonetheless, their impact on the success of the war effort and the broader mission is undeniable.
Today, we honor the professionalism, dedication, and courage of the airmen of the 6994th Security Squadron and the 360th, 361st, and 362nd Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadrons, whose work in executing the Airborne Radio Direction Finding program provided critical intelligence to ground commanders during the conflict in Southeast Asia.
May the legacy of their service and sacrifice be remembered and honored forever.