The definition of “terminal illness” is a disease that can reasonably be expected to bring an end to somebody’s life within six months.
The Department for Work and Pensions used that definition for calculating benefits, but in the Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act 2022, that six months was extended to 12 months.
It therefore seems logical to change the definition of “terminally ill” applied by the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, so that it is consistent with the definition that is applied when considering social security payments.
The Bill seeks to make that extension from six to 12 months.
It is hard to know how many people would benefit from this legislation.
I suppose, paradoxically, we do not want people to benefit from it, because that would mean that the sponsors of their pension fund had become insolvent, which we do not want to happen.
However, the Bill will help terminally ill people where that is the case.
While the Bill’s scope is technically limited to the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, I hope that my bringing it forward will encourage any workplace pension scheme that does not have provision for members with a terminal illness who have a life expectancy of 12 months or less to consider putting that in place.
Many private pension schemes can already make what are called serious ill health payments under tax law to a member who has up to a year to live.
That would be a change well worth making.
My hon.
Friend has made another interesting point.
He says that the Pension Protection Fund is there for when a pension fund fails, and that the Bill may be an incentive for viable pension funds that do not already use a 12-month period to do so, and to  mirror what the Pension Protection Fund does.
Will he, or perhaps the Minister, tell me whether there is an understanding of how many pension funds have a 12-month provision?
Will the Bill increase that in viable pension funds?
I grateful to my hon.
Friend for making a good point.
I do not have those figures, and I do not necessarily expect the Minister to have them to hand, but we should look into that, and try to take that point forward.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech that I am sure most of us will have no difficulty agreeing with.
In the lead-up to the Bill’s introduction, has he spoken to charities and other organisations about what impact extending the period from six to 12 months will have on people’s real lives, and on their families and friends?