My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech.
She mentioned  the hon.
Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) .
His support shows the cross-party support for looking at how a majority of our young people are wrongly criminalised and locked behind bars, and their lives thrown away.
Does she agree that this Bill is important, and that we should take the criminalisation of young people away from party politics?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend’s point about the criminalisation of our young black people.
We need cross-party consensus.
Lastly, I thank my A-team, Becky and Charley, who have been truly amazing.
Before I begin my arguments, I recognise that this is an incredibly difficult and sensitive topic, because behind each joint enterprise case there are victims of crime and their families, many of whom have lost loved ones in situations that most of us find difficult to comprehend.
Behind each joint enterprise miscarriage of justice there are people—loved ones, whole families—whose lives have been torn apart by an unjust lifelong sentence where someone has been wrongly punished for the crime of another.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent contribution about a very important Bill.
Does she agree that many of the predominantly young people ensnared by joint enterprise come from inner-city black communities?
Their families are devastated and often lack the media and political connections to mount an urgent and rapid legal case or campaign, so these young people end up spending several years in prison for an offence they did not commit.
Their lives are subsequently damaged severely.
This Bill is very necessary.
The injustice has gone on for a very long time.
I agree that the Bill will look at righting those wrongs and challenging those miscarriages of justice.
Can the hon.
Lady confirm whether the leader of her party supports the Bill?
I can confirm that the party will be looking at this Bill when we are in power and when we get rid of—well, when we are in power.
It is possible both to uphold the law by providing powers to prosecute those who play a significant role in a crime and to prevent innocent people from going to jail.
There is cross-party consensus that things need to change and that it is now up to Parliament to act.
That is what this Bill seeks to do—no more, no less.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the campaign on joint enterprise is not about guilty people getting off, but about having a justice system that works for everyone?
The Chair of the Justice Committee and I co-chair the all-party parliamentary group on miscarriages of justice, and we believe that this is the biggest injustice in the criminal justice system.
There is a growing feeling across the criminal justice system, including among senior judges, that the balance has to be got right.
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend, and I will cover some of those points in my speech.
I hope that the Minister will listen closely to the arguments I put forward today and fully consider this opportunity to end this injustice, which has destroyed so many lives and places undue burdens on the courts, the prison system and the taxpayer.
As the Minister will know, joint enterprise is the centuries-old legal doctrine that was intended to give powers to prosecute people who were not the primary actor but nevertheless played a role in a crime, such as a getaway driver in a bank robbery.
However, something has gone profoundly wrong in the way the law has been used for the past 40 years, as the Supreme Court recognised in the 2016 landmark case of Ameen Jogee.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech.
Research including the 2022 report from the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies has found that following the landmark 2016 Supreme Court judgment, which had been expected to lead to a reduction in these types of prosecutions and convictions, not only has there been no discernible effect, but the number of black people convicted of murder has actually risen.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is one of the reasons the Bill is needed?
My hon.
Friend makes a valid point on the consequences of the landmark case of Ameen Jogee, whose mum is in the Gallery today.
People are being given mandatory life sentences for murders that they did not commit.
Thousands have been locked up for life because they have been deemed, in effect, guilty by association.
Since that ruling very little has changed, with only one successful appeal, as is shown in the research by the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies that my hon.
Friend referred to.
I compliment my hon.
Friend on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill.
Through her good offices, I have had the opportunity to meet some of the families involved.
To describe some of the cases as egregious injustices is no understatement.
One of the appalling things I have found is the inconsistent way in which joint enterprise guilt by association has  been applied.
There are cases where one might think it would have been applied, such as in the murder of Jay Abatan in 1999.
I would like to highlight the Justice for Jay Abatan campaign, which is still fighting for justice 25 years on.