I am pleased to confirm that the Government fully support this Bill from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chelmsford.
We are exploring all possible avenues to make our attendance guidance statutory, including the use of existing powers.
That is important because we want every child to be able to achieve their potential, and attending school regularly is obviously crucial to that.
As my right hon.
Friend outlined, this Bill will improve the consistency of support available in all parts of England, first, by requiring schools of all types to have and to publicise a school attendance policy and, secondly, by introducing a new general duty on local authorities to seek to improve attendance and reduce absence in their areas.
The Bill will require schools and local authorities to have regard to statutory guidance.
In practice, that will see us revising and reissuing our “Working together to improve school attendance” guidance.
It is widely supported by schools, trusts and local authorities, and both the Education Committee and the Children’s Commissioner have already called for it to be made statutory.
The guidance was introduced in September 2022 and has already started to make a difference.
There were 380,000 fewer pupils persistently absent or not attending in 2022-23 than in 2021-22.
Overall absence for the autumn term just gone was 6.8%, which is down from 7.5% in autumn 2022.
To turn it the other way around, attendance in that term is up, year on year, from 92.5% to 93.2%.
However, while we of course welcome that improvement, there is still further to go to get to those pre-pandemic levels and better, and there are still parts of the country where families do not have access to the right support, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aylesbury (Rob Butler)  rightly identified.
It is important to legislate to end the postcode lottery so that any family can get the support they need, and doing so will give parents increased clarity and level up standards across schools and local authorities.
That is also an important part of this Government’s emphasis on a “support first” approach, meaning that schools and local authorities work together to break down the barriers that can stop a pupil attending.
To support schools and local authorities in meeting those expectations, the Government already have a comprehensive attendance strategy, and this aspect of it is only one part of a much wider whole.
We have deployed attendance advisers to support local authorities and a number of trusts.
We have created a new data tool, with 88% of state-funded schools signed up.
At the system leadership level, we have convened the attendance action alliance to work across sectors to remove barriers to attendance and reduce absence.
We have launched 32 attendance hubs, to reach more than 1 million pupils.
And we have expanded our attendance mentor pilot, as  my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  rightly mentioned, to reach 15 priority education investment areas.
Of course, much wider work is in place as well.
More children are now eligible for free school meals as a result of the protections put in place on universal credit transition; £30 million has been spent on breakfast clubs and it is targeted at where it is most needed—where it can have the most effect.
I say to the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North that that does include secondary schools as well as primary schools.
We also have in place the holiday activities and food programme.
We are increasing the pupil premium in 2024-25 to £2.9 billion.
Of course attendance is one of the great factors and important drivers in narrowing the gap between better-off and more disadvantaged pupils.
We are expanding the Supporting Families programme over this spending review period, and addressing attendance at school where there is a problem is a fundamental part of that programme.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ludlow (Philip Dunne)  mentioned the lasting effect, sadly, of the pandemic and the importance of socialisation, and he is absolutely right; we often think of the early years and the effect on the youngest children, but this is actually true throughout a child’s or young person’s development.
He particularly mentioned the year 6 to year 7 transition point, which we know is pivotal in so many ways, and a lot of schools are doing some very good work there.
My right hon.
Friend specifically asked about mental health and the possibility of an absence code.
I understand his motivation and that of others in raising that point.
Let me just say that a practicality question is involved.
At the moment someone is taking the register, it is not always practical for them to be able to say that something is one particular type of health issue or another, and there is the risk that we would have inaccurate reporting and a misunderstanding of trends as a result.
He also mentioned the wider work on mental health.
He will know that we are putting forward a grant for every state school to be able to train a senior mental health lead.
In addition, the really important wider work on mental health support teams, supporting clusters of schools, primary as well as secondary, continues to grow.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central mentioned not only the mentors programme, but the importance of extra-curricular activity and pastoral care.
That is really important and we need always to be saying that this is about not only learning and attainment, but everything else that comes with school.
Of course, I join my hon.
Friend the Member for Aylesbury in congratulating Aylesbury High School.
He was right also to ask about costs for local authorities and for us not to overburden schools.
In advance of issuing our existing guidance on attendance, we carried out the comprehensive new burdens assessment, which found that the expectations could be implemented by local authorities without additional funding if they had the average number of staff working on attendance.
We are confident that that assessment remains accurate, based on a growing body of evidence since that assessment was published.
The evidence shows that where local authorities are delivering the guidance, staffing levels have remained within those predicted levels.
But my hon.
Friend the Member for Aylesbury was also right to talk about ensuring that we do not overburden schools themselves.
I join him in paying tribute to school leaders, schoolteachers and wider staff for the extraordinary work that we have heard is going on and what they are doing to get children into school.
I absolutely agree with him that we need to ensure that we have a proportionate approach that supports the whole system—the schools, local authorities and so on—and works with people in our common endeavour to maximise the benefit that children get from their education.
This Bill, if passed, will also update our existing guidance in advance of the new school year to reflect the latest best practice and feedback that we have gathered from the sector, and to make it as easy as possible for schools and local authorities to understand the actions they need to take.
In closing, I reiterate my thanks and appreciation to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chelmsford for bringing this important Bill before the House today.
Being in school has never been more valuable, with standards continuing to rise, and this Bill will help to ensure that every young person and their family, whatever their background and wherever they are in the country, can receive the support they need to do just that.
I am sure we will hear more from her—and I look forward to that—as the Bill progresses through the House.
I thank her again, and I urge hon.
Members across the House to support the Bill.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 1 March .
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
In this place, our nation’s Parliament, change comes in many forms.
Sometimes it is the clamour of the picket line, the lobby group or Members’ own interests.
Sometimes it comes in the shape of an MP’s constituency surgery and the quiet working man; a man who knows what is right and wrong, who seizes injustice and internal fury and propels it to this place to be remedied.
He fights not for himself—he knows the barriers that he faces—but for every man, woman and every one of us, as we face the cruel certainty of age, and age discrimination in the workplace.
The man is Stephen Horne.
I am proud that he is my constituent, and I am proud today to speak to Stephen’s Bill.
stand with him on tackling the endemic age discrimination in our society.
The Bill aims to address the provision at the heart of the nation’s challenge.
Jo Gideon (Stoke-on-Trent Central) (Con): I support my hon.
Friend’s Bill, as she knows.
The protection of other characteristics—gender, race and religion, for example—is generally observed in employment law.
Does she agree that pervasive age discrimination is a big issue that we need to tackle, as her Bill will do in a small but important way?
Mrs Elphicke: My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
Age discrimination is absolutely pervasive in our society.
It is such a common experience that one in three people report having experienced it.
We must tackle that injustice.
The Bill repeals paragraph 14 of schedule 9 to the Equality Act 2010, which allows workplace benefits to be removed from a working person solely by reason of their coming to statutory pensionable age.
I was pleased to introduce the Bill under the ten-minute rule last year, and I am pleased to bring it back today with strong support from so many Members across the House who, like me, believe that we urgently need to tackle this issue.
People in their 50s and 60s commonly experience discrimination because of their age, and 37% of those incidents are at work, according to the Centre for Ageing Better.
One in five employers believes that age discrimination occurs in their organisation, and many argue that ageism is a key barrier for people aged 50 to 64 who want to return to or remain in their workplace.
Paragraph 14 allows active discrimination under the law, and so opens the door to other forms of indirect and unconscious bias discrimination.
That was well explored by the Women and Equalities Committee, which said that it is clear that there is “prejudice, unconscious bias and casual ageism in the workplace”, as well as inadequate challenge to current practices.
Stephen is a train driver with Eurotunnel.
He helped to build the tunnel before it first opened 30 years ago, and he has driven a train since the very first went through the tunnel.
When he reached the age of 66, his bosses decided to remove his workplace benefits relating to income protection and long-term sickness, and his health insurance.
That puts Stephen at a disadvantage compared with other workers.
He is doing the same job at 66 as he did at 65, but now he does not get the same  money’s worth, or the same terms and conditions in his contract of employment.
In simple terms, Stephen does not get pay and conditions equal to those of a younger worker solely by reason of his age.
That is not right.
If Stephen falls ill, he cannot get the same access to speedy private healthcare that other people in his company get, including for a workplace injury, which means that he might be out of the workplace for longer.
If—heaven forbid—he died, his wife Marsha would no longer have the compensatory insurance through death-in-service benefits that another worker’s family would be entitled to, yet Stephen is doing exactly the same job as he was before he reached retirement age.
When looking into Stephen’s case, I was shocked to discover that such age discrimination is legal.
The Equality Act 2010 is supposed to provide protection for older people against age discrimination.
Age is, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  rightly said, a protected characteristic, and it needs to be treated as such.
That exception in the Act means that Stephen and workers up and down the land face discrimination, and similar issues with terms and conditions.
We need to tackle that issue, because people are staying in the workplace longer, and because it is unfair and wrong.
It needs to be tackled in this place through a change in the law.
I have had discussions with companies about why they do not just do the right thing, why they do not change this unfair practice, and why they do not look after all their workers better.
The answer that I have had is simple: they will not do that until we in this Parliament say that they must, because they do not want to have to pay more by offering those terms and conditions.
The bottom line is that they do not want older workers like Stephen.
That is not right, and it is not something this country can afford, either.
People are working until a much older age; that has become more acute as the Government have changed the pensionable age.
Stephen’s Bill seeks to put right the situation for every older worker in this country by changing the law on workplace benefits, so that older people are treated the same as others in any other part of the employment relationship.
We know why this matters.
There was a time when a pregnant woman had to quit her job and leave the workplace; indeed, there was a time when women were not welcome in many workplaces.
There was a time when women were not given paid maternity leave, men were not given paid paternity leave and women would not get jobs if they were of childbearing age.
We have addressed that through Parliament over decades.
Now employers find that retaining women in the workplace—indeed, having them at the very top levels in the boardroom—benefits not just mothers, but businesses.
Businesses can now retain the vital skills, knowledge and commitment of female workers, and that needs to happen in relation to older workers too.
Older workers have skills and knowledge gained over many years in the workplace.
Treating older workers fairly will encourage them to stay, and benefit the companies they work for.
I remember a time when employers used to say that a woman did not need to work, get the same bonuses as a man or be offered overtime, because men needed those  opportunities in order to feed their families.
We outlawed that because equal pay at work matters and equal opportunity at work matters, too.
That applies every bit as much whether it is a younger or older worker doing the job.
Another excuse that is given is that covering older people becomes more expensive for everyone, because the premium for the company goes up.
That is, of course, absurd.
Applying that logic, would it be okay to exclude from employment benefits people who have had a heart condition, cancer, a bad back, a disability or a chronic condition, on the basis that the insurance might go up?
Of course not.
It would not be lawful, and it should not be lawful for that to happen simply because of someone’s age.
We have said in other cases that taking away someone’s work benefits is discriminatory and wrong, and it is discriminatory and wrong to do so simply because they have got older.
That is something that none of us can influence or affect; it will happen to us all.
Even in this place and, as we have heard recently, even in Government, people’s terms and conditions and severance pay differ depending on the age at which they take their role or responsibility.
It is time for us to amend this great injustice.
Stephen knows that the challenge that he faces in changing the minds of his bosses is enormous, and there is no indication that they are prepared to do that.
However, I know from speaking to businesses that there are things that the Government can do, beyond changing the law, to ensure that this injustice is addressed.
That could include ensuring there are compensatory payments to give equivalence, on an equal pay basis, to people who do not have access to the same pay and conditions as others.
That means making it unlawful for those offering insurance to have that kind of discriminatory condition, which we should do.
This is such an important time for our nation, as we look for everyone to contribute, and require people to work in, older life.
It is essential that we put in place the right laws, protection and framework, so that whatever people want to do in older age, they are treated fairly and equally.
That is the reason that Stephen has asked me— The debate stood adjourned ( Standing Order No. 11(2) ).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 15 March .
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
This very small Bill is narrow in scope, but it will provide financial assistance and fairness to people who are terminally ill who have seen the sponsors of their pension schemes become insolvent.
It will do that by changing the definition of “terminally ill” for this purpose.
I thank the legislative team of the Department for Work and Pensions and my staff for their help preparing the Bill.
I think everyone in the House would agree that those who receive the devastating news that they have a terminal illness should receive as much financial help as possible in their final days.
The loss of their right to pension payments is a blow that they should not have to suffer, and that is what the Bill seeks to address.
By way of background, the Bill focuses on the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme.
The Pension Protection Fund was established by the Pensions Act 2004 and pays compensation to individuals when the sponsors of defined benefit pension schemes—usually their employers—become insolvent and lack the necessary assets to pay those pensions to the level that the Pension Protection Fund would ordinarily pay.
That applies to insolvency that has taken place on or after  6 April 2005 .
The financial assistance scheme applies to individuals whose pension schemes were unable to meet their pension liabilities in full if those schemes started to wind up between  1 January 1997  and  5 April 2005 .
The Bill relates to compensation payments from those schemes made to people with terminal illness.
When meeting the liabilities of pension schemes, the Pension Protection Fund can pay a one-off lump sum to someone who is terminally ill.
The financial assistance scheme can start to make pension payments, but not pay a lump sum, to someone at any age with a terminal illness.
The issue is the definition of a terminal illness.
The Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme use the same legal definition of terminal illness, which is that a person is terminally ill “at any time if at that time the person suffers from a progressive disease and the person’s death in consequence of that disease can reasonably be expected within 6 months.”
I commend my hon.
Friend on bringing forward this Bill, and I hope that he will not mind that at times I will ask some questions about it; I may also make some comments later.
He was talking about the assessment of what is a terminal illness.
Can he spend a bit more time on who is making that decision, and what the range of illnesses is?
Are the illnesses set down by the NHS?
Is there a limited list of those illnesses?
Who assesses whether a person is within the bounds of what would be called a terminal illness for the purposes of this Bill?