What steps he is taking to help improve domestic research and development capabilities.
The UK’s R&D system is a central strength and vital for the future prosperity and wellbeing of our citizens.
We are recognised for the strengths of our universities system and research base, and we are investing through UK Research and Innovation to continuously improve our R&D capabilities.
In July we launched five new quantum technology hubs, which are delivered by UKRI and backed by over £100 million-worth of Government funding.
This will ensure that the British people benefit from the potential of quantum technologies in a range of areas, from healthcare and computing to national security and critical infra- structure alike.
Turbo Power Systems in my constituency is a great example of a global company built on research and development but with proud local roots.
Would the Secretary of State be happy to visit it, as I have, to see its fantastic work?
Of course, I look forward to visiting Turbo Power Systems the next time I am in the region and seeing the amazing work it does.
It is contributing to one of the key missions of this Government, which is to get to clean superpower status by 2030, and I look forward to seeing what it is doing to make that a reality.
I recently visited Yorkshire Cancer Research in my constituency.
It is coming up to 100 years since it was founded, and it has created amazing drugs, such as tamoxifen, to extend people’s lives and help them fight cancer.
We know that less than 5% of medical research investment is spent on R&D in Yorkshire.
Given that   we have 8% of the population, what more can the Secretary of State do to ensure that R&D opportunity investment is spread across our country?
It is incredibly important for this Government that we invest across the whole country, which is why we have invested £118 million in healthcare research and partnership hubs that are outside London and across the United Kingdom.
I hope that this benefits the hon.
Gentleman’s area too.