People and businesses in my constituency, like many elsewhere, are plagued with patchy access.
Andy from Wheathampstead has found that the only way he can move on to working from home and running a business is to have expensive satellite broadband.
Will the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that every home and business has access to gigabit broadband in rural and remote communities, and will he also ensure that there are bespoke solutions so that no home or business is left out?
Our manifesto commitment is to get to 99% coverage by 2030, and that is something we are determined to do.
The programme run by BDUK for shared rural networks is technology-neutral.
Along with the Minister responsible, I am encouraging BDUK as fulsomely as I can to ensure that every single technology emerging, as well as existing, is put to good use in that endeavour.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support the life sciences sector in Stevenage constituency.
My hon.
Friend takes every opportunity to raise this subject.
He will be happy to learn that the Government have a clear plan for supporting the life sciences sector, as set out in our life sciences plan.
Stevenage has a thriving life sciences community: it is home to GSK, Autolus and a growing number of biotech companies.
We are continuing to encourage companies to expand their footprint in the area, supported by the cell and gene therapy catapult, which operates the manufacturing innovation centre, and the skills and training laboratories.
I am proud that my constituency is a top location for life sciences companies to develop cutting-edge technologies.
One of them, BioOrbit, which is hosted by Airbus Defence and Space in Stevenage through its small and medium-sized enterprises accelerator programme, is building a pharmaceuticals factory in  space to leverage the benefits of microgravity for large-scale administration of cancer treatments.
Another UK prime company, GSK, hosts more than 40 SMEs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we need to do all we can to support innovative SMEs in the life sciences and space sectors?
My hon.
Friend rightly acknowledges that Stevenage is a leading hub for life sciences companies to develop and commercialise cutting-edge therapeutics.
GSK and Airbus are shining examples of UK innovation at work.
Earlier this week we published the industrial strategy Green Paper to drive long-term, sustainable, inclusive and secure growth, and to secure investment in crucial sectors of the economy, including life sciences.
There is an opportunity to renew the UK’s leadership in life sciences through bold innovation and collective partnerships with the sector, to build an NHS that is fit for the future and to drive economic growth across the regions of the UK.
Following the successful investment in Rolls-Royce’s technology and logistics centre, what is the Minister doing to get more investment into my Bognor Regis and Littlehampton constituency?
I am not sure that Rolls-Royce fits into a question on life sciences.
Does the Minister have an answer?