The Secretary of State, in one of his first acts in his new role, cut £1.3 billion-worth of funding that would have been transformative for enabling cutting-edge research and development in Britain.
I note that he has also ditched our ambition to turn Britain into a science and technology superpower.
We set a target of £20 billion for R&D, which   we met, but he has set no such target.
Will he be setting a target, and can he today promise that there will be no cuts to R&D expenditure?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on  his appointment to his Front-Bench role.
Let us just  be honest about what this Government inherited.
That £20 billion black hole affects every single Department across Government.
My Department inherited a situation where the previous Government—including the former Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , who is sitting on the Opposition Front Bench—committed at this Dispatch Box to an exascale project to which not one single penny had been committed.
That was a fraud committed on the scientific community of our country by that Government, and I had to make the difficult decision to move forward— Order.
I think we have gone on long enough on that question.
What steps he is taking to roll out Project Gigabit in the Chester South and Eddisbury constituency.
As part of Project Gigabit, Freedom Fibre is delivering a contract to provide 15,000 homes and businesses across Cheshire, including in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, with access to fast, reliable broadband.
In addition, over 800 vouchers have been issued to connect premises in her constituency through the gigabit broadband voucher scheme.
Close to half the wards in my constituency are judged by Ofcom to be in the worst 30% of all areas in the UK when it comes to having a decent broadband connection.
My constituents will be deeply concerned by reports that the current review of the next stage of Project Gigabit could see funds diverted from hard-to-reach rural areas to major cities such as central London.
Will the Minister offer a concrete guarantee that no rural community will be left behind by the Government’s review?
I do not see it as a divide between rural and urban, because there are urban issues as well as rural issues.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the previous Government failed to deliver in her constituency, and we intend to put that right.
She should not believe everything she reads in the newspapers.
I know that she was trying to have a meeting with Building Digital UK, and I am happy to make sure that we can both sit down with officials to try to sort out these problems in her constituency—and I am happy to do the same for any other Members.