Yes.
We have called for that in the past and we continue to do so.
I hope that this is an issue where we can have unity across the House.
Yes, I assure the Prime Minister of our support.
It is something that the last Government began.
The United States recently expanded their sanctions and I hope the new Government will continue to look at doing the same.
The last Government also established a new system of registration and monitoring to protect the UK from interference from foreign states, including China, Russia and Iran.
The foreign influence registration scheme was described as essential by MI5 in the fight to help to keep Britain safe, but since the Prime Minister took office, he has halted its implementation.
Why?
That is not correct.
That is very clearly what the Government have said.
Only last week, the Prime Minister said at the Dispatch Box that he would give the security forces “the powers that they need”.—[Official Report,  9 October 2024 ; Vol. 754, c. 297.]
If he is to fulfil that promise, I urge him to get up to speed on this issue and implement the scheme.
Furthermore, Parliament’s Intelligence and Security Committee has warned that British universities are increasingly a rich feeding ground for China to exert political influence over us.
That is why we passed the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, with new powers to help to defend universities from that threat, but the new Education Secretary has since blocked it.
Can the Prime Minister tell us how, without that tool, the Government will prevent Chinese influence over our universities?
I really do not think that party political points on security and intelligence—[Interruption.]
Throughout the last Parliament, we stood with the Government on all questions of security and intelligence, because it was important to the outside world that we did so.
I worked with the security and intelligence services for five years prosecuting cases.
I know at first hand, as a lawyer, the work that they do.
I have known at first hand, as the Prime Minister, the work that they do.
We support them in everything that we do, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that.
The FIR scheme and the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act were new tools—new sets of powers—that the previous Government passed in order to give our universities and security services the powers that they need to tackle a growing threat.
The Opposition will of course continue to support the Government in protecting our national security, but we believe that those tools are needed, and we are concerned by reports that the new Government have paused their implementation or indeed scrapped them.
Finally, the Chinese Government have sanctioned multiple Members of our Parliament for championing human rights.
As a result, they have faced intimidation, abuse and surveillance.
I commend you, Mr Speaker, for your defence of the right of every Member of this House to speak out on crucial issues without fear of retaliation from foreign states.
I know that the Prime Minister will agree with that too, so this week will the Foreign Secretary in his meetings not just raise the issue but tell the Chinese Government to lift those sanctions on our colleagues?
Yes—we speak with one voice.
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks about the record of the last Government.
That record was 14 years of failure.
Six years of austerity, three years of Brexit logjam, then Johnson, Truss and the present Leader of the Opposition—utter failure.
This Government were elected to do things differently, make fairer choices, and most importantly, give Britain its future back.
We will fix the foundations, with a long-term plan to grow our economy, protect working people and rebuild our country.
Two years ago, Thurrock Council was led into effective bankruptcy by the then Conservative Administration, in no small part due to an investment of hundreds of millions of pounds in a solar farm scheme run by a conman.
Given the Prime Minister’s commitment to integrity in public life, will he support my call, and those of my constituents, for a public inquiry, so that those responsible can finally be held to account?