Apologies, but I feel that I should keep going.
Means-tested benefits can help where appropriate.
Universal credit, for example, pays an extra £2,400 a year to unpaid family carers.
I do not underestimate the challenges within the universal credit system, and we want to ensure that carers who need it get that support.
As I was saying to the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton a moment ago, we are looking at different aspects of the system, including by reviewing universal credit to ensure that it does the job we all want it to do.
We will set out the details in due course.
Pension credit can also be paid to carers at a higher rate than what those without caring responsibilities receive, and over 100,000 carers receive an extra amount of pension credit because of their entitlement to carer’s allowance.
However, we think that as many as 760,000 pensioners who are eligible for pension credit are not receiving it, which is why the Government have already taken action to drive up pension credit take-up.
Last month, we started a national campaign to encourage eligible pensioners to check their eligibility and apply.
We are asking local authorities to support that and, as the House will know, the Secretary of State and the Deputy Prime Minister wrote to them in August.
Following that, we have seen a 152% increase in applications for pension credit since  29 July , with almost 75,000 applications in just eight weeks.
In November we will write to around 120,000 pensioners in receipt of housing benefit who may be eligible but are not currently claiming pension credit, and I encourage all family carers to check that they are receiving all the support to which they are entitled.
The gov.uk website has lots of information on carer’s allowance, and 90% of people claim online, although traditional paper forms are available for those who want to claim it that way.
I know that organisations such as Carers UK and Citizens Advice are also on hand and do a fantastic job of giving advice.
Financial help for carers is really important, but it is only one pillar of a proper support system.
All of us need a balance in life, and that is important for carers too.
Most carers of working age want to consider working in some form, and not just for financial wellbeing but to enhance their life and the life of the person for whom they care.
We want to help family carers combine their caring responsibilities with paid work where they can.
We will review the implementation of the Carer’s Leave Act 2023, which gave unemployed carers a right to time off work for the first time, and we will explore the benefits of paid leave while being mindful of the impact of any changes on small employers.
Through the Employment Rights Bill, we will ensure that flexible working, which can play such an important role in helping carers to balance their work and caring responsibilities, is available to all workers, except where it is genuinely not feasible.
The Government will carefully consider the findings of Lord Darzi’s independent review of the NHS, which is very clear about the need for a fresh approach to  supporting family carers.
Caring is a demanding role in which no one can function at their best without ever having a break, and the better care fund includes money that can be used for unpaid carer support, including short breaks and respite services for carers.
As I mentioned at the beginning of my contribution, we will ensure that family carers’ voices are heard as we develop plans to create a national care service as part of our reforms to adult social care.
Every day, unpaid family carers step up when loved ones need their support.
Without the contribution of family carers, our country would not function.
The pressure on social care in this country is already unbearable; without unpaid family carers, it would become completely untenable.
I am pleased to be able to respond to this vital debate, which in both tone and importance has been one of the best I have heard in my two years in this place.
I also add my thanks to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  for bringing forward the Opposition day motion today, because this issue is clearly of concern to many Members, and they are right to be concerned.
The right hon.
Member is one of many right hon.
and hon.
Members to have made important contributions and spoken with great passion on this crucial issue.
The hon.
Members for Salford (Rebecca Long Bailey) and for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean), my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean) ,  the hon.
Member for Harpenden and Berkhamsted (Victoria Collins) , my hon.
Friends the Members for Wirral West (Matthew Patrick), for Harlow (Chris Vince) and for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter), the hon.
Members for Stratford-on-Avon (Manuela Perteghella) and for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds) and others rightly spoke about the important role that millions of family carers play in providing support for disabled or elderly relatives who need care at home.
I echo those comments and add my own tribute to all family carers.
Much of their tireless work goes unseen and unrecognised.
Like other Members, I am privileged to witness glimpses of carers’ dedication through my correspondence and through events I attend in my constituency.
Running through today’s debate was an underlying and understandable anger at the position we inherited from the last Government, whereby family carers trying to do the right thing have been left with staggering overpayments, often running into thousands of pounds.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern)  set out earlier, we are making sure that we understand precisely what has gone wrong so that we can put the system right for the long term.
Our family carers deserve no less.
Many Members, including the hon.
Members for Eastleigh (Liz Jarvis) and for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain), my hon.
Friends the Members for Shipley (Anna Dixon) and for Bexleyheath and Crayford (Daniel Francis) and  the hon.
Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone) , and of course my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy)  and the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton, spoke about their own experiences as carers or the work they do locally to support organisations helping family carers.
I grew up watching my grandmother care for my grandad, struggling with Parkinson’s disease, before later seeing my mum, one of the many hidden carers up and down the land, care for her mother—my nana—in her final years battling Alzheimer’s disease.
None of us in this House is blind to the work that carers do.
They are fortunate to have some wonderful advocates.
Those include their MPs, as we have seen today, but also organisations such as Carers UK, the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute, to name but three.
The Minister for Social Security and Disability, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , and I have already met a delegation of carers and Carers UK, and he will be doing so again shortly.
He will also meet separately with the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute, because we are determined to ensure that the voices of family carers and the organisations supporting them are at the heart of everything we do.
I also want to pay tribute to the hundreds of DWP staff, largely based in the north-west, who provide financial support to a million family carers through carer’s allowance, day in, day out.
The Government will spend record amounts to support unpaid carers.
Real-terms expenditure on carer’s allowance is forecast to rise from £4.2 billion in 2024-25 to just over £4.7 billion a year by 2028-29.
I turn to some of the other points raised during the debate, with apologies that time will permit me to address only some of them.
Let me take the opportunity to congratulate and pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Clwyd North (Gill German) and for Weston-super-Mare (Dan Aldridge) and  the hon.
Member for Torbay (Steve Darling)  on their excellent maiden speeches.
They painted vivid pictures of their constituencies and I feel certain that they will go on to make significant contributions in this place.
On the wider points, I will begin with the question of the adequacy of carer’s allowance, set as it is at £151 per week.
Carer’s allowance will be increased in April 2025 by the consumer prices index to help ensure that it maintains its value.
As well as carer’s allowance, carers in low-income households can claim income-related benefits such as universal credit and pension credit.
Those can be paid to carers at a higher rate than to those without caring responsibilities through the carer element and the additional amount for carers respectively.
For example, over 750,000 carer households on universal credit can already receive an additional £2,400 a year through the carer element.
That said, the House should be aware that issues beyond the scope of the independent review announced today are not being ignored; this is merely a first step towards progress.
The Government are also looking at the broader question of how to provide the best possible support for family carers, although I do not want to pre-empt that work today.
Let me turn to the question of a taper, which was raised by a number of right hon.
and hon.
Members.
At the moment, introducing a taper in carer’s allowance would significantly complicate the benefit, with awards having to be adjusted manually on a weekly basis for some of those declaring earnings.
That would add to administrative costs and could mean more fraud and error.
Those also receiving universal credit would need to have that adjusted if their payment of carer’s allowance changed because of an earnings taper rate.
A taper could be introduced only following significant changes to the IT system that supports payment of carer’s allowance.
For the moment, therefore, it is not possible.
On the potential writing off of overpayments, which was at the heart of many of the excellent contributions that we heard, an overpayment can occur through fraud,  or through claimant or official error.
The Secretary of State has an obligation to protect public funds and ensure that, wherever possible, overpayments are recovered, but determining what best we can do to support those who have accrued overpayments is within the scope of the independent review, as is how such overpayments occurred and what we can do to ensure that we take all the steps we can to reduce the risk of such incidents happening again.
Let me turn briefly to the comments of the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) .
He listed the many interventions that the last Government supposedly made to improve the lot of carers—seemingly including the private Member’s Bill of the hon.
Member for North East Fife—but after 14 years of Conservative government, we see carers who find themselves in heartbreaking situations having racked up huge overpayments.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman correctly set out the incredibly complex nature of the carer’s allowance system, with allowances for legitimate expenses, pension contributions and so on, and why resolving this matter is therefore not straightforward.
That is why the independent review is the correct mechanism and next step to fully understand what went wrong and why, and how we can put things right.
I welcome his support for the review.
Many colleagues referred to the role that family carers play in easing pressure on the social care system, and indeed in supporting our economy, and they were entirely right to do so.
I acknowledge everything that carers do.
They are heroes.
We appreciate how much society relies on unpaid carers, we recognise the challenges they face and we understand the need for change.
Supporting carers is both a moral and an economic imperative, so we will help carers stay in paid work, we are spending record amounts on carer’s allowance and we will sort out the overpayments scandal we inherited.
That is why we have announced the independent review today: so that, together, we can rebuild the trust that has been lost and ensure that those who offer comfort, dignity and support to the ones they love are given all the help they need in return.
I hope right hon.
and hon.
Members will acknowledge that work today by supporting the Government amendment.
Question put ( Standing Order No. 31(2) ), That the original words stand part of the Question.
I am honoured to make my maiden address during this debate on carer’s allowance.
We all know people who are working tirelessly to care for loved ones.
Indeed, making life better for those who sacrifice so much was one of the main reasons I made the decision to run for election to this place.
In Weston-super-Mare, it has been a privilege to get to know some of our residents who care tirelessly for loved ones in the most challenging circumstances.
I pay tribute to carers in my constituency and specifically to Pat O’Connell, Jan Quan and everybody at the Parkinson’s UK Weston-super-Mare branch for being so fearless in fighting for appropriate care services for their loved ones.
I am in awe of their love, compassion and conviction to secure better care and respite services not just for themselves, but for everyone.
It is a real tragedy that the care system was not able to provide them with suitable respite from the 24/7 care they provide.
I continue to fight their corner and that of all carers across the constituency.
Weston-super-Mare is an extraordinary place, full of a vibrant mix of people.
Since my family moved to the village of Kewstoke in 2001, Weston and the surrounding areas have become deeply intertwined with our lives.
I may still have my Stokie accent and a love of pottery and Staffordshire oat cakes, but Weston is now where my heart is.
It is a town where we find people with roots from across our nation and from across the world.
My younger sisters Emily and Lauren have become expert code-switchers between Stokie and west country based on the situation, but my younger brother Scott has embraced the local lingo and I can almost hear him now saying, “Alright, my lover?”
Weston has provided us all with a friendly community, a beautiful coastline and the best British seaside experience in the country—that is a fact.
It is hard not to feel  immense pride being there, and even though I will not play favourites with our local chip shops and ice cream stops, I can assure hon.
Members that there are many excellent choices in the town.
This year we celebrate the 160th birthday of Birnbeck pier—Weston’s oldest—which has been closed for nearly 30 years.
Its restoration has been a labour of love for many people who have worked tirelessly to preserve this piece of our history, and I am overjoyed to be the MP who will hopefully see it brought back to life for our community and for commercial use.
Weston is made up of diverse communities, from the town itself, which hosted its first mela this summer to celebrate our diversity, to areas such as Worle and villages such as Bleadon, Uphill and Hutton.
Those neighbourhoods have grown significantly over the years, with post-war estates such as Bournville, Coronation, Potteries and Oldmixon fostering some of the most creative, friendly and resilient people and hosting events from community Pride to some of the most fantastic creative art events I have ever attended.
I come from a community just like those.
Under the last Labour Government, I was the first in my family to pursue A-levels and go to university.
It is because of those life-changing opportunities that I am here today.
A constituent said to me recently, “Politics doesn’t make any difference,” but I could not disagree more.
Yes, we have seen challenges, but for many of us, especially in my generation, the decisions of a Labour Government gave us the chance to succeed in ways we never thought possible.
I am determined to build on that legacy and ensure we continue to empower future generations.
Recently, Weston has evolved into a haven for food and beverage enterprise, offering everything from traditional British seaside fare to incredible vegan options thanks to local champions such as Anna Southwell, who have transformed perceptions of vegan cuisine—including my own—and shown how to build and sustain inclusive communities through food, drink and entertainment.
Businesses such as Kinda Co., known for its dairy-free cheese, have chosen Weston as their home, thriving there because of the opportunities we create for growth and sustainability, and while it is now just outside my constituency, the iconic Thatchers Cider will always be associated with our town.
Even though our high street, like many across the country, has struggled over the years, traditional stores such as the phenomenal family-run Walker and Ling, opened in 1904 and trading in the same place since, have kept the faith and are part of the fabric of this great town.
I sincerely hope it will be there for many more years to come as we work together to revitalise the high street.
Weston is also home to some amazing tech start-ups, and as the world becomes more interconnected, with high-skill, high-wage jobs tied less to cities, places such as Weston are starting to see investment.
More people have cottoned on to what a great place it is, and I can totally understand why.