Did the Secretary of State fully disclose to the Civil Service Commission the Labour links of one of the most senior civil service appointments, or the £66,000 donation he received?
Every donation that was made to this party in opposition has been declared in the appropriate ways.
I am proud to be part of a party that raises standards in public life rather than votes to lower them.
[Interruption.]
I am also proud to be part of a party that comes into government and attracts talent to working for it, whereas when the Conservatives see talent, they libel it.
Thanks to Whitehall Watch, we have a copy of the form.
It is clear the Secretary of State failed to mention the conflicts of interest, as required by the ministerial code.
In the words of the Prime Minister’s favourite pop star, some would say he is “Guilty as Sin”.
Will he refer himself to the adviser on standards, or do we have to wait for the Prime Minister to finish organising VIP motorcades and do it for him?
There we have it—a party that attacks civil servants and the world’s greatest talent gravitating towards this party and this Government, to work for them.
When he sees talent in Government, he libels it and saddles the taxpayer with the bill.
This Government attract talent and I am proud of that.
The first Farnborough International Space Show will take place in my constituency in March next year.
With space agencies from across the world already signed up to attend, the show will allow the UK to stand on the world stage and showcase our position as a convenor of global innovation.
Will the Secretary of State and the UK Space Agency pledge their support to the show and will he join me at this inaugural event?
Farnborough has done an astonishing job at getting British aviation, which I have supported, into the global news.
My dad served in the Fleet Air Arm back in the 1960s, and I went with him many times to Farnborough to see the planes he worked on up in the sky.
As a country and a House, we should celebrate the fact that Farnborough is now moving into space.
I am very grateful for what Farnborough is doing, and of course I will be there to participate in the event in any way that is meaningful.
Building Digital UK has recently classified Devon, including rural areas such as Dartmoor national park, as type C procurement under Project Gigabit.
However, there are concerns about how agile and timely its delivery will be.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the speedy roll-out of broadband in Dartmoor national park?
it seems—[Interruption.]
It seems I have never been so popular!
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady, as she makes a serious point.
We want every single part of this country to share in the digital future.
We can do that only if we have the infrastructure that we need everywhere in the UK.
I know that the Minister shares the delight that many of us felt when it was announced that researchers from the UK-based AI company Google DeepMind are to share a Nobel prize for their work on protein folding, a technology that will help shape economies of the future.
As founder of Labour Women in Tech, I want this technological growth to be diverse, so what are the Government doing to ensure both that the UK remains a global leader in this tech space and that my constituents in South Derbyshire are able to trust that this technology can and will benefit everyone?