As evidenced by some earlier questions, issues surrounding SEND, local government finance and adult social care affect all of our constituents.
Let us be honest: for too long, both parties have ducked and dodged taking the difficult but necessary decisions.
In order to give certainty to our constituents and confidence to those who provide those vital services, does the Prime Minister share my assessment that there is considerable merit in formal cross-party working on those issues, so that we can share taking those difficult decisions in order to improve outcomes for our constituents?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the question of SEND, because it is a really important issue—I think this is the fourth time in two Prime Minister’s Question Times that it has been raised, by Members on both sides of the House.
I quibble with his suggestion that it is both parties, since his party was in power for 14 years, but the spirit in which he proposes that this work should be cross-party is something that we should take up, because SEND is such an important issue.
It affects so many children and parents, so notwithstanding that quibble, I am very happy to work across the House on an issue as important as SEND.
The Fairways Networking Group is a group of small businesses in my constituency, all of which operate on tight margins.
Can my right hon.
and learned Friend help me to reassure this group that not only do they have nothing to fear from the Employment Rights Bill, but they have plenty to gain as exemplar employers?
Yes: the Employment Rights Bill is pro-worker and pro-growth, and proudly so.
I do not believe we can build a strong economy by having people in insecure work.
The Conservative party goes against every protection for workers—it was against the minimum wage, and it is against these new protections—but the vast majority of businesses, large and small, already know that investing in their human capital and treating people properly at work is what produces growth.
Here is the big political divide: the Conservatives always oppose workers’ rights, and we will always champion them.
I associate the Green party with the Prime Minister’s tributes to Alex Salmond and Sir David Amess.
Some 99.7% of new patients in the east of England are unable to find an NHS dentist—it is the worst-affected area in the country.
My constituents want urgent action, so when will the Government begin the critical negotiations on dental contract reform so that no one in the 21st century has to pull out their own teeth?
Will it be by the end of this year?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important issue.
Dentistry was left in a shocking state by the last Government: I was shocked to hear that the commonest cause of A&E admission for six to 10-year-olds in this country’s children’s hospitals is to have teeth taken out, because of the failure of the last Government.
That is shocking on any analysis, and we will put it right; we will take the necessary steps, and we will work across the House to do so as quickly as possible.
Last night in this House, we took the first steps in abolishing the hereditary principle of privilege in the other place.
I was hosting the Let’s End Poverty coalition at a meeting upstairs, where we heard that for many, the experience of poverty feels hereditary too.
Will the Prime Minister meet with me and those with lived experience of poverty to find ways in which we can hear from those with that lived experience and break the cycle of poverty?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
The Conservative party wants to get rid of maternity pay, but keep hereditary peers.
It is the same old Tories.
This is an important issue that she has raised.
The letters are honest, powerful and important, and I think they hold up a mirror to our country.
We will deliver a Budget that drives economic growth, improves the lives of working people, fixes our public services and rebuilds our country with a decade of national renewal.