Yes, and you will have observed, Mr Speaker, that on Monday we had a very successful investment summit, with £63 billion coming into this country, jobs in every part of the UK, and a clear message from businesses that they are prepared to invest now under this new Labour Government.
Part of that was a £22 billion commitment to carbon capture, usage and storage, creating the first clusters in the world including, as my hon.
Friend points out, in various parts of the country.
We will support those jobs and investment.
We will grow our economy and rebuild our country.
North Cornwall is an amazing place to live and work, but a top-down approach from Westminster has failed us.
Public services are chronically underfunded, with young people forced to move away to pursue careers elsewhere, and affordable housing is a promise that is simply never kept.
Will the Prime Minister meet all six Cornish MPs to discuss devolution for Cornwall, with a Cornish assembly that recognises our unique culture, language and national minority status, so that we can finally unleash Cornwall’s economic potential?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that.
I do believe in transferring power out of Westminster and into the hands of leaders who know their communities best.
Those with skin in the game know what is best for their communities.
We are already making steps in the south-west by signing the devolution agreement for Devon and Torbay, and I encourage  local authorities to work with their neighbours to  pursue deeper and wider devolution for their area.
I will ensure that the hon.
Member has the meeting that he is asking for.
As the Prime Minister works for a ceasefire and the return of the hostages, he will have the support of Members across the House.
He will have noted the comments from the White House calling for urgent action to deal with the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and for the Netanyahu Government to increase access to aid and the amount of aid getting through.
Does the Prime Minister agree with those comments from the White House, and what representations is he making on that matter?
Yes, I do agree with those remarks, and we are constantly making representations on this with our partners.
There is an urgent need, as there has been for a long time, for more aid to get into Gaza.
It is a desperate situation, and Israel must comply with its international humanitarian law obligations.
That is why we are convening a session of the UN Security Council, with others, to address that issue.
I should inform the House that there has been an issue with the publication of the data from last night’s Division on the reasoned amendment to the Second Reading of the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill.
The result of the Division is not in doubt.
As always, it is determined by the Tellers’ count, as announced in the Chamber last night.
The names of the Members recorded on the pass reader terminals were not available on the usual timetable as a result of human error.
Those names have now been published on the CommonsVotes app and will be available in Hansard online shortly.
The House authorities are taking steps to prevent this from happening again.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I was going to raise the issue you have just spoken about as a point of order.
My concern is that, for the first time ever in my experience within this House, the list of Members participating in a Division has not been published in the hard copy of Hansard.
I ask you to insist that Hansard publishes the list in hard copy, rather than relying upon its being put online.
Can I also ask how it came about?
This is to do with new technology, and when I inquired about this matter earlier today, the list was still not available at 11.30 this morning.
Why was it not?
Let me deal with the hon.
Gentleman’s main point.
I can assure him that we will get it printed, even if it is on a separate sheet, to make sure that who voted what way is available in hard copy.
That is the key thing.
On his other point, this was human error.
It is not about technology; it is nothing to do with technology.
Sometimes mistakes are made.
I do not want to go on a witch hunt over a mistake made by human error.
What I will say is that we will put something in place to ensure that this does not happen again.
I am sure he would agree that that is the best way to deal with this matter.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Prime Minister said during Prime Minister’s questions, in answer to the Leader of the Opposition, that it was not correct that the current Government have postponed the implementation of the foreign influence registration scheme, yet on  14 August  the Government website was updated and a statement was proactively issued by the Home Office stating that the FIR scheme was “no longer expected” to come into force in 2024.
That is a postponement, so please will you insist that the Prime Minister returns to the House to correct the record and ensure that we are not misled?
The hon.
Lady has been here long enough—[Interruption.]
Let me at least finish before you start chipping back at me.
I am grateful to her  for giving me notice of her point of order.
As she well knows, I am not responsible for the accuracy of the   Prime Minister’s answers in this House.
However, she has put the point on the record, and I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have heard her remarks.
Let us see where we go from there.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Some of us were hoping to get an opportunity to ask the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology about the steps his Department is taking to improve diversity and inclusion in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics workforce, but we were not able to do so, because  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Perry Barr (Ayoub Khan)  did not turn up to ask the question on the Order Paper.
I know that you, Mr Speaker, and your staff have been at tremendous pains— Order.
We both know that that is not a point of order.
You have put on the record the point you were—[Interruption.]
No, it is a continuation of questions that finished quite a long time ago.
You have made the point that you were not able to get the question in, and we will leave it at that.
I am not opening up that debate at this stage.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Prime Minister paid tribute to Sir David Amess at questions—we all still miss him—and to General Sir Mike Jackson, who served a number of tours in Northern Ireland, as did hundreds of thousands of British servicemen upholding the rule of law.
Hundreds were killed and thousands were maimed by bombs.
We brought in the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 to stop them being endlessly investigated and reinvestigated at the hands of Sinn Féin.
Labour said that it would repeal it, so the whole cycle will begin again.
Mr Speaker, have you been given any indication of when the Government will come to the House, make a statement and explain their reasoning for putting all those vulnerable servicemen at risk yet again?
The right hon.
Member has put his point on the record.
I have had no indication of a statement.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Kim Leadbeater, supported by Kit Malthouse, Christine Jardine, Jake Richards, Siân Berry, Rachel Hopkins, Mr Peter Bedford, Tonia Antoniazzi, Sarah Green, Dr Jeevun Sandher, Ruth Cadbury and Paula Barker, presented a Bill to allow adults who are terminally ill, subject to safeguards and protections, to request and be provided with assistance to end their own life; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 29 November , and to be printed (Bill 12).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Max Wilkinson, supported by Mr Gideon Amos, Alex Sobel, Pippa Heylings, Dr Simon Opher, Dr Danny Chambers, Ellie Chowns, Layla Moran, Carla Denyer, Edward Morello, Calum Miller and Anna Sabine, presented a Bill to require the installation of solar photovoltaic generation equipment on new homes; to set minimum standards for compliance with that requirement; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 17 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 13).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Dr Roz Savage, supported by Alex Sobel, Olivia Blake, Dr Simon Opher, Clive Lewis, Nadia Whittome, Sir Roger Gale, Simon Hoare, Pippa Heylings, Carla Denyer, Kirsty Blackman and Llinos Medi, presented a Bill to require the United Kingdom to achieve climate and nature targets; to give the Secretary of State a duty to implement a strategy to achieve those targets; to establish a Climate and Nature Assembly to advise the Secretary of State in creating that strategy; to give duties to the Committee on Climate Change and the Joint Nature Conservation Committee regarding the strategy and targets; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 14).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Clive Lewis presented a Bill to set targets and objectives relating to water, including in relation to the ownership of water companies and to climate mitigation and adaptation; to require the Secretary of State to publish and implement a strategy for achieving those targets and objectives; to establish a Commission on Water to advise the Secretary of State on that strategy; to make provision about the powers and duties of that Commission, including a requirement to establish a Citizens’ Assembly on water ownership; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 28 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 15).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Josh MacAlister, supported by Jess Asato, Claire Coutinho, Florence Eshalomi, Kit Malthouse, Lola McEvoy, Joe Powell, Joani Reid, Jake Richards, Lucy Rigby, Dan Tomlinson and Caroline Voaden, presented a Bill to make provision for the protection of children accessing digital services and content.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 7 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 16).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Dr Scott Arthur, supported by Dame Siobhain McDonagh, Dame Meg Hillier, Monica Harding, Charlie Maynard, Sarah Owen, Johanna Baxter, Patricia Ferguson, Douglas McAllister, Blair McDougall, Elaine Stewart  and Kirsteen Sullivan, presented a Bill to make provision to incentivise research and investment into the treatment of rare types of cancer; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 14 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 17).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Jim Allister, supported by Sir Iain Duncan Smith, Graham Stringer, Gavin Robinson, Nigel Farage, Robin Swann, Sammy Wilson, Richard Tice, Carla Lockhart, Alex Easton, Jim Shannon and Mr Gregory Campbell, presented a Bill to make provision to modify the effect on domestic law of arrangements relating to the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 6 December , and to be printed (Bill 18).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Peter Lamb presented a Bill to make provision about the automatic registration of all children eligible for free school meals; to provide for an opt-out where the family wishes; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 14 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 19).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Alex McIntyre presented a Bill to change the procedure for amending Schedule 2 to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 6 December , and to be printed (Bill 20).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Andrew Ranger, supported by Mrs Emma Lewell-Buck, Claire Hughes, Gill German, Catherine Fookes, David Williams, Connor Naismith, Mrs Sarah Russell and Dr Allison Gardner, presented a Bill to amend the Licensing Act 2003 so that licensing hours
Orders can be made by negative resolution statutory instrument.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 17 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 21).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Jake Richards presented a Bill to require local authorities to publish information about looked after children in distance placements; to require local authorities to develop and publish sufficiency plans in respect of their duty under section 22G of the Children Act 1989; to require the Secretary of State to publish a national sufficiency plan in respect of looked after children in distance placements; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 28 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 22).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Tracy Gilbert, supported by Patricia Ferguson, Kirsteen Sullivan and Douglas McAllister, presented a Bill to make provision about absent voting in connection with local government elections in Scotland and Wales, elections to the Scottish Parliament and elections to Senedd Cymru; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 17 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 23).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Linsey Farnsworth, supported by Danny Beales and Mr Jonathan Brash, presented a Bill to create an offence of unauthorised entry at football matches for which a football banning order can be imposed following conviction.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 6 December , and to be printed (Bill 24).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
John Grady presented a Bill to require operator licences authorising the carrying out of spaceflight activities to specify the licensee’s indemnity limit.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 7 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 25).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Rachael Maskell, supported by Markus Campbell-Savours, Alison Hume, Mr Richard Quigley, Andy Slaughter, Neil Duncan-Jordan, Dr Rupa Huq, Ruth Jones, Euan Stainbank, Peter Prinsley, Tim Farron and Lizzi Collinge, presented a Bill to make provision for the licensing of short-term let accommodation; to make provision about the marketing of short-term let accommodation; to make provision about planning permission in respect of short-term let accommodation; to require the Secretary of State to publish guidance about the management of short-term let accommodation; to make provision about small business rates relief for short-term let accommodation; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 20 June 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 26).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Ruth Jones, supported by Sir Roger Gale, Adam Jogee, Tim Farron, Alex Sobel, Barry Gardiner, David Taylor, Rachael Maskell and Simon Hoare, presented a   Bill to prohibit the import and sale of fur; and for connected purposes.