Their mission of caring for others is not only commendable but has a tangible impact on countless individuals within our community.
Goodwill's programs give those seeking employment a chance to showcase their skills and ambition in a productive environment.
They take pride in helping to lift those from unemployment or underemployment while collecting millions of pounds in local donations.
Annually, Goodwill of Western New York supports well over 1,000 individuals in their pursuit of workforce development programs.
It is my hope that Goodwill can continue to expand their services and build on the success that earned them this year's Stewardship Award.
After more than six decades of serving Western New York families and businesses, Lawley Insurance is awarded this year's Family-Owned Business Award.
A third-generation family business, Lawley has become a premiere agency in the eyes of the community they serve.
Since the beginning, their leadership team placed an emphasis on ethics and maintaining the strength of the Western New York region.
With offices across New York, Connecticut.
and New Jersey, the current stewards of Lawley Insurance have never lost sight of their home in Buffalo.
With great pride in this local group, I wish Lawley Insurance a bright future in our region.
Spectrum Reach, the advertising arm of Charter Communications, will receive this year's Chairman's Award.
Just this year, Charter has mentored over 700 multicultural businesses.
This program, ``Pay It Forward,'' is an effort to give businesses free advertising, creative services, and educational resources.
In a fast-paced world so focused on the bottom line, it is reassuring to know that local partners at a company as large as Charter have a focus on bettering our community.
Fittingly, Amherst Chamber of Commerce is bestowing Buffalo AKO Art Museum with the Commitment to Excellence Award.
After nearly four years of construction, AKG has transformed their campus to become a nationwide leader in art and culture.
This $230 million project was over a decade in the making and will undoubtedly be the hub to both local pride and outside tourism.
As a longtime fixture in our community, it is nothing short of proper that we recognize the Buffalo

AKG for their commitment to providing a welcoming atmosphere to feature world-class exhibitions while serving as a hub for creative and educational programs.
Their new campus is nothing short of excellent and their recognition at this event is well-earned.
This year's Woman of Distinction Award is given to Jody Briandi, the President and Managing Partner of Hurwitz Fine P.C. A woman of numerous awards and recognitions, Jody has experience in state.
federal, and appellate courts across New York State.
Her sterling reputation as a professional litigator is matched by her willingness to improve her community and assist others.
She has invested her time and attention to helping women realize their full leadership potential and advocate for diversity, equity, and inclusion.
Jody is a success in all her endeavors and a model citizen in our community.
Lastly, Gilbane Building Company is spearheading the project to build the new Buffalo Bills stadium and being recognized as the Business of the Year.
A 1.35 million square foot structure, this task is no small feat, but will prove to be the home to our fans and community.
Thousands of workers and hours of labor will be dedicated to this state-of-the-art facility under the leadership of Gilbane.
Notably, 40 percent of contracts for this project have been awarded to minority, women, or service-disabled veteran-owned companies.
Gilbane is placing an emphasis on relationships with local businesses and residents to ensure that this project will benefit our local economy.
Congratulations to the 2023 Amherst Chamber of Commerce honorees; Goodwill of Western New York, Lawley Insurance, Spectrum Reach, Buffalo AKG Museum, Jody Briandi, and Gilbane Building Company.
I would like to thank each person, group, and company that continues to contribute to the growth and prosperity of Western New York. ____________________
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF DR.
DAVID OLIVE; Congressional Record Vol.