Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BARBARA LEONARD HAYES; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
96

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BARBARA LEONARD HAYES

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Mrs.

Barbara Leonard Hayes of Carrollton, Texas, who peacefully passed away

on April 6, 2025.
Barbara was born on July 8, 1937, in Tom, Oklahoma and was adopted by

John and Lena Noll Leonard.
She attended Durant High School and

graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1958, where she earned her

bachelor's degree in education.
Barbara began her career as a Flight

Attendant for American Airlines out of Chicago, where she was

recognized in the World Book Encyclopedia for her unique, vintage title

of ``Airline Stewardess.''
Soon after, she moved to Sherman to begin

teaching elementary education at Sherman ISD.
On June 11, 1960, Barbara

married the love of her life, Stanley Joe Hayes, in Durant, Oklahoma.
Together, they raised two children and have many more grandchildren.
In addition to her critical work as an educator, Barbara was involved

in many community initiatives throughout North Texas.
She served as the

PTA President at Wakefield Elementary, Cub Scout leader and Den Mother,

and a member of many civic and philanthropic organizations.
Barbara was

also very passionate about rescuing animals, traveling, and most

importantly, trusting God.
She was a devoted woman of faith and a

member of the First Presbyterian Church in Sherman, now the Covenant

Presbyterian Church.
The kindness, joy, and warmth that Barbara brought

with her presence will always be remembered by her loved ones.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Barbara's life and contributions to North

Texas.
She will be dearly missed by her friends, family, and all who

knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CERTIFICATE OF CONGRESSIONAL RECOGNITION PROCLAMATION PRESENTED TO

APOSTLE DR.
DANA CARSON IN HONOR OF 40 YEARS OF MINISTRY

HON.
AL GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, and still I rise.
I include in the

Record the following Proclamation recognizing Dr. Dana Carson for 40

years of service:

Whereas, Apostle Dr. Dana Carson hails from Chicago,

Illinois, and is the Founder & Senior Pastor of the

Reflections of Christ's Kingdom World Outreach International

(R.O.C.K.) church in Houston, Texas, serving ministry for 40

years full-time through Executive and Pastoral leadership

roles; and

Whereas, Apostle Dr. Dana Carson is a testament to

resilience, perseverance, and dedication, overcoming

adversity as a high school dropout by pursuing higher

education and earning three doctoral degrees from Regent

University, Logos University, and Boston University Graduate

School of Theology, along with four master's degrees, as well

as several executive certifications.
He is the founder and

chancellor of the Kingdom Bible University and Kingdom

Theological Seminary; and

Whereas, Apostle Dr. Dana Carson is a globally renowned

speaker, scholar, author, and musical artist featured on

broadcast television networks, releasing more than 260 books,

devotional guides, as well as curricula; and through his

music, delivering a powerful message of hope and resilience;

and

Whereas, Apostle Dr. Dana Carson was recognized by

President Barak Obama and was bestowed the Lifetime

Achievement Call to Service Award, was honored as one of the

Top 50 influential Leaders Worldwide in Pentecostalism and he

is an active member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc.

Now, therefore, be it resolved that, on behalf of the

constituents of the Ninth Congressional District of Texas, I

am proud to salute Apostle Dr. Dana Carson for his 40 years

of dedicated service to enriching the lives of his family,

congregation, our Nation, and the globe.
Best wishes on this

momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 75 YEARS OF MANCHESTER VAMC

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.