Deputy Chief John Curtis has served the South Metro Fire Department

for over twenty years.
In his previous position, John oversaw Emergency

Medical Services, dispatch, fleet services, and special operations.
His

educational background in organizational leadership, along with his

extensive on the job experience, has separated him from the other 76

applicants.
Our community is fortunate to have an incoming Chief with

the years of experience and education that John brings to this role.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate John Curtis on his promotion to Chief of

South Metro Fire Rescue.
We thank him for his continued commitment to

our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GOLDEN POLICE DEPARTMENT

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Golden Police

Department of Golden, Colorado, for serving and protecting our

community.
We are all grateful to the Department and Chief of Police Joe Harvey,

as they strive to maintain a culture of positive public engagement,

equity, and compassion for all.
Founded in 1874, the department has a

long history of dedicated officers working to build public trust

through accountability and equitable policing.
National Police Week offers an opportunity to honor law enforcement

and pay tribute to those who gave their lives serving their

communities.
This week, we honor Officer Evan Dunn, who was a member of

the Golden Police Department, who tragically passed away in the line of

duty in November 2024.
Officer Dunn joined the Department after serving

as an Army Aviator and Black Hawk pilot in the Missouri and Colorado

Army National Guard.
As a soldier, an officer, and a devoted husband,

Officer Dunn was a servant in every aspect of his life.
His legacy of

kindness, dedication, and service to our community and our country will

not be forgotten.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to thank the Golden Police Department for their devotion

to public service in the line of duty.