Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sorayda Santos as

California's 52nd Congressional District Constituent of the Month for

January 2025.
Sorayda is the co-chair of the nationally recognized Hermanitas

Program at MANA de San Diego, which empowers Latina middle and high

school students to reach their highest potential.
This program pairs

each student with a dedicated mentor to help guide them, inspire them,

and provide them with the support they need to succeed.
During her three years as co-chair of the Hermanitas Program, Sorayda

has increased the cohort size, improved seminar offerings, and built

lasting partnerships with community organizations.
Sorayda has also led

efforts to bring a new project management seminar to the program,

giving students a valuable, hands-on learning experience that will

benefit them for years to come.
In addition to leading the Hermanitas Program, Sorayda currently

mentors an eighth-grade student, demonstrating an unwavering commitment

to giving back.
Sorayda is an exceptional leader and mentor who works hard every day

to inspire the next generation of Latinas to dream big and achieve

greatness.
I can't think of a better person to have recognized during

National Mentorship Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALEX WILLIS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alex Willis of

Leadville, Colorado for winning the USA Triathlon Winter National

Championships in Breckenridge, Colorado.
Alex is a third-generation ultra-triathlete and a coach who competes

in snowshoeing, trail running, cycling, Nordic skiing, and more.
His

hard work paid off recently when he broke the tape with a time of

1:28:31 at the USA Triathlon Winter National Championships earning him

a spot in the World Championships to be held in Pontevedra, Spain next

year.
We are incredibly proud that he'll represent the United States at

this global event.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Alex Willis for his win at the 2025

Winter Triathlon National Championships, and join his friends and

family in rooting for his success at the World Championships.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
KIARA KUENZLER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Kiara

Kuenzler of Denver, Colorado for being named the Nexstar 2025

Remarkable Woman of Denver.
During her 7-year tenure as President and CEO, Dr. Kuenzler

positioned the Jefferson Center for Mental Health as a leading

community provider by expanding access to services and growing the

Center's workforce across the region.
Dr. Kuenzler recognized the need

to bring mental health services to people where they were at, so she

created partnerships with schools, medical practices, law enforcement,

and others to facilitate more than 150 outposts for substance use

disorder care.
She grew the Center's workforce by over 300 employees

and improved access to treatment for over 25,000 Coloradans in the

Front Range to ensure those in rural communities could access care.
Dr. Kuenzler earned this honor because of her dedication to expanding

mental health care services and her passion for helping people overcome

obstacles in their lives.
She'll be remembered as an important part of

the Jefferson Center's legacy.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Dr. Kiara Kuenzler for being recognized

as the ``2025 Remarkable Woman of Denver.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOHN CURTIS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Curtis for

his promotion to Chief of the South Metro Fire Department.
Deputy Chief John Curtis has served the South Metro Fire Department

for over twenty years.
In his previous position, John oversaw Emergency

Medical Services, dispatch, fleet services, and special operations.
His

educational background in organizational leadership, along with his

extensive on the job experience, has separated him from the other 76

applicants.