Mr. Speaker, Ahmari Taylor's contribution to the Dyett Eagles'

journey from near closure to state champions is an inspiring narrative

for us all.
It underscores the critical importance of supporting our

public schools and investing in programs that empower young people to

achieve their fullest potential.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

congratulating Ahmari Taylor and the entire Dyett High School boys'

basketball team on their momentous achievement and honoring them for

the inspiration they provide to communities across our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARRELL BULLOCK OF DYETT HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate an extraordinary achievement by a remarkable individual from

my district, Darrell Bullock, a dedicated Assistant Coach for the

Walter H. Dyett High School for the Arts boys' basketball team, the

Eagles.
This team achieved a historic victory, winning the 2024-2025

Illinois High School Association (IHSA) Class 2A State Championship

with a decisive 52-41 win over Althoff Catholic High School on March

15, 2025.
This championship is more than just a win on the court; it is a

profound testament to the resilience, determination, and unity of the

Dyett High School community and the vibrant Bronzeville neighborhood.
A

decade ago, Dyett faced the threat of closure, but through powerful

community advocacy and unwavering commitment, its doors remained open.
Today, the Eagles' triumph, shaped significantly by the guidance and

mentorship of coaches like Darrell Bullock, symbolizes the incredible

potential that flourishes when a community invests in its youth and its

institutions.
Assistant Coach Darrell Bullock, alongside Head Coach Jamaal Gill,

II, provided invaluable leadership, strategic insight, and unwavering

support throughout the season.
His dedication to developing these young

athletes,

both on and off the court, was instrumental in fostering the skill,

discipline, and teamwork that led to this historic victory.
His hard

work and commitment were integral to the team's success, culminating in

this well-deserved championship that brings immense pride and joy to

the school, the players, their families, and the entire community.
Mr. Speaker, Darrell Bullock's contribution to the Dyett Eagles'

journey from near closure to state champions is an inspiring narrative

for us all.
It underscores the critical importance of dedicated

educators and mentors in supporting our public schools and empowering

young people to achieve their fullest potential.
I ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating Assistant Coach Darrell Bullock and the

entire Dyett High School boys' basketball team on their momentous

achievement and honoring them for the inspiration they provide to

communities across our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GREG BIFFLE AND RECOGNIZING HIM FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE

HURRICANE HELENE RECOVERY EFFORT

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize North Carolina native

and NASCAR legend, Greg Biffle, for his courageous and selfless

contributions to the Hurricane Helene recovery effort.
In the wake of the chaos and destruction brought about by Hurricane

Helene, Mr. Biffle utilized his personal helicopter and piloting skills

to assist in emergency rescue efforts.
Without hesitation, Mr. Biffle

put himself in harm's way by flying into dangerous and unpredictable

areas of North Carolina to evacuate stranded individuals, deliver

supplies, and support first responders.
Mr. Biffle's decisive actions

directly contributed to relief efforts and brought aid to those in

need.
It is my honor to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Greg Biffle

for risking his personal safety to help those in need.
In a time of

great divide, Mr. Biffle's actions are a reminder of the unwavering

American spirit that exists throughout the great state of North

Carolina, and the country.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Mr. Greg Biffle for his

selfless actions in the wake of Hurricane Helene.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JAMAL GILL, II OF DYETT HIGH SCHOOL

HON.