Best wishes on this

momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 75 YEARS OF MANCHESTER VAMC

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 75th

anniversary of the VA Medical Center in Manchester, New Hampshire and

in celebration of 75 years of unwavering commitment to veteran health

care.
At the end of World War I, citizens of New Hampshire began advocating

for a local veterans hospital in order to properly honor Granite

Staters who bravely served their country.
After an extensive and hard-

fought campaign that made it all the way to Congress, the hospital was

granted approval and opened its doors on July 2, 1950.
For 75 years, the Manchester VA has provided compassionate care to

countless veterans and their families.
From physical therapy to mental

health care, the Manchester VA's comprehensive services help many

veterans to live happy and healthy lives.
The dedicated VA staff create

a supportive and encouraging environment where veterans feel empowered

to seek the medical help they need.
Guided by the needs of veterans and their families, the Manchester VA

remains committed to holistic treatment.
The Manchester VA's research

program is internationally recognized for the study and treatment of

post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other serious mental health

challenges.
A renowned teaching hospital, the Manchester VA actively

trains the next generation of caregivers to ensure that their important

work continues for years to come.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to congratulate the Manchester VA on 75 years of

devoted service to veterans and their families.
We are grateful for

your commitment to our community's veterans and I look forward to

continuing to support this vital work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AHMARI TAYLOR OF DYETT HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate an extraordinary achievement by a remarkable young man from

my district, Ahmari Taylor, a vital member of the Walter H. Dyett High

School for the Arts boys' basketball team, the Eagles.
This team

achieved a historic victory, winning the 2024-2025 Illinois High School

Association (IHSA) Class 2A State Championship with a decisive 52-41

win over Althoff Catholic High School on March 15, 2025.
This championship is more than just a win on the court; it is a

profound testament to the resilience, determination, and unity of the

Dyett High School community and the vibrant Bronzeville neighborhood.
A

decade ago, Dyett faced the threat of closure, but through powerful

community advocacy and unwavering commitment, its doors remained open.
Today, the Eagles' triumph, in which Ahmari Taylor played a crucial

role, symbolizes the incredible potential that flourishes when a

community invests in its youth and its institutions.
Ahmari Taylor, along with his teammates, demonstrated exceptional

skill, discipline, and teamwork throughout their season, navigating

challenges and competing at the highest level.
His hard work and

dedication were integral to the team's success, culminating in this

well-deserved championship that brings immense pride and joy to his

school, family, and the entire community.
I also extend my deepest gratitude to Head Coach Jamaal Gill, whose

visionary leadership and guidance steered the team to this historic

victory, and to Assistant Coaches Kimani Harris, Pierre Adams, and

Nathan Townsen, Jr., whose mentorship was vital to the players'

development.
Mr. Speaker, Ahmari Taylor's contribution to the Dyett Eagles'

journey from near closure to state champions is an inspiring narrative

for us all.
It underscores the critical importance of supporting our

public schools and investing in programs that empower young people to

achieve their fullest potential.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

congratulating Ahmari Taylor and the entire Dyett High School boys'

basketball team on their momentous achievement and honoring them for

the inspiration they provide to communities across our Nation.