Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the officers and crew of the USS Pierre (LCS 38) as they prepare for

the commissioning of their ship, the 19th and final Independence-

variant Littoral Combat Ship of the United States Navy.
The USS Pierre is the second Navy vessel to bear the name of South

Dakota's capital city.
Littoral combat ships are fast, agile, and

mission-focused, built to counter 21st-century coastal threats while

ensuring security and supporting joint operations across the globe.
The

men and women who serve aboard the USS Pierre will carry forward this

mission with dedication and distinction.
For the people of South Dakota, it is a great honor to see the name

Navy.
This ship and her crew will continue a proud legacy of service

that began with the first USS Pierre during World War II.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the

officers and crew of the newly commissioned USS Pierre (LCS 38).
We

honor their commitment and thank them for their service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 9, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.