JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today not only as a

Member of Congress, but as a geriatric nurse practitioner and an

advocate for our nurses across the Nation, to recognize the unyielding

composure of our emergency nurses during Emergency Nurses Week.
In the United States, it is federal law that an emergency room never

closes and that every person who comes to an ER receives care.
Day or

night, emergency nurses answer the call of duty--providing quality care

to patients in critical condition while operating in demanding, high-

stakes environments where every second counts.
Emergency nurses work

around the clock, caring for patients of all ages and across every

specialty--from cardiology and oncology to pediatrics and geriatrics.
Emergency nurses are heroes, often the first point of contact for

patients within the ER, and they provide comfort and attentive care

during an uncertain or stressful time for patients and their families.
Their critical thinking skills and their compassion for their patients

make their role essential for preserving our Nation's healthcare

system.
It is important that we give our emergency nurses the praise and

attention they deserve during Emergency Nurses Week to show our

appreciation for the dedication they have to our Nation's health and

for the millions of lives they touch on a daily basis.
We're forever

grateful for their sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FRANK ESTEN COOK III AND HIS SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY

HON.
SAM GRAVES

Mr. GRAVES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Frank Esten Cook

III and his service to his country.
Frank was born in Washington, D.C.

on March 25, 1963, and passed away in Richmond, Kentucky on September

13, 2025.
He was an avid outdoorsman, boater, and hunter.
Frank was a U.S. Army veteran and served his country as a

commissioned officer.
His first love, however, was serving as a non-

commissioned officer as a Blackhawk helicopter Crew Chief with the

160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (SOAR).
In 1994, Frank was awarded Night Stalker Soldier of the Year for

Outstanding Individual Contribution to Army Special Operation Aviation.
This award was sponsored by Robertson Research Group, Inc.

Frank was tough in every sense of the word, but he also cared deeply

for his friends, family, and country.
He would give you the shirt off

his back, if you really needed it.
He taught his family the value of

being tough and rolling with what life gives you.
He was fond of the

saying ``rub some dirt on it, you'll be fine'', which carries weight

with everyone who knew him.
Frank took immense pride in being a Night Stalker.
These men and

women are some of the best rotary wing aviator crews in the world.
Frank's attention to detail, his skills, and his tenacity drove him to

join this elite regiment.
Frank was very proud of both of his sons, Frank E. Cook IV (Frankie)

of Jersey City, NJ and Anthony Guidi of Aloha.
OR.
As Frankie says,

``My dad wouldn't want anyone to cry over him.''
So today Mr. Speaker,

we won't cry over him but rather honor this man as a veteran, a father,

a brother, a son, and an American.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE COMMISSION OF USS PIERRE (LCS 38)

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the officers and crew of the USS Pierre (LCS 38) as they prepare for

the commissioning of their ship, the 19th and final Independence-

variant Littoral Combat Ship of the United States Navy.
The USS Pierre is the second Navy vessel to bear the name of South

Dakota's capital city.
Littoral combat ships are fast, agile, and

mission-focused, built to counter 21st-century coastal threats while

ensuring security and supporting joint operations across the globe.