Title: CONGRATULATING DR.
STEVEN ASHBY ON HIS RETIREMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
166

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DR.
STEVEN ASHBY ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
DAN NEWHOUSE

Mr. NEWHOUSE.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Dr. Steven

Ashby on his retirement as Director of the Pacific Northwest National

Laboratory in Richland, Washington.
Since 2015, Dr. Ashby's leadership at PNNL has driven scientific

excellence and innovation, advancing the lab as a world leader in

science, national security, and energy research and development.
Dr. Ashby believes our biggest challenges cannot be solved alone, and

his tenure reflected that belief.
Having spent over a decade working to

expand the lab's reach with new partnerships and opportunities, he

transformed PNNL from a research lab to a world-class institution held

in the highest regards throughout the scientific community.
I also commemorate Dr. Ashby for his work on modernizing PNNL and

equipping the lab for the future.
Under his leadership, the campus

became a hub for new and emerging technologies, including the Energy

Sciences Center and the Grid Storage Launchpad, that will contribute to

research and innovation for decades to come.
Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Ashby for his willingness to work with

myself and members of the Washington Congressional Delegation.
We built

a strong relationship over the years and worked diligently to ensure

PNNL had the resources needed to not only be successful but excel in

their mission.
I wish Dr. Ashby the very best in his retirement and thank him for

his years of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO THE CITY OF BROWNSVILLE'S ENGINEERING AND

PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT FOR THEIR SERVICE TO OUR COMMUNITY

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the City of Brownsville's Engineering and Public Works Department for

their exemplary service following the severe storms that struck Cameron

County and devastated neighborhoods in Harlingen and surrounding areas

last spring.
In March of this year, our region received more than 20 inches of

heavy rainfall, which caused widespread flooding, damaged

infrastructure, and left countless families in need of urgent support.
During this crisis, the Brownsville Engineering and Public Works

Department deployed staff, equipment, and expertise to assist flood-

impacted communities.
Their crews worked tirelessly, operating pumps,

heavy machinery, and other resources to help remove water from our

streets and restore accessibility for residents.
Their work provided

not only critical relief, but also a sense of hope to our neighbors in

Harlingen.
This effort was not theirs alone.
The Brownsville Police Department

served more than 600 hot meals to affected families at

Laureles County Park.
Meanwhile the Brownsville Fire Department stood

alongside residents to safeguard their health and safety.
Together,

these coordinated actions reflect the best of who we are in South

Texas--neighbors helping neighbors, united through compassion and

service.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of South Texas, I wish to extend my deepest

gratitude to the Brownsville Engineering and Public Works Department,

along with all the city staff who answered the call to serve.
Their

dedication and solidarity in times of hardship embody the very spirit

of community that makes the Rio Grande Valley strong.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BROOKE L. ROLLINS AS A 2025 SHE LEADS AMERICA CHRISTIAN WOMAN

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brooke L.

Rollins as a 2025 She Leads America Young Christian Woman of

Distinction award recipient.
Brooke L. Rollins is the 33rd U.S. Secretary of Agriculture and only

the second woman in history to serve in this role.
A native of Glen

Rose, Texas, she brings decades of leadership in law, policy, and

public service.
Most recently, she was the Founder, President, and CEO

of the America First Policy Institute (AFPI).