David was born in a small town in Slovakia in 1929.
At age 11, after

witnessing the murder of his father, he and his family were rounded up

by the Nazis and sent to the Auschwitz death camp.
He survived the hell

of Auschwitz, and even a transfer to Buchenwald.
But the entire rest of

his family; his

mother, father, sisters, brother, aunts, uncles and cousins were all

brutally killed in the Holocaust--105 family members in total.
After

the war, as a lone survivor, David fled to Prague and eventually came

to America in 1950.
He learned English in only nine weeks and graduated

from UCLA with a degree in industrial engineering.
David was a shining spiritual light even though he experienced such

horror and despair.
He spent his life sharing his story with others

with the hope that it would end the scourges of antisemitism, hate, and

violence.
He became a national spokesperson on behalf of survivors,

visited schools in 18 states to educate our young people, and remained

active and engaged until very recently, having testified before the

U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging on the subject Never Again:

Addressing the Rise of Antisemitism and Supporting Older Americans.
At home, David co-founded the Holocaust Memorial in Miami Beach that

has served as a cornerstone for Holocaust education for South

Floridians and visitors from around the world.
This lion in our midst

was a relentless and powerful advocate for the Holocaust survivor

community and a true Zionist, a supporter of the state of Israel as the

rightful homeland of the Jewish people.
He was an icon who used his

experiences to teach us all about the perils of antisemitism, so the

words ``Never Again'' have meaning.
His work on behalf of survivors was inspiring, and I was proud to

call him my friend.
My heart is with David's wife Sydney, his children,

grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.
May his memory be for a

blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE OUTSTANDING SERVICE OF THE BROWNSVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and honor the outstanding service of the Brownsville Police Department

during the historic flooding that struck South Texas earlier this year.
In just two days, our community in South Texas was hit with nearly a

year's worth of rainfall.
The city of Harlingen was hit especially

hard, receiving over twenty inches of rain, which left vehicles

stranded, streets flooded, and many residents without power or access

to food.
In response to this natural disaster, the Brownsville Police

Department answered the call for help.
Partnering with The Salvation

Army, they served over 600 hot meals to families in need.
Their swift

action and compassion provided critical relief to families struggling

in the aftermath of the storm.
Mr. Speaker, this cross-city partnership

is a powerful reminder of our region's resilience and commitment to

service.
When disaster struck, the Brownsville Police Department

stepped up when our community needed them the most, exemplifying the

highest standards of service and solidarity.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful South Texas, I am proud to honor

the brave men and women of the Brownsville Police Department for their

exemplary heroism during a devastating flood.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EMERGENCY NURSES WEEK

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today not only as a

Member of Congress, but as a geriatric nurse practitioner and an

advocate for our nurses across the Nation, to recognize the unyielding

composure of our emergency nurses during Emergency Nurses Week.
In the United States, it is federal law that an emergency room never

closes and that every person who comes to an ER receives care.