This is the first time in history that the Equality and Human Rights Commission has decided to investigate whether a Secretary of State has “committed unlawful acts” by discriminating against disabled people as a result of the way that the Government have run the benefit system.
According to a report by the all-party parliamentary group for health in all policies, it may have led to “the deaths of vulnerable claimants, by suicide and other causes”.
Yesterday, appearing before the Work and Pensions Committee, the Secretary of State feigned surprise at the Equality and Human Rights Commission taking that unprecedented step, yet he previously claimed that he and his Department were close to securing a legally binding agreement to uphold disabled people’s rights.
I wonder what has changed.
Will the Minister recognise the seriousness of her predicament and apologise to disabled people for her Department’s obvious reluctance to engage meaningfully with the Equality and Human Rights Commission?
Why has her Department presided over a benefit system  that the commission believes could be unlawfully discriminating against disabled people?
Will she take the opportunity to apologise to all those disabled people who have had their life torn apart by her Department’s potentially illegal administration of the benefit system?
Let me first reflect on the Secretary of State’s appearance at the Select Committee.
I reiterate that, as he said yesterday, the investigation of the Department is based on a suspicion that something has occurred; that is not in and of itself conclusive proof.
The DWP rightly takes its obligations under the Equality Act 2010, including the public sector equality duty, incredibly seriously, and will continue to co-operate with the commission on its investigation.
I hope that helps the hon.
Lady.
We want everyone in the DWP to be able to support customers in an appropriate manner, according to the individual’s needs.
Our mental health training and reasonable adjustments guidance helps to empower our colleagues by giving them the skills to support every customer.
It has been the greatest privilege of my life to have been in the most amazing, life-changing Department for almost all of the last five years.
We are fully committed to listening to our customers and their representatives about their needs, and to learning from them.
Of course people will be concerned about the EHRC’s response, and the Department is genuinely disappointed, because we are constantly learning; work is ongoing to strengthen guidance and training through continuous improvement activity.
Our colleagues are local people who live in their community.
They know their community and what people need.
Whether people are coming through the door are from a local special school, have been made redundant, or have a health condition, DWP staff know those people and want to reassure them.
We will continue to give them the necessary tools, and have confidence that our Department will respond in the right way to our most vulnerable customers.
As I depart this House as a Conservative MP, I thank you, Sir Roger, for your service and mentoring over my years here.
Will the Minister make sure that in the response to the investigation, those working in jobcentres and DWP offices across the country are given the support that they need to do their job?
In West Suffolk, they do that job excellently, brilliantly led by Julia Nix, who frankly deserves an honour.
It has been a pleasure to work with those people.
When the Minister considers the investigation, will she look not only at physical disabilities, including engagement with those who support wheelchair use, but hidden disabilities such as neurodivergent conditions, to the extent that they are disabilities, and ensure that they are at the heart of the response?