Can the Secretary of State, or anyone else on the Tory Benches, honestly tell the young people in Bristol and across the UK that they are better off, after 14 years of Conservative failures on youth services, failures on education and failures on skills development, than they would be under a Government led by Keir Starmer and a changed Labour party?
Absolutely.
This Government have supported young people through education in outstanding schools—80% of young people get an outstanding education.
We are up in the PISA—programme for international student assessment—tables for education.
As I said, 300,000 young people have been given opportunities in the creative industries, which the hon.
Member fails to mention.
Employment is up in the creative industries, and we have doubled the number of people employed and doubled the revenues.
Labour voted against our creative industries tax relief every single time.
What steps she is taking to support the participation of women and girls in sport.
What steps she is taking to support the participation of women and girls in sport.
We have a number of individual initiatives to support the participation of women and girls in sport.
The national physical activity taskforce is working across Government to ensure that women and girls get more active.
We have established the Board of Women’s Sport to identify challenges and opportunities across women’s sport, and we are fully supporting Karen Carney’s recommendations to lift standards and deliver sustainable growth for women’s football.
As you know, Mr Speaker, football is a great sport in which both boys and girls can participate.
Walsall Football Club Foundation does fantastic work to encourage and enthuse schools in my constituency to participate through initiatives such as Let Girls Play.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that this is exactly what we need to do to encourage more grassroots sport for girls?
Will she also join me in congratulating the boys team at Cooper and Jordan School on recently winning the Utilita kids cup final at Wembley?
I am delighted to congratulate the boys team, and to commend all the work done in local schools to encourage girls to get more involved in sport.
That is why the Government are committed to equal access to physical education and sport in schools, so that girls are able to participate in whatever sport they like.
If they want to play cricket, football or rugby, they should be entitled to do so.
And it is why the Department for Education has published guidance on how to deliver a minimum of two hours a week of quality PE, alongside over £600 million of funding for primary PE and sport through the sport premium.
There is no greater exemplar of encouraging women and girls into sport than the motorsport sector.
From Susie Wolff’s F1 academy and Discover Your Drive to Motorsport UK’s Girls on Track scheme, the sector is discovering British talent like Abbi Pulling, who won both races in Miami in the F1 academy and then, the very next weekend, won the British F4 race here in the UK.
And that is before I get on to the engineering and design roles.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that motorsport shows the way for other sports to follow?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend on the huge value of motorsport.
I congratulate motorsport on its Girls on Track scheme, which is getting more girls and women into sport.
I highlight and re-emphasise his point that motorsport is not just about the sport itself; it is a huge powerhouse for research and development that builds and supports innovation.
I draw attention to my recent appointment to the board of Llanelli Scarlets.
I pay tribute to both Front Bench teams for the cross- party work in this House, because women’s and girls’ sport is really important.
Will the Secretary of State join me in celebrating the activity of girls and women in sport?
Whoever is in government next, we will continue to work across parties to ensure that the rights of all women and girls are upheld in sport.
I could not agree more.
We do quite a lot of important cross-party work in this House.
One of the things I have been most proud to be involved with in this role is supporting the women’s football team and women in sport.
It was phenomenal to go to Australia to see the women’s team almost win the World cup, and it has been phenomenal to see the work that the Lionesses and former Lionesses have done to spotlight that.
We are at a very exciting point for women’s football, and the Government are continuing to support it in so many different ways.