First, it is right that the fundamental Reithian principles of public service broadcasting are reinstated, and it is important that educational programming for children and young people has an explicit basis in the Bill.
Labour has spoken in detail at every stage of the Bill about the importance of children’s access to public service content, including educational content.
As we enter a general election, our media—be they our public service broadcasters, our commercial radio and television stations or our local media outlets, including my local paper, the Barnsley Chronicle—will play an incredibly important role in holding accountable all of us who stand for public office.
Our media and broadcasting sector will, and always does, play a fundamental role in our society and democracy.
I am pleased that this legislation, which will secure their future, will enter into statute.
As we enter the election period, I send colleagues from across the House my very best wishes, including, of course, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halifax (Holly Lynch) .
I especially mention those who are retiring, including the Deputy Speakers: my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster Central (Dame Rosie Winterton) , and  the right hon.
Member for Epping Forest (Dame Eleanor Laing) .
As the Session draws to a close, I would like to express my personal thanks to Sir Roger Gale for his stalwart service as an additional Deputy Speaker.
On behalf of the whole House, and in particular the other Deputy Speakers, I want to express our profound gratitude to Sir Roger for his unflappable demeanour in the Chair, his wise procedural counsel behind the scenes and, most of all, his warm friendship.
As we go into the election, today will be his last day.
I also wish to say a few words of appreciation for Liam Laurence Smyth, who is stepping aside from his role as Clerk of Legislation this week and moving to a part-time role in the Chamber Business Team.
Colin Lee, most recently the managing director of the Select Committee Team, will become Clerk of Legislation from  1 June .
Liam has been a House of Commons Clerk for over 40 years.
His extensive procedural and Committee experience included a period as Clerk of the Journals.
Most recently, he has overseen the work of the Public Bill Office, during challenging and complex times, and he has worked tirelessly to ensure that all Members have access to high-quality and timely advice on legislation.
Liam is skilful at sharing his knowledge, both with colleagues here and overseas.
I want to thank him personally for the advice that he has given me as Speaker over the years, and I am delighted to say that he will continue to sit regularly at the Clerk’s Table.
He is an institution.
Hear, hear.