Will the Minister answer my question?
I am just trying to.
I met a company that is working to ensure that NHS buildings are more accessible, so the DWP understands that.
The hon.
Lady asked whether I really believed that the UK could be the best place in which to be a disabled person, in terms of accessibility and opportunity.
We are engaging and learning in the context of a changing labour market and changing needs.
As for her earlier point, we in the DWP want every customer to be supported, and we are committed to providing a compassionate service for all.
We take our obligations under the Equality Act 2010 extremely seriously, and that includes the public sector equality duty.
We will, of course, continue to co-operate with the commission’s investigation.
I stand by my comment that we are disappointed to be in this position.
We often deal with tragic and complex cases, and our sympathies are always with the families concerned.
We will continue to review and learn about processes in order to understand better why the commission is taking this action.
Navigating the benefits system is difficult enough for able-bodied people, but for those who become disabled because of illness or accidents, it becomes a virtual nightmare, just at the point when they need the system the most.
Also, many  employers concentrate on what people cannot do, rather than what they can do.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on the work being done to ensure that people, particularly those who suffer disability owing to illness or accidents, receive the benefits that they need at their time of greatest crisis?
We are rolling out our WorkWell service, and we have universal support as well.
Fifteen integrated care systems will pilot WorkWell; the pilots will be locally designed to fit local needs, and will be linked to our existing work and health systems.
Work will be done throughout London.
I am not sure whether that will include my hon.
Friend’s part of London; I am sure that we will be able to let him know.
As I mentioned, my dad became disabled and was not used to navigating the benefits system.
That happens to many people.
Many think that people are born with disablement, but it can be acquired as a result of accidents or incidents.
The gov.uk website gives information about the benefits calculator and the Citizens Advice help to claim service, and encourages people to see a disability employment adviser.
My hon.
Friend asked what more could be done.
Notwithstanding the great support provided by programmes such as Access to Work, there is more that can be done, but that safety net is there to protect people when they are at their most vulnerable, whatever the reason.
Disabled people’s confidence in the Department is at a terribly low ebb.
We were originally told that these negotiations would be concluded within a few months, but in fact, as the Minister has told us, they dragged on for three years, and they failed.
The commission has told me that now that negotiations have ended, there are no restrictions on what the Department can say about what was happening during those negotiations.
At the very least, we need some explanation from the Department of why it has not been possible to reach an agreement.
Can the Minister give us that explanation now?