The Department for Culture, Media and Sport is responsible for listing buildings of special architectural or historic interest, giving them enhanced protection.
The Department and its arm’s length bodies also provide significant financial support for heritage buildings, including through Historic England’s £95 million high streets heritage action zones programme.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer and thank her for her kind words.
I pay tribute to Halifax Civic Trust, which does so much great work in my constituency and has some amazing heritage buildings, not least the magnificent Piece Hall.
However, we have others that developers have bought and sat on, refusing to invest in them, engage or release them to other interested parties.
What else might we be able to do to force them to engage and release those buildings if they are not going to invest?
I spoke to my noble Friend the heritage Minister in preparation for this question and in doing so got to know a bit more about Piece Hall, a fantastic heritage site in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
I commend the work of all local activists to protect that building and bring it into public use.
It is a wonderful example of an 18th century northern cloth hall, which now has a modern purpose.
We are very grateful for the work that has gone into it.
She may be aware that we also have the cultural development fund, which has allowed communities across the country to retain important public buildings with heritage value, repurpose them and breathe life into the communities that most need them.
On the subject of heritage buildings, may I add my own thanks to yours, Mr Speaker, to the Clerk of Legislation, Liam Laurence Smyth, who really is an institution in this place?
He was for many years a close colleague of my late father-in-law, Stephen Panton, who served this House as a Clerk for 33 years.
Mr Laurence Smyth has done a great deal for many of us in this House and has been personally enormously helpful to me.
While I am still in order, Mr Speaker, and on the subject of heritage buildings, does the Minister agree that for many people in South Norfolk the Diss Express feels like a heritage building and should be protected and celebrated accordingly?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the Diss Express, which I presume is a heritage railway— It is a local newspaper.
It is a local newspaper—I do apologise.
Resign!
Perhaps it is not too risky to say that I would consider doing so, but I appreciate my hon.
Friend highlighting that wonderful organisation in his constituency.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the swimming pool support fund on local pools and leisure facilities.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the swimming pool support fund on local pools and leisure facilities.
Responding to concerns that we heard from the sector, in 2023-24, the Government have awarded more than £60 million to address cost pressures facing public swimming pools and improve energy efficiency in the long term.
I put on record my thanks to the Minister’s Department for the considerable sum of funding—£382,000 —that has been made available to Redditch to level up swimming pool and leisure facilities in my constituency.
That comes on the back of £16.5 million of town deal funding, as well as £5 million of culture funding.
Does she agree that significant representations have resulted in a meaningful commitment to level up Redditch within this Parliament?
Does she agree that mental health and wellbeing are a key part of that?
My sex has obviously changed, but I certainly agree with my hon.
Friend.
I pay tribute to her for the enormous campaigning she has done on behalf of her constituents in Redditch in securing that significant investment.
I agree that getting people active is vital to improving their physical and mental health.
That is exactly why we are investing this historic amount of money in grassroots facilities and have published the new “Get Active” strategy, which sets out our ambition to get 3.5 million more people active by 2030.
Aqua Vale swimming and fitness centre in Aylesbury has a prime location in the heart of town, but I am sorry to say it is starting to show its age.
The announcement of £240,000 from this Conservative Government to improve the facilities there is superb news.
Will my right hon.
Friend highlight to Aylesbury residents the benefit that this investment will now bring to my constituents?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on campaigning hard on behalf of his constituency and securing that £240,000 for a leisure centre that was feeling  its age—I think I know how it feels.
We know how important pools are for our communities, which is why we are providing this funding.
At Aqua Vale, the installation of solar panels will improve energy efficiency and contribute to significant savings, ensuring that leisure centre for the people of Aylesbury to stay fit and healthy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I reiterate my thanks to the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew)  and Lord Parkinson for the significant support they have given me throughout my time as Secretary of State.
DCMS is a team and without their phenomenal work we would not have been able to achieve what we have over the past 18 months or so, so I just wanted to say thank you to them.
Over the past 14 years, the Conservative party in government has helped transform the creative industries.
There have been 1 million new jobs since 2010 and the economic value of the creative industries has doubled, to over £124 billion in 2022, powered by investment and tax breaks that Opposition Members voted against every single time.
Unlike the Labour party, we have set out a plan to go further, to grow the creative industries by an additional £50 billion and add another million extra jobs by 2030.
That is the choice voters will face in July: a clear Conservative plan for growth or back to square one with Labour.