I hope that it is in order for me to thank all the ministerial team for when they have been absolutely courteous to us and when we have been able to work together on matters.
I particularly pay tribute to the Under-Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew) , who is not only a gent, but a champ.
However, we have two music venues closing every week; British artists prevented from touring in Europe; the UK art market falling from second to third in the world; A-level music students down by 45%; museums  and galleries struggling with the cost of living; ballerinas told to retrain; theatre and opera touring slashed; and an apprenticeship levy that does not work for the creative industries.
Was that all part of the plan?
Or, in the words of RuPaul, is it not time for this appalling Government to sashay away?
There are tax reliefs for every subsector of the creative industries.
Whether it is film, studios, independent film or grassroots support, we have supported the creative industries at every level.
We have a plan from the first day of primary school to the last day of work.
That is what we are doing for our sectors.
The reputation of Torbay’s iconic tourism sector has been badly hit by recent events relating to local water supplies.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about ensuring that support is provided and paid for by South West Water to compensate for that?
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , whom I met earlier this week, is very engaged in this issue, and our stakeholders in the south-west and Visit England are looking into any necessary information that they can give to tourists.
They will continue to keep that under review, but I empathise deeply with local businesses, particularly tourism businesses, and residents.
It is important to say that the majority of those businesses in Brixham were not affected by this outbreak.
It is a wonderful place to visit.
It has a fantastic local MP, and I am sure that he will provide everybody who visits the region with a very warm welcome.