Full transparency and accountability are imperative so that the mistakes of the past are never repeated; we know about that from all the other investigations that have been taking place recently.
If it does transpire that either the DWP or the Secretary of State, or both, have breached equality law, the strongest possible action must be taken.
It is the least those who have suffered at the hands of this Government deserve.
I have spoken over the years to many disability organisations and they are appalled at how disabled people are treated, as am I.
The United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities rapporteur has concluded that the UK Government have “failed to take all appropriate measures to address grave and systematic violations of the human rights of persons with disabilities”.
That is a further black mark against this Government.
I have said it time and again: the UK Government must change course from their cruel and demonising approach to disabled people and start supporting them in the way being done in Scotland.
The words dignity, fairness and respect mean something to disabled people in Scotland.
The Scottish social security system is designed to treat people with dignity, fairness and respect.
When on earth will this Government, or the likely following Labour Government, start doing that in the UK?
It is an absolute and utter disgrace.
The proposed welfare reforms are dangerous and look to slash disabled people’s incomes during an ongoing cost of living crisis, when disabled people are already facing higher living costs.
More people are being pushed into insecure and unsafe work and the Government are undermining the principle of an extra costs benefit for disabled people.
Now we have this EHRC investigation.
How can the Minister possibly defend her Government’s ongoing assault on disabled rights just to cut costs?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
We have much we agree about and real mutual respect, and I know her concerns come from the heart.
I reiterate that we are a compassionate Department, welcoming to all, and we are keen to get insights and learnings.
I have given evidence on that, most recently to the Select Committee, making it clear that we are a learning Department focused on individuals.
In fact, our trauma-informed approach is testament to that.
I recently saw that in Hastings, and it is being rolled out in South Yorkshire, Plymouth and all our DWP innovation hubs to successfully drive a programme of understanding into our core business areas, including the child maintenance area and service areas.
From a meeting with my DWP colleagues, I know what a big difference it makes.
We engage right across the UK with a multi-agency approach.
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to know that I recently met the independent reviewer of the personal independence payment and benefits—there is that process in Scotland—for a mutual learning and understanding experience.
Reforms that are being brought out are about disabled people’s voices being fully heard and understood, whether that is through our national disability strategy or our action plan this year.
I also recently engaged with the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, Nicole Jacobs, who covers England and Wales, and this gives me a chance to pay tribute to her.
We have been trying hard to understand tragic and complex cases.
Our sympathies are always with the families, and we will continue those internal process reviews.
I hope that the Chairman of the Select Committee,  the right hon.
Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , will reflect on the useful evidence that was given.
We have a growing number of visiting officers for some of the most vulnerable—we currently have 500—and we have 200 dedicated prison work coaches.
I want anybody watching, studying or reading this urgent question to approach us and talk to us.
Many people become involved with the DWP at the most challenging times of their lives.
We are here to help people, whether through our youth hubs or our disability work coaches.
Please tell us what is going on.
We can link people to the right agencies, and we are determined to understand what the commission is thinking and feeling and to work with it.
My hon.
Friend the Minister will be aware of the work that my Select Committee has done around the national disability strategy, but I specifically draw her attention to the words of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  earlier this week: nothing about me without me.
What reassurance can the Minister give me that disabled people will be fully included in the ongoing consultation on personal independence payments?
What reassurance can she give me that she continues to work with Disability Confident to ensure that disabled people are enabled to move into work and supported when they are in work?
What reassurance can she give me that the victims of contaminated blood, sodium valproate, Primodos, and mesh will not be subject to ongoing assessments year after year to make sure that they continue their entitlement to benefits?
What reassurance can she give me that she agrees that inclusion is not wokery, and that including disabled people is crucial to ensuring that their rights are upheld?
I was looking forward to giving evidence to my right hon.
Friend on many of these matters, alongside my hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment.
Indeed, there was work to come forward on Disability Confident, Access to Work, the disability employment goal and much more.
I point my right hon.
Friend to action we have taken, including just this week.
There is the Government-backed lilac review on disabled entrepreneurs, which is absolutely about listening to disabled people and having them at the heart of the conversation.
Fantastic engagement on British Sign Language, fully in BSL, has been at the heart of that.
There has also been the PIP consultation and the wider reform conversation.
We have also brought forward the Buckland review.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about inclusion.
It works because when it is embedded, it is right for the bottom line of the business, the organisation and the community.
It is not a “nice to do” and it is not woke; it is what we should be doing.