I know what a great champion my hon.
Friend is on this issue.
Unfortunately, the Church Commissioners themselves do not have any land in North Devon that is being considered for housing at the moment, but I will put her in touch with the diocese of Exeter to see whether it has opportunities in its own land portfolio.
As I said, I know what a big issue this is in North Devon, and how important it is for my hon.
Friend, who has been working on it passionately, so we will do what we can to help.
What recent assessment the Church of England has made of the adequacy of the support offered by dioceses to a parish in an interregnum.
During an interregnum, a diocese will usually arrange for clergy in neighbouring parishes and across the local deanery to take services and to be available to support the church wardens and the parochial church council.
It is important that those local volunteers are well supported during an interregnum, when they lack the visible and present leadership of a parish priest.
My hon.
Friend will know that the combined parishes of St Paul’s and Christ Church serve a large part of Paignton but are currently in interregnum.
As he outlined, during interregnums, lay ministers and church wardens have to step forward.
What extra support does the Church make available to them when they do so?
It is typical of my hon.
Friend to take this level of interest in his clergy and churches, as I know he does regularly.
I can tell him that the diocese of Exeter has produced a guide to help church wardens and the parochial church council, and a duty of pastoral care is clearly owed to all those who keep the church going in the absence of a minister.
The best help that Christ Church and St Paul’s, Paignton can receive is for that vacancy to be really well advertised.
Having done a bit of research on that church, I can see that the new incumbent would inherit a dynamic worshipping congregation on the beautiful English riviera—I am pleased to be able to provide some free advertising for that tremendous opportunity.
I hope that parish priests looking for an exciting new opportunity will be flocking to Christ Church and St Paul’s, Paignton to take up that one.
What recent assessment the Church of England has made of the impact of Church schools on the level of educational attainment in (a) Cleethorpes constituency and (b) England.
The Church of England educates more than 1 million children in its 4,700 schools in England.
My hon.
Friend must be particularly proud of the fact that all Church of England schools in his constituency are currently rated “good” by Ofsted.
I recently visited three of the Church schools in my Cleethorpes constituency, and I was impressed by how they are influenced by their connections with the Church.
The website of New Holland Church of England and Methodist Primary School says: “As a church school, New Holland…seeks to live out the church’s philosophy of ‘Valuing all God’s children’ paying particular attention to our Christian Vision, ‘Looking forward with hope.
Flourishing.
Doing all the good we can’” and staying true to “our core Christian values”.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that those words exemplify the values of Church schools and what they can bring to their local communities?
The fact that those three Church schools are rated “good”, including New Holland primary, which my hon.
Friend has visited, shows that they provide not just excellent teaching, which is really appreciated by parents—such schools are generally oversubscribed—but a caring and nurturing environment, as he rightly says.
That is well encapsulated by the values of New Holland primary school, which he read out just now.
I am grateful to him for highlighting their excellent record, and I think that we all pass on our thanks to those schools.
What steps the Church of England is taking to provide funding to parish churches.
Parish ministry is at the heart of all that the Church of England does.
Between 2023 and 2025, the Church Commissioners are distributing £1.2 billion to support our mission and ministry.
That is a 30% increase on the previous three-year period, and the lion’s share of that funding goes to dioceses to strengthen and grow local ministry in parishes and worshipping communities.
In addition, the commissioners wish to maintain that level of funding over the next six years, which would mean £3.6 billion being distributed between 2023 and 2031.
I am grateful for that very encouraging information, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done during this Parliament on behalf of the Church Commissioners.
He has been unfailingly assiduous and courteous—almost holy—in the conduct of his work on behalf of the Church.
Does my hon.
Friend share my concern about the forced amalgamation of parishes that many dioceses across the country are undertaking?
Vibrant and viable local churches in dioceses such as Liverpool are being  offered the invidious choice of either surrendering their autonomy to become part of new mega-parishes or giving up access to resources from the centre—resources that they themselves contribute to the centre.
As my hon.
Friend has said and implied, surely the whole value of the Church of England is in the local parish system, not in its regional bureaucracies.
Can he tell the House how the Church of England will continue to ensure the integrity of our parish system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
He is right to highlight to the House that there are pressures in some areas, and he is also right to point out that the parish network across the whole of England—across every one of our constituencies in England—is extremely precious.
We must do everything we can to preserve it, and I make that point at every opportunity.
I know that many Members of Parliament, including my hon.
Friend, also make that point regularly, and that message has been heard at the top of the Church, which is why we are putting the vast majority of our funding back down into parishes.
Of course, we are also encouraging parishes to do what they can to raise money at the local level, but my hon.
Friend’s point is absolutely right.