The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— What recent progress the Commission has made on using digital tools to support the work of hon.
Members.
First, may I just say to Sir Charles that I am sorry you are stepping down?
I thank you for all you have done.
You have been a wonderful servant of this House, and I thank you for everything, including your service on the Commission.
Thank you for that, Mr Speaker.
It has been a great privilege to serve with you on the Commission, and it has been such an honour to be in this amazing institution and to serve my country in the way I have, with the wonderful people here.
Gosh, I wasn’t going to get sentimental.
Since my last answer on this issue in February 2024, the Parliamentary Digital Service has been assessing Microsoft’s generative AI toolset, Copilot, which includes artificial intelligence for mailboxes.
That tool will aid Members and staff in their management of day-to-day administrative activities across Microsoft 365 applications.
PDS is conducting further necessary technical work, and it is expected that a trial of the new capability will start with Members before the end of the year.
I am not sure if it is Nokia compatible, but if it is, I hope it can be put on my Nokia.
Mr Speaker, I echo your tribute to  the hon.
Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker) , and thank him for his service on the House of Commons Commission and his engagement with me on this subject on many occasions.
During the dark days of covid, Mr Speaker, when many did not believe that a digital Parliament was possible and some did not want the continued scrutiny, you and I, and the House officials and the Digital Service, worked together to move Parliament online over the course of just one recess.
That was an immense achievement, and I pay tribute to you and to the Digital Service for that.
Does the hon.
Member for Broxbourne agree that while Labour will be campaigning for the change that Britain so desperately needs, the Digital Service will be working to ensure that AI, open source, cloud and all the other digital innovations are at the disposal of Members of the new Parliament to support them in their work?
PDS and the security services are working really hard to make sure that the House gets it right.
There is so much opportunity presented by AI, but given the sensitive and important positions that we hold and that future colleagues will hold, we have to make sure that we get it right so that we are advantaging our constituents, not our enemies.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church of England is taking to increase the number of academy schools it sponsors.
The Church of England is already the biggest provider of academies in England, with 1,770 academies and 280 multi-academy trusts.
Each diocese across England will have its own academisation plans.
These schools include pupils of all faiths and none, and they are committed to serving the whole community.
There is a growing need for special education, particularly in the New Forest.
What can the Church do to assist in my constituency?
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who has had a long-standing interest in these and other Church matters.
He is right in what he says because, with two thirds of special schools at or over capacity, the recent decision to allow faith education providers to run special schools will enable the Church of England to alleviate some of those pressures and give families more choice and opportunity in the New Forest as well as across the whole of England.
I would say that our strong ethos of community care makes our schools well suited to providing a nurturing environment for all children with special educational needs.
What steps the Church of England is taking to provide support for people in Gaza.
The Church of England calls for the immediate release of the hostages in Gaza and an end to the fighting, which has caused the loss of so many  lives and caused so much suffering to the Palestinians.
The diocese of Jerusalem and the worldwide Anglican communion continue to support financially the al-Ahli Anglican Hospital in Gaza City, which, as I know from the diocese of Jerusalem synod last week, is still operating with the wonderful medics in it and is still providing care.