My hon.
Friend will know that the diocese of Gloucester has been very supportive of those in need—whether asylum seekers, refugees or, indeed, the homeless and rough sleepers in our city of Gloucester.
Will he therefore join me in congratulating it on the fact that the planning approval for its first modular housing in Gloucester—with six modular homes—should go through Gloucester City Council imminently, and that more will be coming soon to help people in need?
I think the question may also be about the help that Gloucester’s diocese has given to the people of Gaza.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend, and he is right that—both in Gaza and Gloucester—there is absolutely the need for significant reconstruction.
I know that he has been a long-term advocate of that in Gloucester, and I commend the work he has done with the Bishop of Gloucester.
Of course, there will also be a massive need for reconstruction in Gaza, which we all want to see.
Thank you.
The hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of disinformation on the integrity of elections.
The committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission recognises the risk posed to the integrity of elections by disinformation and misinformation, and it is contributing to efforts across the public sector, including other regulators and the Government, to guard against negative impacts.
The legal regime the commission regulates is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent, and that campaigning material includes an imprint showing voters who has produced the material.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, but it encourages all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
That is good to hear, but we have heard there will be a lot of attempted disinformation around the US presidential elections in the coming months, so what assessment has the Electoral Commission actually   made of the risks of holding a UK general election at a time when there will be a greatly increased risk of hostile disinformation campaigns, with what appear to be grass- roots Facebook groups on low emission zones recently being exposed as having been set up by Conservatives’ staff members?
The commission’s role is to ensure the financing of campaigns is transparent; it does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, such as by preventing the use of deepfakes.
The commission has highlighted that if additional regulatory responsibility for campaign material were given to a UK regulator, these powers would need careful consideration.
Regulating the content of campaign material would require a new legal framework; the commission does not have experience or expertise of such a framework and believes such work would be better managed by other organisations.
10.35 am (Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions if he will make a statement on the Equality and Human Rights Commission investigation into the treatment of disabled people on benefits.
It is a pleasure to be called to the Dispatch Box to respond for the Department for Work and Pensions this morning.
The Department is absolutely committed to providing services through which every customer, including disabled people and our most vulnerable claimants, can experience fair opportunity and access to our services to ensure they get the support they need.
The Department has been in negotiations with the EHRC since 2021 on this matter.
It is disappointing that we have not been able to come to a mutually agreeable position.
As the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions stated yesterday during his Select Committee appearance, our existing legal advice and understanding is that both the EHRC and the DWP are still bound by confidentiality.
We are seeking further clarity on what we can share, so I will not discuss those negotiations further.
While I do not believe an investigation is necessary, we at the Department do of course take the EHRC’s concerns seriously.
We welcome the focus now provided in the terms of reference.
We will work constructively with the commission in its investigation to better understand its concerns.
I hope the investigation will provide a deeper insight into some of the most complex cases that the Department deals with.
Of course, if any improvements are identified by the commission we will, rightly, take steps to address them.