The Guardian reports that, as a result of the Conservative Government’s Brexit deal, the costs of touring in the EU are now so high that 74% fewer UK bands are now touring there.
The UK touring scene is all the more valuable for musicians and bands now, but opportunities to perform here are being lost, as music venues and festivals are forced to close due to rocketing operational costs.
Does the Secretary of State see just how the Government have failed the music industry?
Is it not time for a Labour Government, who will support our excellent musicians, our venues and our festivals?
I appreciate the hon.
Member raising the concerns of the music industry because we, too, very much want to support it.
When I first joined the Department, the industry was very vocal about some of the challenges of touring, and we methodically worked through those challenges to make sure that some of them were eased.
We have also supported grassroots venues.
However, I often wonder whether, when Labour Members raise these points in the Chamber, they do not have an ulterior motive.
I am keen to see whether they will put in their own local manifestos their desire to rejoin the European Union.
In my constituency, I have many local grassroots football teams, including Newton Aycliffe, which has just achieved the highest league position in their history, and Ferryhill Town youth, which is looking to provide disability access.
Both of them have been well supported by Newton Youth and the local respectively, but does the Minister agree how critical it is that money flows down the football pyramid, and will she congratulate Newton Aycliffe on their achievements and commend the local paper for its backing?
I commend Newton Aycliffe and Ferryhill Town youth football clubs for their recent successes, both off and on the pitch.
It is great to hear that my hon.
Friend has been engaging with organisations such as the Football Foundation, because it really helps us as MPs to support our constituents.
I absolutely echo his words.
The legacy of 14 years of Conservative Government is a 73% real terms cut in local authority expenditure on youth services since 2010.
Will the Secretary of State admit just how profoundly the Tories have failed our young people, and acknowledge that only a Labour Government can restore hope and opportunity for young people across this country?
In addition to the £500 million in the national youth guarantee, which is supporting young people across the country, we are approaching youth in  a cross-departmental way, whether through the £200 million from the Home Office to support young people not to go into a life of crime, the similar amount of funding from the Ministry of Justice to ensure that that funding comes through, or the £64 billion that we give to local councils.
We are supporting young people at every stage of their life.
Will the Minister for sport join me in congratulating Kettering resident Kyren Wilson on becoming the new world snooker champion, and in hoping that Kyren’s success will encourage people in Kettering and across the country to take up snooker?
My hon.
Friend is right to pay tribute to the success of Kyren Wilson.
The people of Kettering must be incredibly proud of him, and I hope that he will inspire more people to take up snooker.
It is an important sport in this country, and my hon.
Friend has been an advocate of supporting it in the many conversations that we have had outside the Chamber.
What steps will the Government take to ensure robust regulation of the special impartiality rules that apply during the election period?
This is in reference to my substantive question about the enforcement of the broadcasting code, to ensure that multi-party democracy is respected, devolution is not treated as a sideshow, and the people of Scotland get an accurate picture of public policy that applies to them, so that they are not disinformed and disenfranchised.
The hon.
Member will know that all broadcasters are regulated by Ofcom.
I am sure that they will all be aware of the importance of impartiality.
Cotgrave football club does a fantastic job of providing access to football for the local community, but it is limited by its current facilities and needs funding from Sport England for a 4G all-weather pitch.
To secure that funding, it must qualify as a level 3 club, with facilities for disabled football and a plan to grow women’s football.
It would love to do that, but it cannot do it without a 4G pitch.
Can the Secretary of State help us to resolve this chicken- and-egg situation, so that Cotgrave football club can secure the funding that it needs and provide access to football for even more people?
My hon.
Friend has raised that with me in the past, and I have spoken to my officials.
I encourage her to continue to liaise with the Football Foundation to understand what might be possible, so I suggest she passes that on.
She is a really successful and staunch campaigner for her local area.
I have worked with her on a number of campaigns, and I have every faith in her success in this particular campaign.
I, too, thank Liam Laurence Smyth, who was the first Clerk who worked for me when I was Chair of the Education Committee.
He became a great friend and mentor, and this House will miss him dreadfully.
Is there any special money for communities that have a rich tradition of music and the arts?
Huddersfield, my constituency, has the Huddersfield Choral, brass bands,  so many centres of excellence, and an international festival of music.
Could we have special money for towns such as mine, which would give a boost to the whole country for the arts?
We have special money for areas across the country, because every year the Arts Council has £444 million to spend.
It spends a significant amount of that money in music.
The hon.
Gentleman did not mention the rugby league result on Sunday.
The hon.
Member for South Norfolk, the Chairman of the Public Accounts Commission was asked— If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of National Audit Office resources to scrutinise the cost of AI in Government.
The National Audit Office does have adequate resources to scrutinise the cost of artificial intelligence and, indeed, produced a report in March that found that AI presents Government with significant opportunities to transform public services and that the Government have identified that artificial intelligence could deliver substantial productivity gains, potentially worth billions.
My hon.
Friend has identified the report in which I am interested.
That report, as he rightly says, noted the importance of artificial intelligence in delivering transformational public services, but also noted a number of challenges.
In the dying embers of this Parliament, would he be willing to leave a message for the next Chair of the Public Accounts Committee, urging that an inquiry be carried out into that report, as I believe its findings are of considerable importance?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is an important subject, and the Public Accounts Committee was due to take oral evidence on it on  17 June .
I will certainly draw his concerns to the attention of the new Chair of the Public Accounts Committee when I know who he or she is.