The Secretary of State, of course, made his comments to the Department, but the permanent secretary told the Committee that the terms of reference had been published, and we welcome that, because it will give us a clearer sense of what the commission wants to investigate.
We hope that a deeper insight into that very complex machine will allay some of the concerns that the right hon.
Gentleman has rightly identified, and if there have been breaches or improvements can be made, we will of course address that.
The Department is constantly learning, and work is being done to strengthen guidance and training through continuous improvement activity.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned confidence.
It is important that colleagues and those with disablement feel confident that we have the necessary tools to help our most vulnerable claimants, and of course we will take account of everything that the commission says.
I am indebted to  the hon.
Member for Motherwell and Wishaw (Marion Fellows)  for obtaining today’s urgent question, and she is correct to say that policy should be based on fairness, dignity and respect.
In dealing with cases, I find that those with mental health conditions, including sporadic mental health conditions, are often unfairly sanctioned, go through much deeper stress and sometimes end up in desperate poverty as a result.
In advance of the inquiry, could the Minister tell us what the Department is doing to ensure that the sanctions regime against people with disabilities, particularly those with mental health conditions, operates in a much more respectful and inclusive manner that helps them to deal with the horrible problems they are trying to cope with?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about fluctuating conditions and needs, which he is absolutely correct to identify.
We have a growing number of visiting officers—500—and a growing number of colleagues with a trauma-informed approach, and there is close engagement with wider safeguarding.
Having a trusted relationship with one’s work coach, job coach and disability employment adviser is so important, and this is at the heart of our safeguarding protocols, which are in place for healthcare professionals who undertake assessments.
If they identify a new condition or concern, they will ensure that the individual’s healthcare team are aware and communicating directly with them.
Again, that is why we have the trauma-informed approach.
I recently saw it being used at the Hastings service centre, where decisions are made on child maintenance, and at jobcentres.
The approach is being rolled out in order to be at the heart of what we do.
In all the time I have been in this House—it is quite a long time—I have never picked on civil servants or the people who deliver policies on the ground, because I am always reminded that President Harry Truman had a sign on his desk that said, “The buck stops here”.
The buck stops here with the Government, but let me reinforce a point that was made earlier.
My constituents tell me—as chairman of the Westminster Commission on Autism, I am sympathetic towards this—that the staff they meet are good about physical disability, but are not good when it comes to neurodiversity, people on the autism spectrum and people with little-known mental health challenges.
Can we give more training to the people who carry out assessments to make them more effective and efficient?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the nature of disability and need has changed, which is what I was trying to draw out earlier.
Different types of needs are coming our way.
We all know from our own constituency casework about the support that disabled people need in any realm, and it is about understanding the different needs and appreciating that needs change.
I can assure him that the Department works closely with healthcare assessors, and has put in a new process to allow personal independence payments to be paused when an appointment has already been scheduled—for example, if we need to have additional information.
We are very aware that claimants’ needs are different—hence the Buckland review of autism.
We know that a huge number of autistic people are very keen to work, but not enough of them do, and this is at the heart of our  understanding.
I think the hon.
Gentleman and I share the same view on this issue.
The Department will need to make changes and develop its understanding, and I want to reassure the House that we come in the spirit of learning.