The Minister must have guessed that a mention of the Torbay Weekly, which was launched four years ago under its editor Jim Parker, would be coming in this supplementary question.
On a more serious note, one of the worrying trends we have seen is the way that national corporations will buy a historic local title, turn it into a weekly and run into the ground.
Even when such corporations close down a newspaper, they refuse to release the title so that it can perhaps be used by a local group that is trying to put together a multimedia platform to continue local accountability.
What steps could the Government take to resolve that?
There is surely no greater publication in my hon.
Friend’s constituency than the Torbay Weekly.
I should also say that this House has made it clear just how strongly it feels about BBC local radio services in the course of this Parliament, and I hope to see them protected in the next Parliament.
He is absolutely right about the challenge of publications being bought up.
We want to support some of the microsites, and we are looking at how we can use Government advertising spend to try to help support them.
In the spirit of one-upmanship, I would just like to announce that Mr Speaker does not read the Financial Times or listen to Radio 4.
No, he reads the Bolton News and listens to Bolton FM.
We were very disappointed at the weekend, because we lost to Oxford United.
I spoke to Keith Harris from Bolton FM this morning, and he wants assurances that the Government will do all they can to ensure that local radio is an essential tool for democracy, that it gets the legal support it needs, and that Government, both locally and nationally, can do more to support local platforms.
On a point of clarification, I read the Chorley Guardian and the Lancashire Evening Post.
I would definitely still be listening, as Peter Kay would say, to Chorley FM—coming all over!
The Bolton News, Bolton FM and the Chorley Guardian—we could not live without them.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of local radio.
As Media Minister, I fought hard to make sure that we included provisions for local radio in the Media Bill, and I very much hope that it will be passed in the wash-up.
What steps her Department is taking to support the horseracing industry.
Given that my constituency of Pudsey will no longer exist after the election, this may be my final chance to thank all my constituents for the support that they have given me over the years.
I pay particular tribute to my parliamentary and constituency team, who have helped me enormously over the past 14 years.
It has been the privilege and honour of my life, and I am extremely grateful for it.
In answer to the question, the Government very much support horseracing, which is the second largest spectator sport and a major economic contributor, and not just to the rural economy but to the economy more widely.
We have been working extensively with industry to maintain its status as a world-renowned sport.
I, too, rise to make my last contribution in this House.
May I thank you, Mr Speaker, and all the staff of the House, who have helped me enormously over many years?
I have answered thousands of questions from the Dispatch Box, and asked hundreds from the Back Benches.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend, who has been an exemplary Minister and representative of Pudsey.
It is perhaps fitting that my final question is about horseracing, which is at the heart of the West Suffolk constituency and, of course, Newmarket.
It requires significant support in these difficult times.
I know that the Minister and the Secretary of State have been working incredibly hard to try to settle the latest levy negotiations.
Can he assure me that he will do everything he possibly can to use the last few days in which this Parliament is sitting to get that deal over the line?
We now want certainty to be able to take this great sport from strength to strength.
I think that was a valedictory speech.
My right hon.
Friend has certainly been an advocate of and a hard campaigner for horseracing, and not just in his constituency but for the wider sport.
Significant progress has been made on increasing levy contributions on a voluntary basis, and a great deal of thanks must go to the British Horseracing Authority, the Betting and Gaming Council, and DCMS officials for all their efforts and engagements throughout this process.
With an offer on the table, we urge both sides to agree on the terms of the deal, which will see increased investment in the sport, allowing it to grow and secure its sustainability.
We will do everything we can to ensure that is agreed.