If the moral arguments for the Bill—greater protections for the health and welfare of domestic animals—are not compelling enough for Members across the House, the biosecurity threat posed by a poorly regulated and exploited importation industry should be.
That is of particular relevance to my constituents in West Lancashire, which is also a farming community and so relies significantly on biosecurity.
Puppies, kittens and ferrets imported into the UK illegally pose a significant risk of parasitic disease.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee took oral evidence on its puppy smuggling inquiry in October 2019, but the written evidence submitted to that inquiry and published for all Members of the House to read was particularly interesting.
Dogs and puppies illegally landed in the UK were recognised as presenting a significant biosecurity risk.
The pet travel scheme requires microchipping, rabies vaccination, a mandatory pre-travel waiting period and, depending on the country from which the pet is travelling, tapeworm treatment and a rabies antibody test result to create a pet passport.
The commercial importation scheme has greater requirements, as I referenced earlier, and has all the conditions of the pet travel scheme alongside a pre-importation veterinary examination, an animal health certificate and pre-notification to the authorities to ensure welfare during transportation.
The illegal smuggling of pets, where there is not compliance with PTS or commercial importation standards, leaves our residents’ pets, animals and us at risk of infectious diseases that may spread to other animals or, in some cases, people in the UK.
My hon.
Friend is making points that others have not made, so this is a very valuable contribution.
Will she say something about how animals coming in that perhaps have not had those vaccinations, or that are not properly certificated as such, can cause devastation to farming communities like hers, because the diseases  they carry do not necessarily stick to one individual species?
This can be a real issue for an entire community.
It is all very well having a law, but enforcement is the key to stopping these problems arising.