Labour passed the Hunting Act 2004, which banned the hunting with dogs of foxes, deer, hares and mink.
We banned the use of drift nets in fishing, freeing dolphins, sea birds and other sea creatures from painful and cruel ensnarement.
Labour’s Animal Welfare Act 2006 saw, for the first time, animal owners responsible for ensuring that the welfare needs of their animals were met.
Labour has a proud animal welfare legacy and it is a privilege to represent a constituency that continues to take these issues so very seriously.
This Bill will finally make provision for restrictions on the live importation of dogs, cats and ferrets, as originally attempted in the failed Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
I am pleased the Bill has the support of many others, including Pets at Home and Vets for Pets, who have long supported action on this issue and whom I recently visited.
The conditions on importation set out in the Bill are vital for efforts to continue to drive up animal welfare standards in the UK.
The Bill’s banning of the importation of kittens and puppies under the age of six months, and dogs or cats that are more than 42 days pregnant, or which have been mutilated by ear cropping, declawing or tail docking, are welcome provisions that will bring a wave of relief to my constituents in Wakefield who care so passionately about this issue.
Touching briefly on cat smuggling, I am pleased that the Bill has the support of Cats Protection.
Its research found that 50,000 cats were obtained overseas in 2022-23.
Without stronger restrictions on import conditions, there is very little that we can do to ensure that these cats get the veterinary treatment they need for legal entry into this country.
Without stronger laws, there is very little that we can do to ensure that a cat’s travel conditions or point of origin were not traumatic, which is so often  the case.
Stress from long journeys is well documented and, as my husband has attested, can cause cats  painful cystitis.
It is critical for animal welfare that we get this right.
I particularly welcome the provisions for the regulation of the number of cats, dogs and ferrets that can be imported at a time per vehicle or foot passenger before it is deemed a commercial import.
This is a vital part of the Bill that will go some way towards addressing the scourges of puppy and kitten smuggling and of animal mutilation, both of which blight our animal welfare reputation and actively harm the welfare of hundreds of animals every year.