The Minister is nodding as I say that.
The stipulations in this Bill are clear and will be effective.
It will ban the import of puppies, kittens and ferrets under the age of six months, ensuring that they are not taken from their mothers too young and, crucially, that they are old enough to travel safely, potentially for long distances.
It will ban the import of heavily pregnant dogs, cats and ferrets, to which the same concerns apply.
It will ban the importation of dogs and cats that have been mutilated by having their tails docked or ears cropped or, in the case of cats, by having been declawed, all of which are extremely painful procedures.
Most crucially, it will reduce the number of animals that can travel under the non-commercial rules from five in the vehicle to three.
That closes a loophole currently being exploited by many unscrupulous traders—[Interruption.]
I am nearly finished, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Bill will significantly disrupt the methods of pet smugglers and their activities, and will help prevent low animal welfare breeding operations from supplying the Great Britain pet market.
It will give owners the assurance that the dogs, cats and ferrets they are buying and allowing into their families have not been sourced illegally nor treated inhumanely.
That is undoubtedly a good thing and should be celebrated.
What is crucial is that the Bill removes the suffering of those animals; it must never be allowed to be turned into profit by those who are breaking the law.
The situation is tragic, and I fully commend the Bill to the House.
I hope all colleagues on both sides of the House are willing to do the same.
If we wish to maintain our position as a leader on animal welfare, which we pride ourselves on, it is crucial that this Bill becomes law as soon as possible.
I again thank my hon.
Friend the Member for North Devon for introducing it.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me so early.
It is much appreciated.
Animal welfare is a top priority for my constituents.
I regularly get hundreds of emails a month from concerned residents who want to see action on a raft of animal welfare issues, from puppy smuggling to cat declawing and animal testing.
As the husband of a veterinary surgeon, I completely concur with my constituents on the importance of this hugely significant policy area.
It would of course be remiss of me not to mention my own pet cat, Frank, and the unfortunate recent passing of my cat, Smudge, and my dog, Roger.
I fully concur with  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby) : pets are indeed part of our family, and are missed as much as family members.
I am sure Mr Speaker will concur with that.
I have yet to meet Attlee the cat—I do not know whether you have, Madam Deputy Speaker—but I hope to do so at some point in time.
Many of my constituents have written to me about the abhorrent practice of ear cropping.
As colleagues may know, in 2022 the RSPCA recorded a horrifying 621% increase in the number of dog ear cropping reports it received over the previous five years.
Of course, ear cropping has been illegal in this country since 2006.
The previous Labour Government made sure of that—I will come to Labour’s animal welfare achievements shortly.
The RSPCA has real concerns that an increasing number of dogs are being sent abroad for ear cropping to circumvent UK law.
Let me be clear that there is absolutely no evidence that ear cropping is necessary or has any medical benefits for dogs.
Innocent dogs’ ears are clipped, often simply because their owner wants their dog to look scarier—for cosmetic reasons.
Most horrifyingly of all, far too often the procedure is carried out by amateurs with basic DIY tools and no anaesthetic for the dog.
We must be clear that ear cropping is mutilation—it is cruelty.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon)  for her very interesting insight into the world of ferrets.
And just to broach the inevitable question from my family when I return home, no we cannot have a ferret.
I am immensely pleased to see such an important Bill receive parliamentary time.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for North Devon for all her hard work in securing and bringing forward the Bill.
She is a powerful campaigner on ecological and environmental issues, and on animal welfare.
I have immense respect for her.
But I have to say that it is a damning indictment of just how far this Conservative Government have given up on governing.
They have their own MPs legislating from the Back Benches via private Members’ Bills, because Ministers refuse to pass an equivalent Bill in Government time.
The Tories repeatedly promised to progress the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, but failed to do so, abandoning ship after two Second Readings despite it supposedly being a key manifesto priority for those on the Tory Benches.
Colleagues may recall that Labour attempted to revive the Bill last year.
How foolish we were to assume that, just because it was in the Tory manifesto and promised repeatedly during the last election and by Tory Ministers countless times since, the Government would actually stick to their word.
I am glad the  Government seem to be content with the Bill progressing, but it seems bizarre that they have to be reminded of a key plank of their own manifesto from one of their own MPs.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed) , the shadow Environment Secretary said, it is as plain as day that the Conservatives have simply bottled it.
In contrast with this Tory Government, I am immensely proud of the contribution the previous Labour Government made to animal welfare.
In 1997, Labour banned the practice of experimenting on great apes and introduced a ban on testing cosmetics on animals, extended to include cosmetic ingredients in 1998.
Labour then passed the groundbreaking Fur Farming (Prohibition) Act 2000.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way on that point, because it was my private Member’s Bill that led to the 2000 Act.
Although it was talked out on Report by then Opposition MPs who did not like the word “prohibition”, it was adopted by the Labour Government and passed into law, which was a very good thing and led to a European-wide ban on  fur farming.