The provision in the Bill to reduce the number of animals that can be claimed as personal pets, and that can therefore be imported under the pet travel scheme regulations, will help to address this biosecurity risk.
Reducing the number of puppies, kittens and ferrets that can be admitted to just three will help to reduce the numbers that a smuggler can import under these less stringent biosecurity rules.
Proposed new article 5A of the regulations should further help to limit abuse of the pet travel scheme.
Under this article, the movement of a cat, dog or ferret would not be classed as non-commercial unless the animal is accompanied by its owner, or unless the movement occurs within five days of its owner arriving in the country.
This change would help to prevent abuse of the non-commercial importation regulations and limit the awful feigning of commercial animals as pets to circumvent the requirements for commercial imports.
Alongside that reduction, the Bill would place an emphasis on greater enforcement mechanisms, which we have talked about at length.
I would welcome any further detail that the hon.
Member for North Devon can provide to ensure that this sensible and worthwhile legislation is able to be enforced.
Having looked at the Bill with great interest, and having considered the specifics of each measure carefully, I am proud to support the hon.
Member for North Devon in the passage of the Bill.
Along with many millions in this country, I hold our pets in the highest regard.
They make the lives of families and individuals up and down the country fuller and brighter.
It is with the societal benefit of cats, dogs and ferrets and their welfare and health in mind that I am proud to support the Bill.
Its measures will protect the welfare of our domestic animal imports and protect our animals and public health at home.
I also support the Bill because, as I said, we sadly lost our cat, Colin, to congenital heart disease just after we had moved house.
We are looking forward to getting a new cat—yet to be named—and hopefully a new dog, which I am insisting will be called Kenneth.
It is really important to me that legislation is in place to ensure that anybody buying a new cat, dog or ferret as a member of their family can be reassured that it has been treated properly.
After the contribution from my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon) , I am seriously considering also getting a ferret.
My father has always wanted one.
Once again, I thank the hon.
Member for North Devon and congratulate her on picking up what the Government have hitherto refused to advance.
This is a necessary, important and common-sense piece of legislation that I urge all Members who are present today to support.
It is a joy to follow that incredible speech.
I begin by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  on introducing the Bill.
Not only does it help the Government to continue to fulfil the commitments in the Conservative manifesto on animal welfare—an area of great concern for a vast number of my South Derbyshire constituents—but crucially, it directly and effectively legislates against those who might attempt to illegally smuggle puppies, kittens and ferrets across our border.
I am sure that colleagues across the House can support that sentiment and will want to get on with this.
I have received many letters from my constituents about the Bill, all asking me to pledge my support, and I submit to do that on the record now.
This illegal trade is appalling.
The puppy trade in the UK, as has been noted, is valued at £3 billion, with around 2 million puppies—a phenomenal number—being sold annually.
The numbers are staggering and when one considers that as much as 50% of the trade is illegal or unlicensed, the enormity of the issue is really brought into focus.
In any industry or trade where the numbers and profit margins have the potential to be as large as these are, we can always predict that there will be a degree of exploitation.
On an issue such as this, however, which involves the welfare and treatment of puppies, kittens and ferrets—in some cases, barely weeks old—it is incredibly important that we act.
Again, I commend my hon.
Friend for bringing this issue to the Floor of the House.
The criminals who perpetrate this trade are motivated purely by greed.
In most cases, these poor animals are either pregnant or newly born and are kept in conditions of squalor and filth until they are then subjected to the cramped conditions of their smuggling.
They are subsequently sold to unsuspecting owners without any knowledge of the hardship that their new pet has undergone.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I have taken a large chunk of my speech out to make sure that colleagues can get in.
Towards the end of last year, I visited Daisy Brook boarding kennels in my constituency.
The owners of the business frequently and legally transfer pets from the UK and Europe across our border and have had plenty of run-ins with those who smuggle puppies and kittens  illegally.
They told me that the smugglers have a staggering lack of regard for the animals they are smuggling.
These young puppies are nothing more than future profit and any thoughts of the welfare of these animals are non-existent.
The Bill is crucial to restricting smugglers, and it will prove yet again that we are a Government for whom the welfare of animals is a top priority.
We left the EU so that we could make our own decisions on these issues.
The hon.
Member is obviously very passionate about this issue.
Does she have any thoughts about enforcement?
There is widespread support around the House for the measures in the Bill, but the issue of enforcement is key to ensuring that we really do stamp out the puppy smuggling trade.