It appears to me that clause 5 will allow Ministers to bring in secondary legislation, so we do need to keep a watching brief and to allow secondary legislation.
When previous laws have come in, unscrupulous people have found loopholes that were not predicted by the legislators drawing them up, so we need to be able to act to close the loopholes.
There has been a lot of discussion today about the mutilation of dogs and cats, and the Bill will do much to tackle that.
To be clear, ear cropping is an absolutely horrific practice that has no role in a civilised society.
There is no medical or clinical benefit to the animal in having its ears cropped.
As has been discussed, a lot of this is about how the dog looks—it makes them look more formidable or ferocious.
There has been an upsurge in the prevalence of dogs with cropped ears; when we are walking around, we see these dogs now.
The Select Committee has also taken harrowing evidence on this practice.
It is illegal in this country to crop a dog’s ears, but we have evidence that it has been taking place here.
People are doing it in horrific circumstances, potentially in their back garden sheds.
Looking online, we see that the situation is horrific; there are online ear cropping kits.
We need to stamp that out as well.
This law is important and it will help address that; it will close the loophole.
We must look at popular culture as well, including popular animated films.
One of my favourite films that I watched with my children was the Disney Pixar film “Up”, which we all absolutely love, but if you look closely at the dogs in that film, you will see that many of them are cropped.
If people are going to the cinema with their kids and seeing this on the big screen, it looks normal, and that is wrong.
In the last couple of years, there was another hugely successful animated film, the “Super-Pets” movie.
Again, the lead character was an  ear-cropped dog.
Many people in our country who love their animals do not realise that ear cropping is not normal and want their dogs to look like that.
Unfortunately, there is a popular and celebrity culture as well.
We need to educate people that these dogs have been horrifically mutilated.
The Bill will close that loophole.
My hon.
Friend the Member for North Devon raised the important issue of brachycephalic dogs: dogs with very short faces that have real difficulty breathing.
That is so important, because they are lovely and wonderful dogs
but they have a lot of clinical difficulties.
We need to do work to make sure that in the future breeding of these dogs, their noses become longer again so that they can breathe more easily.
Again, this appears in popular culture and in the advertising of products.
I will not name them, but a lot of major products use images of brachycephalic dogs in their advertising.
We need to be very cautious about that.
May I draw the hon.
Gentleman back to his previous profession?
When a vet sees a dog that is unsuitable for breeding, does the hon.
Gentleman think that the vet, instead of facilitating the breeding process, has a responsibility to say, “No, we’re not letting this go forward”?
I can give the hon.
Lady a categorical reassurance that the veterinary profession is strongly looking at the issue very closely.
It also has a role in educating the pet-owning public about where to source their dogs responsibly and to ensure that those dogs have a good and happy life.
But yes, the veterinary profession is looking at this closely.
What comes into frame with ear-cropped dogs is an upsurge in the past few years of unregulated canine fertility clinics, where acts of veterinary surgery are being performed by people who are not qualified.
In future, we need to ensure that we strongly clamp down on those practices as well.
I am absolutely delighted that the Bill includes cats.
The mutilations include those cats that have been horrifically declawed.
There is no benefit to the cat in being declawed.
The Bill will help an awful lot of cats.
In future, we need to look at whether secondary legislation is needed.
We will ban the import of ear-cropped dogs, but we need to think, too, about banning the onward sale of those dogs in this country.
However, I hope that the Bill will stop the importation, so that that may not be necessary.
Again, we need to keep a watching brief.
Many colleagues today have talked about diseases.
The importation of animals presents a risk to not only animals in this country, but people.
One major disease that we are concerned about is canine brucellosis, caused by Brucella canis.
There were 143 positive cases in dogs from 2020 to 2022 and 160 positive cases in 2023.
There have been two laboratory-confirmed cases in people.
This is a disease—zoonosis—that can be transmitted from dogs to people.
The Bill will ban the importation of heavily pregnant dogs.
One of the main exposures to brucellosis is when a pregnant dog comes into the country and whelps here—the birthing fluids are a potential risk for people.
Vets, nurses and practitioners on the frontline are at risk, as are owners.
As I said, two people in this country have contracted the disease.
Brucellosis is an unpleasant disease for the dog.
Treatment is not recommended; the prognosis is poor and often euthanasia is recommended.
It is also an unpleasant illness in people, especially in vulnerable and immuno-compromised people.
It is a salient point to make that we need to be cognisant that laws like this will help the situation, because we have seen an increase of dogs coming in that have such diseases.
The hon.
Gentleman is making an excellent speech.
Given his experience as a vet, to what extent does he think that enforcement is an issue?
I think that there is widespread support around the House for the provisions in the Bill, but enforcement is key.
Does he think that that is getting better or worse?
Enforcement is pivotal.
I chaired the EFRA Committee this week, in the Chair’s absence, and we had a special session on issues facing the veterinary sector.
We looked closely at biosecurity, animal health and welfare, and things like the Animal and Plant Health Agency.
It is about being vigilant about diseases and monitoring them.
Later in my speech, I will touch on how we can do more in that area.
On the importation of dogs, as we have said, in the UK people love their animals.
A lot of people think that they are doing the right thing by importing and rescuing those dogs.
We have seen a surge of dogs coming over from the continent of Europe—from eastern Europe, Macedonia and so on—and some of those dogs have had diseases like brucellosis and leishmaniasis, and that is where we need to be careful.
People think that they are doing the dogs a favour, but unscrupulous people are probably rounding up street dogs to bring them over, when that does not benefit the dog in its own country.
At the same time, we need to remember that we have animal welfare charities in this country absolutely full of lovely dogs that need to be rehomed.
People in this country can do a better thing by seeking their dogs, cats and other pets from such charities.
May I give a huge shout out and say thank you to all those animal welfare charities and shelters that do so much to rescue these animals?
We have seen a real upsurge in pet ownership through the pandemic—people talk about pandemic puppies.
People took on animals in different circumstances, and now many have gone back to work and cannot deal with them.
Many of these animals were not socialised.
In the EFRA Committee inquiry, we have seen an increase in behavioural issues, with animal welfare charities picking up the slack.
I pay tribute to those charities; they have a really important and stressful job, and we are very lucky to have them.
We need to keep vigilant when it comes to biosecurity.
We should think about introducing secondary legislation on pre-importation checks for dogs, so that we can check them for brucella canis when they come in.
In 2012, the EU stopped the mandatory treatment against ticks and tapeworms in some animals coming in.
Now that we have left the European Union, we have the opportunity to reinstate that mandatory treatment.
Let me illustrate how that could be important.
Madam Deputy Speaker, just up the road from your constituency in Epping Forest is Harlow.
A few years ago, a dog picked up babesiosis on a walk in Harlow.
The dog had never been out of the country, so had picked up that disease from a tick in a field in Harlow, Essex.
Obviously,  a dog had gone out of the country, or come back in, and had not been treated, dropped the tick and a dog here got that disease.
That illustrates how a simple change through secondary legislation could protect dogs in this country.
That is something that we need to consider.
We have talked a lot about biosecurity, and we have mentioned today the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which does fantastic work in keeping our country safe.
It has dealt with incredible threats in recent years: it has been tackling avian influenza; it is working closely on bovine tuberculosis; and now there is the increasing threat of bluetongue, which the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Mark Spencer)  is looking at very closely.
As the midge season approaches, this virus will put everyone under pressure.
Again, I pay tribute to those people on the frontline who are trying to do so much to keep the animal and plant health of our nations safe and, indirectly, human public health as well.