We should also prohibit the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated, which several Members have talked about.
Those animals have often suffered the trauma of unnecessary procedures such as ear cropping and tail docking.
Such mutilations have no health benefits; they are abusive practices recognised in UK law as illegal.
They offer only emotional and physical trauma to  the animals on which they are inflicted.
Preventing the importation of animals with these traumatic mutilations   will also prevent the importation of animals which, as a result of the physical and emotional trauma caused by the mutilations, can develop behavioural changes.
Dogs with cropped ears or docked tails may be recognised by certain members of the public as being more aggressive or dangerous.
We hear that regularly—or at any rate I do, in my surgeries.
If people keep their own pets away from these animals, which they often do for fear of aggression towards them or their dogs, the animals will suffer further from a lack of socialisation and their behaviour will worsen further.
Similarly, the banning of imports of dogs and cats with mutilations will protect puppies and kittens from harmful practices, and will hopefully instigate a decline in demand for pets with certain physical characteristics.
If it is illegal to import a puppy with cropped ears, it is common sense that the incentive to crop that puppy’s ears at its location of origin will be diminished.
If it cannot be imported and sold legally in the UK, it is logical to conclude that that characteristic will lose the value that it once had to the importer.
We may also hope that the criminalisation of certain mutilations will reduce the demand for these practices from the consumer, along with the education referred to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading East (Matt Rodda) .
In this place, I frequently hear the argument that the criminalisation of any activity may increase the attractiveness of engaging in whatever is being criminalised, but in the case of animal welfare I do not find that argument particularly convincing.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and I believe that following the criminalisation of certain mutilations, those wanting to buy a puppy or kitten may understand better the harm associated with these practices and choose to shun the imported animals.
We ban them because of the mutilations and because they are damaging, not just because this is a fashion that we do not like.
As for those whose conscience does not prohibit them from requiring a mutilated puppy or kitten, the recognition of their pet’s becoming illegal in the future might.
We can hope that both the importer and the consumer will be discouraged from mutilating and acquiring mutilated animals respectively.
The legal importation will all but disappear, and we may hope—optimistically—that the illegal smuggling trade will face several disruptions, with the broader recognition of the harm that mutilated animals have endured.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does she agree that although many of us have learnt a great deal about these practices, courtesy of  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby) , the wider public are not aware of some of the consequences?
Could the Government not do much more to inform the public of these practices and support the wider provisions of the Bill?
I entirely agree.
The wider public are not necessarily aware of that or the wide range of existing legislation, let alone the provisions that will be introduced by the Bill if it proceeds successfully.
By engaging in this debate we are helping to raise awareness, and I congratulate the hon.
Member for North Devon on enabling that by presenting the Bill.
The proposed banning of the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats is another provision that will help to protect animal health and welfare.
The plans of those seeking to circumvent new rules limiting the number of animals imported under non-commercial rules would be scuppered.
Those seeking to abuse our laws will always try to find new ways in which to sustain their exploitative operations in any which way they can, but the Bill, well thought out as it is, offers great two-layer protection for puppies and kittens.
Let us imagine a scenario in which a puppy smuggler wanted to import several puppies or kittens, under the guise of the animals being their pets.
The limit to the legal importation of these animals under non-commercial rules on an aeroplane would now be three.
Cognisant of that limit, a smuggler could have sought to import a heavily pregnant dog or cat which would then give birth in the UK to numerous puppies or kittens which could then be sold.
This practice would be limited, with the further provision banning the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats.
A puppy smuggler could not simply travel with a heavily pregnant dog or cat under the guise of pet ownership for the animal then to give birth as a commercial opportunity in the UK.
Crucially, the Bill will also support the health and welfare of pregnant cats and dogs, who are our pets and can suffer greatly from international travel when heavily pregnant.
The physical and emotional upheaval of long-haul travel can prompt early labour without the necessary veterinary care, and therefore carries risks of harm or death for both the mother and the puppies or kittens involved.
In reviewing the specifics of the Bill in preparation for the debate, I was astonished to find that some of its provisions were not already enshrined in legislation.
These are sensible and considered measures for which I can see little downside, and they are well supported by others outside this place.
The support that the Bill has garnered from animal welfare stakeholders and charities demonstrates the benefit its provisions could have for the health and welfare of puppies and kittens in the UK.
The RSPCA, the Dogs Trust and Battersea Dogs and Cats Home all support measures in the Bill, and they supported them when they were introduced in the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
Those stakeholders are the experts in the field, and their endorsement has reassured me that the measures are well considered and likely to positively impact the health and welfare of cats and dogs.
In fact, the importance of supporting the Bill has grown greater since the Government abandoned the kept animals Bill in May 2023.
The Prime Minister rode back on the commitment he made during his ill-fated leadership election in which he pledged to retain that Bill in the Government’s legislative agenda.
It was left to Opposition Members to try to revive that Bill in an Opposition day debate on  21 June  last year.
I spoke then in defence of greater regulation to ensure the welfare of animals imported into this country.
Despite voting in favour of Labour’s motion, Government Members rejected our best attempts to revive the Bill.
I have since pressed the Government in this place on their failure to support better animal welfare standards.
In January, on the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports)   Bill, I pressed the Minister about the Government’s plans on puppy smuggling and ear-cropping legislation.
However, as the title of that Bill suggested, the Government were concerned there not with the importation of domestic pets but with the exports of livestock.
The absence of legislation in this area is exactly why I was keen to speak today in support of this Bill.
The banning of live exports is one of the real benefits of our leaving the European Union.
Were we to have stayed in, we would not have been able to give that benefit to our livestock.
Does the hon.
Member not agree that that is a real benefit to animals in this country?