I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Pets are a part of our family.
They provide support and companionship when we need it most.
In time-honoured Friday tradition, I would like to name my own pets, from my childhood cat Perdita through to Phoebe, who I adopted while I lived in the States, my yellow Labradors Harry and George, and my current much-adored fox red Labrador, Henry.
Has the hon.
Lady ever owned a ferret?
If so, what was that ferret’s name?
That is an excellent intervention.
I will come to ferrets, but unfortunately I have not had the pleasure of one at home myself.
The companionship of pets was highly valued during the covid pandemic, when there was a surge in demand for puppies and kittens, which unfortunately led to even more upsetting cases of pet smuggling in the UK.
During covid, legal commercial imports of dogs rose by nearly 60% to more than 70,000 dogs in 2021, and trends in illegal imports could be expected to be similar.
Puppy and kitten smuggling came on my radar as an MP shortly after the first lockdown began in March 2020, when I was one of those people trying to find a new pup, which were hard to find.
I am grateful to my great dog-loving friend Bethany Sawyer for her advice not to see the cute puppy that was the wrong age without both parents available in the advert.
While Henry, my fox red Labrador was not smuggled into the country—I met his mum and dad at their farm just above my North Devon home—I understand how the emotions in adopting a new pet and companion often leave some of the rationality and questioning behind.
Prices for specific dog breeds doubled, and the UK market struggled to keep up.
With huge profits to be made, that imbalance provided ample opportunity for people acting illegally and irresponsibly to import puppies and take advantage of innocent pet buyers, who may not have known that their furry friends were suffering.
YouGov polling shows that 83% of the public want the Government to crack down on puppy smuggling.
I was the Parliamentary Private Secretary on the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals)
Bill Committee, and I am delighted to be flanked by my Whip from that Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Derbyshire (Mrs Wheeler)  and other members of that Committee who are supporting this Bill.
Just this week alone, more than 100 colleagues have dropped in to see the Dogs Trust and support the Bill.
When the kept animals Bill was withdrawn and divided up, I made a commitment to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the Dogs Trust that if I came high up in the private Member’s Bill ballot, I would take part of that Bill through.
As I am not a regular raffle prize winner, I was more than a bit perplexed to find myself come sixth.
I looked at Henry—I am still not sure whether he fully understands all the media attention—and explained that we were going to be helping puppies for many months to come.
I am delighted that I have been able to keep that commitment here today.
As a dog owner myself, I find it horrific to hear stories of puppies and kittens being smuggled across the border and the poor conditions they have to endure.
Pets are more than just property; they are family.
The Bill will ensure that pets are not sold or traded as objects.
This is such an important Bill, which my hon.
Friend is bringing forward with passion and eloquence.
Does she agree that the Government must put in funding at the border to deal with the problem and stop the smuggling of puppies, kittens and, indeed, ferrets?
It is a worry that the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has reduced, or proposed to reduce, biosecurity funding at the port of Dover and in the Dover area.
Money must be put behind this important initiative.
My hon.
Friend is a huge advocate for her constituency and the port of Dover.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, of which I am a member, is indeed looking at some of those matters.
The Bill will deliver a manifesto commitment to crack down on puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling by closing loopholes exploited by unscrupulous commercial traders.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the passionate case she is making for her Bill, which I think we all support.
Her legislation relies quite extensively on regulations.
Does she have a sense of how quickly those regulations will come forward once the Bill hopefully passes?