Laurie has

worked with law enforcement, legislators, and local leaders to

strengthen laws, increase resources for trafficking victims, and ensure

that survivors have the support they need to rebuild their lives.
She

has played a key role in transforming how society understands and

addresses human trafficking, ensuring that the issue is no longer

hidden or overlooked.
It is clear Laurie Swink has made a profoundly positive impact on our

community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LESA BURNHAM

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Lesa Burnham has made through her work with the

CARES Senior Clinic.
Lesa is a tireless volunteer, eager to assist with

all clinic needs.
She is quick to get the patients ready to see the

doctor, answer phones, and keeps the patient EMR updated.
She is an

inspirational decorator, creating holiday decor throughout the clinic

that lifts patients' spirits.
It is clear Lesa Burnham has made a profoundly positive impact on our

community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN & COUNTY CLUB

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

100th anniversary of the Town & County Club in the historic Asylum Hill

neighborhood of Hartford, Connecticut.
Over its storied 100-year

history, the club has grown into the premier location for members to

enjoy organized social, intellectual, and artistic gatherings.
On May 21, 1925, just five years after the 19th Amendment guaranteed

women's suffrage, 400 women founded the Town & County Club as

Hartford's first private women's club.
The club's first President, Miss

Anne Eliot Trumbull, helped draft their Articles of Association.
The

Articles state that the club was formed with the purposes of ``creating

an organized center for women's work, thought and action; advancing the

interests of women, promoting science, literature, and art; providing

an accessible place of meeting for its members, promoting social

intercourse by such means as the members of the corporation shall deem

expedient and proper for that purpose, and for acquiring and

maintaining and club house and grounds.''
The pioneering women who founded the Town & County Club at a time

when membership at most private clubs was exclusive to men created an

organization worthy of its storied 100-year history.
It is my honor to

celebrate the Town & County Club of Hartford, Connecticut.