BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to recognize Euless Police

Corporal James Gordon for his twenty-eight years of selfless service to

North Texans.
Corporal Gordon, a graduate of Lewisville High School and Texas A&M

University, began his career in public service as a Probation Officer

for Denton, Tarrant, and Dallas Counties.
He Joined the Euless Police

Department in 1996, serving with distinction for nearly three decades.
Promoted to the rank of Police Corporal in 2000, he has held numerous

critical assignments and roles that strengthened the safety and trust

in the community.
Corporal Gordon is best known to many in the Euless community for his

role as a Neighborhood Police Officer and his dedicated work with crime

watch programs.
He has been a pillar in community engagement efforts

through the Citizen's Police Academy, CERT Program, Child Safety Seat

Program, Rape Aggression Defense (RAD), CPR instruction, and the David

Hofer Police Camp.
His commitment to safety extended to conducting home

security surveys and creating the Euless SAFE business program to

promote responsible business security practices.
A skilled and decorated officer, Corporal Gordon served as a SWAT

officer from 2001 to 2008 and has been a Defensive Tactics Instructor

since 1999.
His leadership earned him the title of Crime Prevention

Expert from the Texas Crime Prevention Association and STEP Officer of

the Year for the State of Texas in 2007.
His professional affiliations

include the Texas Crime Prevention Association, where he serves as

President of the North Texas chapter, and the Texas Municipal Police

Association.
His commitment to duty and the community has also been

recognized through numerous awards, including the Distinguished Service

Award, multiple Unit Citations, and the prestigious Euless Employee of

the Year in 2018.
Beyond his accolades, James Gordon is a trusted

mentor, an Eagle Scout and a devoted public servant who has made a

lasting impact on countless lives.
As he enters a well-earned retirement, dedicating his time to family

and friends, I express my deepest gratitude for his courage and

commitment to the safety and well-being of the people of North Texas.
Congratulations and thanks to Corporal James Gordon.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FERNANDA OROZCO SAENZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fernanda Orozco

Saenz for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Fernanda has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Fernanda, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Fernanda's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Fernanda Orozco Saenz on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HEYZEL PEREZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Heyzel Perez

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Heyzel has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Heyzel, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Heyzel's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Heyzel Perez on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KIMBERLY GODDING BROOKS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.