Jonathan Rothberg: Founder and Chair, 4 Catalyzer Corporation, who is

recognized for pioneering next-generation human DNA sequencing that

enables low-cost decoding of the human genome, which transformed life

science research, healthcare, agriculture, and the development of

biofuels; and for the revolutionary Swoop Portable Magnetic Resonance

Imaging System making MRI accessible to every patient, regardless of

income or resources.
Deepika Singh: CEO of R&D Investment Holdings and former CEO of

Sinmat, Inc., who is recognized for seminal discoveries in chemical/

mechanical polishing of a class of super-hard semiconductors,

significantly enabling the advancement of 5G communications

infrastructure and defense electronics, as well as the manufacture of

smartwatches, smartphones, and components for electric vehicles.
Krishna ``Kris'' Singh: Founder, President and CEO of Holtec

International, who is recognized for extensive transformational

innovations that provide the foundational structure for modern nuclear

power energy, including systems and equipment, safe storage,

transportation of spent fuel; as well as improved operations, safety

and efficiency of nuclear power plants.
Gary K. Starkweather (Deceased): An American engineer who is

recognized for inventing the world's first laser printer and leading

the frontier of the field of color management technology, including

Apple's ColorSync technology; as well as advancements in imaging for

Microsoft and the film industry, especially as part of the digital

effects team for the original Star Wars.
Innovation and invention are the building blocks of our Nation.
I

applaud these highly accomplished individuals and the organizations

that support them in their quest to change the world in ways that truly

benefit humanity.
It is because of the perseverance of these inventors

that future generations are encouraged to reach beyond their limits and

push the boundaries of innovation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JEAN EK

HON.
SYDNEY KAMLAGER-DOVE

Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of

Genevieve Ek, known as ``Jean'' by her beloved friends and family.
Jean

passed away last month after a life full of love, friendship, and

kindness.
She was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin in December of 1941, growing up

in Racine before moving to Two Harbors, Minnesota.
She opted to stay in

Two Harbors even after her family moved to Oregon because of the strong

and lasting relationships she had built with her friends and the love

of her life, Harold.
Jean and Harold would go on to marry in 1963 and

have 3 children--Adele, Lura, and John.
Jean was well known during her career in medical administration,

helping mentor dozens during her tenure as she worked diligently to

advance from receptionist to Executive Director of Crossroads Medical

Center.
She is survived by her husband of 60 years, Harold, their 3 children,

8 grandchildren, and 2 great-grandchildren.
While Jean will be greatly missed by everyone who knew her, her

legacy of leadership, kindness, and compassion remains.
I am honored to commemorate the life of Jean Ek and wish her family

and friends strength and peace in their grief.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WORLD-RENOWN CONSERVATIONIST, THEO PAGEL WITH AMERICAN HUMANE/

GLOBAL HUMANE'S KIESSLING INTERNATIONAL PRIZE FOR SPECIES CONSERVATION

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize heroic efforts

on behalf of wildlife worldwide.
American Humane, the first and most

experienced national humane organization, which was created in 1877 to

ensure the safety, welfare, and well-being of animals, has awarded

Prof. Theo Pagel, CEO of the Cologne Zoo in Germany with the 2023

Wolfgang Kiessling International Prize for Species Conservation.
This

award was created in honor of Wolfgang F. Kiessling, the founder of

Loro Parque and global leader in conservation.
Prof. Theo Pagel has dedicated his life to ensuring the survival of

countless species, and inspiring and educating generations of people.