In his retirement,

Hobby joined the Union Township Senior Club of Hunterdon County and has

served as both the Vice President and President of the organization.
During his tenure Hobby has shared his passion for travel by arranging

for the group to visit many locations around the country and the world.
Mr. Speaker, it is individuals like Hobby who should inspire us all.
I wish to convey our appreciation for his years of service to our

country and community.
May he continue to touch the lives of many for

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING GRACE VERGARA-MACTAL

HON.
SUSIE LEE

Ms. LEE of Nevada.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Grace Vergara-

Mactal, Executive Director of SEIU 1107, for her upcoming retirement

and a career of service to Nevada.
Grace was born and raised in the Philippines where she earned her

bachelor's degree and worked as a medical technician.
Immigrating to

the U.S. in 1989, her first job involved mopping floors for $3.50 an

hour, but she worked her way back into the health care field as a

hospital lab technician.
As a leader and organizer for her fellow lab

workers, Grace was suspended from her job while circulating a petition.
Undeterred, she pursued this activism, climbing from volunteer, to

organizer, Organizing Director, Chief of Staff, and eventually leader

of Local 1107.
As one of the foremost leaders of the labor movement, both in Nevada

and across the country, Grace has been a tireless advocate for good

jobs and quality services during her incredible 3-decade career.
As

Executive Director, she represents nearly 20,000 health care and public

service workers across the state.
In this position, Grace has led with a commitment to mobilizing and

empowering workers and families while fighting for economic, racial,

and social justice.
Her work focused on growing Local 1107, passing

historic legislation, winning major contract battles, and building

vital community coalitions.
She also serves as Vice President and

Executive Board Member of the Service Employees International Union,

officer of the SEIU Asian Pacific Islander Caucus, and Executive Board

Member of the Nevada AFL-CIO.
In addition to being an important union leader, Grace is a

trailblazer in our community.
As the first member of the AANHPI

community to serve as an officer for Local 1107, she is an important

representative for one of Nevada's fastest growing demographics.
Grace

has a particular dedication to developing and supporting worker

leaders, especially workers of color in her leadership with SEIU Local

1107 and the Nevada AFL-CIO.
Grace often says that she will always be an organizer at heart, so I

am confident that her retirement will not be the last that I see of

her.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Grace Vergara-Mactal on

her outstanding service to Nevada and our Nation, and in congratulating

Grace on her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
LOUIS JOHNSON

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and selfless leader, Mr. Louis Johnson.
He has shown what can

be done through hard work, dedication, and a desire to make a

difference.
Mr. Louis Johnson, affectionally known as ``Bay Bay'', is the winner

Community Service Award.
The Bill Hetrick Community Service Award is

named after Bill Hetrick, who served as a long-time board member and

Past President of the Mississippi Sports Foundation, Inc.

Mr. Johnson, the former Chief of Police in Edwards, Mississippi for

39 years, parlayed his love of sports into coaching youth baseball and

softball.
He was able to coach while also giving the children in his

community a positive role model to follow.
When the number of kids

playing baseball started to dwindle, Mr. Johnson started coaching

basketball, and, at one point he was coaching 6 different teams at the

same time.