Title: CELEBRATING DAVID HECKER'S 40+ YEARS BUILDING THE LABOR MOVEMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
149

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DAVID HECKER'S 40+ YEARS BUILDING THE LABOR MOVEMENT

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Hecker,

the President of AFT Michigan on the occasion of his retirement.
The

tireless work he has put in to ensure our state has a strong public

school system and the teachers to staff it is worthy of commendation.
David was born in the Bronx to a family of strong Polish roots.
Both

parents were proud union members and like many Jews of the era, were

supporters of progressive politics.
David and his wife, Alice Audie-

Figueroa, who is also a well-known activist, are longtime members of

Shir Tikvah in Troy.
Aimed with a Masters degree from the University of Massachusetts and

a PhD from University of Wisconsin, David began his work in labor when

he joined Local 3220 in 1977, the union of graduate assistants at

University of Wisconsin.
After being elected president, David decided

that building the labor movement would be his life's work.
Subsequent

experience with the Allied Industrial Workers, Michigan State AFL-CIO,

and the Metro Detroit AFL-CIO led to David taking a position at AFT

Michigan, where he was eventually elected president in 2001.
Since

2004, he has also been the Vice President of the National AFT.
David spent his time as President of AFT Michigan aggressively

promoting the ideal that ``K-12 public education is the foundation of

our democracy''.
During his tenure, AFT Michigan organized many new

locals representing thousands of new members and built deep

partnerships with community allies.
Notably, David was one of the co-

chairs of the Coalition for the Future of Detroit School Children.
This

Coalition's report and legislative work resulted in legislation that

saved the future of the Detroit Public Schools.
David is also a co-

chair of the Metropolitan Affairs Coalition, a group of leaders brought

together from business, labor, and the government to the same table to

respond to our region's challenges and opportunities.
No matter where

he is, David is always working to bring people of all perspectives

together to reach common goals that improve our region for all who live

here.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

lifetime of work David Hecker has contributed to the cause of public

education.
Within our state and around the country, children in our

public schools have quality educators and better access to resources

due in no small part to his tireless efforts.
We are saddened to see

him leave, but we know his activism will not stop in ``retirement''.
I

thank David for his significant contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING HOBSON ELLIS RODENBAUGH ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my warmest

wishes to Hobson Ellis Rodenbaugh in celebration of his 100th birthday.
Hobson or Hobby as he is more affectionately known, was born in

Hunterdon County on August 11, 1923.
At 19, Hobby enlisted in the Army

Signal Corps, serving in the Marshall Islands, Japan, and the

Philippines during World War II.
After being discharged, he came home

to New Jersey where he married the Love of his life Virginia Mae Wands.
Hobby continued to express his passion for service by serving on the

Clinton Town Council and as Police Commissioner.
In his retirement,

Hobby joined the Union Township Senior Club of Hunterdon County and has

served as both the Vice President and President of the organization.
During his tenure Hobby has shared his passion for travel by arranging

for the group to visit many locations around the country and the world.
Mr. Speaker, it is individuals like Hobby who should inspire us all.