American Humane, the first and most

experienced national humane organization, which was created in 1877 to

ensure the safety, welfare, and well-being of animals, has awarded

Prof. Theo Pagel, CEO of the Cologne Zoo in Germany with the 2023

Wolfgang Kiessling International Prize for Species Conservation.
This

award was created in honor of Wolfgang F. Kiessling, the founder of

Loro Parque and global leader in conservation.
Prof. Theo Pagel has dedicated his life to ensuring the survival of

countless species, and inspiring and educating generations of people.
As the CEO of the Cologne Zoo, the former president of the World

Association of Zoos and Aquariums, and Chair of the Reverse the Red

Committee of the International Union for Conservation of Nature, Pagel

has led significant change for animals both in the wild and in zoos.
He

was inspired at an early age by his father, also an animal lover, and

started a breeding program in 1988 to save the endangered Bali

Starling--a program he coordinated for nearly 20 years.
Pagel created sustainability strategies and guidelines for

conservation education during his tenure as president of the World

Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
He approaches conservation through

inspiring the public as well as leading high-level strategies on saving

countless species from the very largest Asian Elephant to the smallest

Asian songbird.
He has led a global charge to push back the effects of what

scientists call a ``Sixth Mass Extinction,'' with up to one million

species at risk of disappearing forever.
Mr. Speaker, wildlife conservationists put the world first, wildlife

first, the future first.
They don't seek a hero's reward, a medal, or a

prize.
But they surely deserve it.
Mr. Speaker, I ask today that we

recognize the impact Theo Pagel has had on saving species, honor his

work and acknowledge American Humane's Kiessling Prize as a way to

shine a light on the important work of saving species for future

generations to love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO OUR NATION'S PRISONERS OF WAR AND THOSE WHO ARE

MISSING IN ACTION

HON.
JENNIFFER GONZALEZ-COLON

Mrs. GONZALEZ-COLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to our

Nation's prisoners of war and those who are missing in action.
``Though not here, their sacrifice is not forgotten'' is the official

phrase for the 2023 POW-MIA day that this year falls on September 15.
These heartfelt words serve as a reminder that there still are

families that hope for the safe return of their loved ones that are

missing in action and the wellbeing of those who were prisoners of war.
Among those whose sacrifice will not be forgotten are over 130 Missing

in Action service members and almost half a dozen of former Prisoners

of War from Puerto Rico.
For Puerto Rican families, these words are more significant when we

remember that families extend beyond the immediate relations of the

spouse and children of the service member.
The pain of the loss and the

hope that the loved one will return to the ``familia'' spreads from the

immediate nucleus into endless tree branches of the extended family.
Conscious of this feeling it is important that we remember that while

the missing served the Nation, hundreds of families miss them and plead

that the sacrifice of their loved ones is not forgotten.
Puerto Ricans who were called to serve in distant lands under the

most difficult conditions sacrificed everything, convinced that by

fighting for the freedom of others they were preserving and

guaranteeing the freedom, prosperity and democracy of their loved ones

and of our country.
Inspired by these ideas they performed feats of

courage that surprised their enemies and earned them the respect of

their brothers in arms and the recognition of their superior commands,

creating a legacy of service that is difficult to emulate.