The Bill Hetrick Community Service Award is

named after Bill Hetrick, who served as a long-time board member and

Past President of the Mississippi Sports Foundation, Inc.

Mr. Johnson, the former Chief of Police in Edwards, Mississippi for

39 years, parlayed his love of sports into coaching youth baseball and

softball.
He was able to coach while also giving the children in his

community a positive role model to follow.
When the number of kids

playing baseball started to dwindle, Mr. Johnson started coaching

basketball, and, at one point he was coaching 6 different teams at the

same time.
He has been a great asset to his community, and his work

never goes unnoticed.
The Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame will honor Louis Johnson for his

lifetime commitment to his community with this award during its annual

Hall of Fame Induction Banquet, set for Saturday, July 29, at the

Jackson Convention Complex.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Louis

Johnson for his dedication and hard work in caring for the constituents

in the State of Mississippi.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 FLORIDA INVESTORS HALL OF FAME

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the ten

inventors who have been selected as the 2023 Inductees to the Florida

Inventors Hall of Fame.
To be named as an Inductee, these inventors

were nominated by their peers nationwide and have undergone a thorough

review by the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame Selection Committee.
As a

result, their innovations have been identified as significantly

impacting the quality of life, economic development, and welfare of

their communities, the residents of Florida, and the United States.
The Florida Inventors Hall of Fame was founded in 2013 at the

University of South Florida.
It was recognized by the Florida Senate

with Senate Resolution 1756, adopted on April 30, 2014.
Its mission is

to encourage individuals of all backgrounds to strive toward the

betterment of Florida and society through continuous, groundbreaking

innovation by celebrating the incredible scientific work that has been,

or is being, accomplished in Florida and by its citizens.
Nomination to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame is open to all

Florida inventors (living or deceased) who are or have been residents

of Florida.
The nominee must be a named inventor on a patent issued by

the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
The impact of the

inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society, and

the invention should have been commercialized, utilized, or led to

important innovations.
The 2023 Inductees constitute the ninth class to be inducted into the

Florida Inventors Hall of Fame.
Their groundbreaking discoveries have

transformed medicine and health care, computer technology and

semiconductors, optics and photonics, communications, nuclear energy,

and modern color technology.
They collectively hold more than 1,100

U.S. patents and come from across industry, academia, and government.
Since its founding, the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame has inducted 68

inventors, who collectively hold over 5,100 U.S. patents.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors in Tampa Bay and the residents

of Florida, I am proud to honor the 2023 Inductees to the Florida

Inventors Hall of Fame on this outstanding achievement.
We are

incredibly grateful to these innovators for their contributions to

society and its constant revolutionization through their inventions.
As

the following ten inventors are inducted into the Florida Inventors

Hall of Fame's growing community, I hope this may encourage future

generations to strive toward this achievement and to continue the

spirit of discovery and innovation.