On this day, as we

celebrate the independence of the Mexican people, I want to recognize

the incredible contributions Mexican immigrants have made to our

communities in the Central Valley and across the nation.
As the son of

immigrants, I understand first-hand the perseverance, determination,

and sacrifice of immigrants who come to the United States in search of

greater opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating the 213th Anniversary of the

Independence of Mexico and thanking the Consulate of Mexico in Fresno

for their dedication to the well-being of our Mexican community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL C. HAYES

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the life of

Michael C. Hayes.
Born on August 23, 1950, Michael was raised in Scituate,

Massachusetts by his parents, Miriam and Robert Hayes.
He attended

Thayer Academy in Braintree and graduated from Boston College and

Suffolk Law School.
Infected with polio in 1955, Michael lived the

remainder of his life in leg braces, serving as an inspiration to all

and guiding his lifelong commitment to working for tolerance and

acceptance of all people.
After graduating from law school in 1975, Michael, a third-generation

lawyer, practiced law alongside his brother, Joe, and his cousin, John,

and later went on to serve as an Assistant District Attorney for

Plymouth County.
After a short time in California, Michael returned to

his hometown to practice law on Front Street in Scituate Harbor.
Throughout his legal career, he always sought to help those in need.
Not only did Michael establish himself as a pillar of the community

through his work as an attorney, but he was also a devoted public

servant.
First elected to the Scituate School Committee in 1988 in the wake of

Proposition 2\1/2\ budget cuts, Michael proudly served Scituate's

students until choosing not to run for re-election in 1994.
He was

recognized by the Scituate Town Meeting in 1995 for his ``his untiring

and diligent efforts to secure the funding necessary to support and

maintain excellence in public education despite pressing economic

constraints.''
Michael returned to the school committee in 1998 and

oversaw the construction of the new Jenkins School and an extensive

renovation of Scituate High School and championed the funding for

programs dear to him, including the arts and the METCO program.
In

2014, Michael chose not to seek re-election and took a step back to

concentrate on his health.
Ever committed to Scituate's schools,

Michael returned once more, beginning his third tenure on the School

Committee in 2016, which saw the opening of the new Gates School in

2017.
Michael won his tenth and final term on the School Committee in

2019.
Sadly, Michael left us too soon on August 21, 2023, leaving behind

his children Patrick, Lucy, and Fred, and his five granddaughters,

Chelsea, Lena, June, Iris, and Willow.
Michael was predeceased by his

daughter Heidi Rose.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the life of Michael Hayes, and I ask

that my colleagues

join me in recognizing his life's commitment to serving his town and

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING MONET STRAUB FOR HER SERVICE TO KANSAS

HON.
JAKE LaTURNER

Mr. LaTURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in appreciation for a member

of my staff for her dedicated service to the people of Kansas.
Monet

Straub has been an invaluable member of my team since she joined my

staff in 2017 when I was still serving as State Treasurer.
Monet has

worked tirelessly as my Deputy District Director for the past 2\1/2\

years--helping thousands of Kansans from across the Second

Congressional District navigate our federal agencies through high-

quality and reliable constituent services.