Conscious of this feeling it is important that we remember that while

the missing served the Nation, hundreds of families miss them and plead

that the sacrifice of their loved ones is not forgotten.
Puerto Ricans who were called to serve in distant lands under the

most difficult conditions sacrificed everything, convinced that by

fighting for the freedom of others they were preserving and

guaranteeing the freedom, prosperity and democracy of their loved ones

and of our country.
Inspired by these ideas they performed feats of

courage that surprised their enemies and earned them the respect of

their brothers in arms and the recognition of their superior commands,

creating a legacy of service that is difficult to emulate.
As time passes and the memory of the POW and MIA begin to fade, we

run the risk of forgetting the sacrifice of the Missing in Action and

the scars of their time as Prisoners of War.
I encourage my

congressional colleagues to make a solemn pledge to continually strive

to never forget the honorable legacy of our POW and MIA and ensure that

future generations never forget their sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PRESIDENT BIDEN'S $6 BILLION IRAN PAYOFF

HON.
MICHELLE STEEL

Mrs. STEEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the passage of the MAHSA

Act, which is an important step in holding the Iranian regime

accountable for its continued oppression of its own people.
However, we cannot ignore the Biden Administration's latest misstep

in handing over $6 billion to Iran.
Longstanding U.S. policy dictates that we do not negotiate with

terrorists.
Unfortunately, that is exactly what President Biden did with this

payoff, enabling Iran to continue threatening the security of the free

world.
I've introduced the bipartisan, bicameral Solidifying Iran Sanctions

Act with Foreign Affairs Chairman McCaul.
Our legislation will hold Iran accountable and prevent them from

acquiring nuclear weapons.
Iran poses a serious threat to global

stability and peace.
We need strength--not payoffs and appeasement--to deter future

hostility from this rogue regime.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 112TH NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAIWAN)

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize the 112th National

Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan).
I join all those celebrating this Day, memorializing the beginning of

the Wuchang Uprising on October 10, 1911 that led to the collapse of

the long-reigning imperial Qing Dynasty and foundation of the Republic

of China on January 1, 1912.
Chinese Americans are a vital, valued, and vibrant community not only

in my legislative district, but throughout our United States.
I wish

them and all observing this occasion, Godspeed, and a safe, happy, and

momentous celebration.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District,

I'm privileged, humbled, and honored to commemorate the 112th National

Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan).
May the friendship between our

two Free Nations remain robust.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 45th ANNIVERSARY OF THE CONFERENCE OF WESTERN WAYNE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Conference

of Western Wayne on the occasion of the 45th anniversary of their

founding.
The services that they have provided to 18 different

communities in Western Wayne County are worthy of commendation.
The Conference of Western Wayne was created in 1978 to help integrate

the local governments of Western Wayne County.
Encompassing 18

communities, 340 square miles and over 730,000 residents, the CWW

coordinates 911 services and projects for the residents of Western

Wayne.
CWW also represents its 730,000 residents by meeting monthly to

discuss issues such as transportation, public safety, community and

economic development, the environmental health of the region, and

legislation.
The conference is constantly strategizing on potential

legislation at the federal, state, and local level that impacts the

communities of the conference.