Encompassing 18

communities, 340 square miles and over 730,000 residents, the CWW

coordinates 911 services and projects for the residents of Western

Wayne.
CWW also represents its 730,000 residents by meeting monthly to

discuss issues such as transportation, public safety, community and

economic development, the environmental health of the region, and

legislation.
The conference is constantly strategizing on potential

legislation at the federal, state, and local level that impacts the

communities of the conference.
This constant discussion allows for the

conference to identify areas where their communities can work together

and support each other.
In 2016, the CWW was the first 911 Service District in Wayne County

to implement Text to 911, a service that has done wonders for those who

are deaf, mute, or those for whom English isn't their first language.
On top of their 911 responsibilities, the CWW is also well involved in

the communities they represent.
The CWW oversees the Rescue Recovery

project in partnership with Growth Works and Trinity Health to provide

substance use services to those in need, with a primary focus on opioid

abuse.
Last year, the Western Wayne Rescue Recovery program met with

over 1,100 clients, providing support through face-to-face and

telehealth meetings, as well as coordinating services with healthcare

providers and the court system.
CWW also partners with local Youth

Assistance Programs to help provide families and youth within the CWW

region with the knowledge and skills to make healthy choices.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

achievements of the Conference of Western Wayne over the last 45 years.
With the support of the CWW, the residents of Western Wayne County have

had better response times to emergencies and have had access to a

plethora of programs to enhance their daily life.
We thank the CWW for

all the support they provide to our Western Wayne communities and hope

to see another 45 years of tremendous service to those in need.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CONSULATE OF MEXICO IN FRESNO

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

of california-

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Consulate of

Mexico in Fresno on the 213th Anniversary of the Independence of Mexico

and thank them for their significant contributions to the Central

Valley.
The Consulate of Mexico in Fresno opened in 1931 to support the needs

of Mexican agricultural workers located in the Central Valley.
The

mission of the consulate is to help Mexican citizens assimilate into

the community and advance their rights while residing in California.
For nearly a century, those working in the consulate have been

dedicated to that mission, providing invaluable assistance to local

immigrants including identification services, health guidance, and

educational opportunities.
The consulate connects local immigrants with

the services they need to thrive.
Through their Mobile Consulate, which travels to different cities

across the Central Valley throughout the year, Mexican immigrants have

greater access to the over 30 services the consulate provides.
The

consulate is also focused on the educational outcomes of Mexican

students.
Last year alone, the consulate, in partnership with other local

organizations, granted more than $45,000 in scholarships to 30 college

students pursuing careers in public health.
On this day, as we

celebrate the independence of the Mexican people, I want to recognize

the incredible contributions Mexican immigrants have made to our

communities in the Central Valley and across the nation.
As the son of

immigrants, I understand first-hand the perseverance, determination,

and sacrifice of immigrants who come to the United States in search of

greater opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating the 213th Anniversary of the

Independence of Mexico and thanking the Consulate of Mexico in Fresno

for their dedication to the well-being of our Mexican community.