From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOHNNIE MAE STREATER

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable life of Johnnie Mae Streater, a woman who graced this world

for 81 years.
While her passing marks the end of an era, her legacy of

selfless service to others and her unwavering faith will continue to

live on through the family she leaves behind, her beloved daughter,

Tamond, five grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren.
Born on October 28, 1942, in Leesburg, Florida, Johnnie Mae was the

daughter of Annie Lee Davis, a homemaker, and Samuel Streater, a

steelworker.
She grew up with a strong foundation of love, faith, and

hard work that would guide her throughout her life.
``Momma-Streater,'' as she was known by her family, graduated from

Fifth Avenue High School in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1962.
Soon

after, she relocated to Illinois, where she began her dedicated career

as a Caseworker with the Illinois Department of Public Aid.
For 30

years, she served the community with compassion and integrity, touching

countless lives before retiring with grace.
In the 1970's, Johnnie Mae embraced the Lord Jesus Christ into her

life, a decision that would profoundly shape the rest of her life.
She

Joined Chicago Miracle Temple, formerly known as the Regal Theatre,

founded by the

esteemed R.W. Schambach on the Southside of Chicago.
There, she not

only became a devout Christian but also an ordained Evangelist,

embodying the strength and devotion of her faith.
Despite never

obtaining a driver's license, Johnnie Mae remained a steadfast,

lifelong rider of the Chicago Transit Authority, traveling daily by bus

for her work and church duties.
Her determination and resilience were

reflected in every aspect of her life.
Johnnie Mae was revered by all who knew her.
In the neighborhood,

when she walked down the street, there was an unspoken respect.
Neighbors would remove their hats, hide their beer cans, and straighten

up their behavior, for they knew that ``Momma Streater'' was a woman of

integrity, a true representative of God's love.
Her presence commanded

respect, and no one wanted to disappoint her with anything less than

their best.
Johnnie Mae was the rock of her family, the heart of her

community, and a source of unwavering love and strength.
Her absence

will be deeply felt by all who had the privilege of knowing her.
Mr.

Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life of Ms.

Johnnie Mae Streater.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF THE HONORABLE CURTIS PARHAM ``CP'' REDDING, SR.
HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

a loving husband, dedicated grandfather, doting grandfather, astute

entrepreneur, committed public servant and dear friend of longstanding,

the Honorable Curtis Parham ``CP'' Redding.
Sadly, ``CP'' passed away

on May 9, 2025.
A service to commemorate his remarkable life was held

on May 15, 2025, in Eufaula, Alabama.
Born on September 8, 1932, in Hatcher Station, Quitman County,

Georgia, ``CP'' was the son of Curtis Lowe Redding and Ora Inez (Green)

Redding.
He was a man of unwavering character, known for his commanding

presence, generous spirit, and fierce devotion to his family and

friends.
His kindness, strength, and integrity inspired everyone who

had the privilege of knowing him.
A passionate outdoorsman, ``CP'' enjoyed hunting, traveling cross-

country with his beloved wife Annie Ruth, and creating lasting memories

through his woodworking.
He was a true entrepreneur, operating a

successful logging company for over 25 years while also owning and

managing a country store, bait shop, grocery store, and restaurant.
His

diverse ventures showcased his dedication to serving the community.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space

that we occupy here on this earth.''