Though he stepped down from his

leadership role at St Louis de Montfort Parish in 2022, today, he

continues his ministry by serving as chaplain for the cloistered order

of nuns at the Abbey of Regina Laudis.
As a religious leader, advocate, mentor and friend, Monsignor Tucker

has touched the lives of thousands.
Through all of his good work he has

instilled hope and promise in all of those who have had the good

fortune to work with him.
His spiritual guidance has nourished the

souls of many and his compassion has encouraged others to give more of

themselves.
He has embodied some of the many mottos he has lived by

including ``Success is in the effort, not the outcome'' and ``Joy, pass

it along.''
Today, as he celebrates his 55th year as a priest, he continues to

make a difference in the lives of others--his work a reflection of the

heart of Catholic teachings.
I am proud to extend my deepest thanks and

appreciation as well as my heart-felt congratulations to Monsignor

Robert Tucker as he celebrates this very special milestone.
Happy 55th

Anniversary and best wishes for many more years of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND MIRIAM MERCADO

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute

to the life of Reverend Miriam Mercado and her service to our

community.
Reverend Mercado peacefully passed away in her home on

Easter Day, April 20, 2025, at the age of 101.
On July 23, 1923, Miriam Mercado was born in Puerto Rico.
When she

was nine years old, her family moved to New York, and in 1968, she

moved her family to California where she ultimately resided in the

Inland Empire.
For the past 30 years, Reverend Mercado lived in the City of

Claremont where she served as a Staff Minister to the Claremont Church

of Religious Science.
Additionally, she not only ran a successful

business as a Tax Accountant, but she also spent 18 years volunteering

as a Chaplain at the Pomona Valley Hospital.
Ms. Mercado was a true businesswoman who always kept her roots in

mind.
She made efforts to start a business that served Puerto Rican

rice dishes after discovering the lack of Puerto Rican restaurants in

her neighborhood.
In her adult life, her family and community looked up to her as the

matriarch of her family.
As a single mother, she had six children and

later went on to have two grandchildren and several great-

grandchildren.
When she had the opportunity to further her education,

Rev. Mercado attended San Antonio College in unison with her oldest

grandchild.
Even when met with unexpected challenges, she persisted.
At the age

of 56, a stroke left her aphasic and with communication difficulties,

forcing her to retire.
At 96, she was met with another stroke coupled

with isolation from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Still, Miriam ensured close

communication with her family and others in the community,

demonstrating that unexpected challenges would not strain her

relationships with those she loved.
In her late 70s, she helped found the Agape International Spiritual

Center in Los Angeles.
Inspired by her upbringing as a spiritualist due

to the influence of her Jamaican grandmother, she remained very

involved with the Center for Spiritual Living throughout the rest of

her life.
For her outstanding accomplishments and remarkable life, it is my

honor to recognize Reverend Miriam Mercado.
Her service and commitment

to the Inland Empire and beyond are worthy of the highest commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOHNNIE MAE STREATER

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable life of Johnnie Mae Streater, a woman who graced this world

for 81 years.