Her life's work is a

testament to service, compassion and commitment to Justice and

community advancement.
Ms. Quinn's contributions to healthcare and labor advocacy are

profound.
A proud graduate of SUNY Erie, Ms Quinn was part of its first

graduating class of Registered Nurses--a landmark moment in the

college's history.
For nearly four decades, she has served with

excellence at Kenmore Mercy Hospital, where her clinical expertise,

care and professionalism have earned the respect of colleagues and

recognition from countless patients.
Her influence extends well beyond

the hospital, as vice president of Communications Workers of America

Local 1199 and a dedicated member of the New York State Safe Staffing

Committee; she has been a tireless advocate for safe patient care,

equitable working conditions, and the rights of healthcare workers

across the state.
Her leadership was essential during the CWA strike at Mercy Hospital,

where she fought for union members' rights and engaged directly with

local, state, and federal elected officials.
Thanks to her leadership,

the hardworking employees at Mercy earned a hard-won contract with

improved compensation and safer working conditions, benefiting patients

and workers alike.
In addition to her advocacy, Ms. Quinn is a beloved member of her

local community and Episcopal church where she is spiritually guided by

Father Curry and Bishop Michael Curly.
Her unwavering dedication to

helping other is reflected in her generous support providing food,

housing, clothing, and transportation to those in need.
Mr. Speaker, Vanessa Quinn's legacy is defined by courage, advocacy,

service, and compassion.
I ask that I be joined in honoring the

remarkable life and enduring contributions of Ms. Vanessa Quinn, RN.,
a

proud daughter of Niagara Falls, New York, a devoted servant to her

community, and an inspiring leader whose impact will be felt for

generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BETHANY MOY

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Bethany Moy, for

her work as an intern serving in my D.C. office.
I would like to take

this opportunity to thank her for her hard work and recognize the

meaningful contributions she has made to the office this fall.
Bethany is from Elmsford, New York, and recently graduated from

American University, earning her Masters of International Affairs.
Bethany is a graduate of Gordon College and majored in History with a

minor in Political Science.
Interns work with staff to serve constituents in North Carolina's

11th congressional district.
Bethany was chosen from a competitive pool

and impressive work ethic.
It was a pleasure to work with Bethany, and I am so proud to have had

such an intelligent and ambitious intern representing my office.
Bethany exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the

best that our Nation has to offer.
I congratulate Bethany on the

successful completion of her internship and thank her on behalf of the

people of Western North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JEREMY ZAVITZ

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jeremy

Zavitz, a dedicated educator, loving husband, and devoted father who

touched the lives of so many in our community.
Mr. Zavitz passed away

on February 22, 2025, after a 24-year fight with brain cancer, but his

legacy will live on in the hearts of all who knew him.
Mr. Zavitz was born in Minneapolis and was a proud graduate of Orono

High School.
He later attended the University of St. Thomas, where he

earned a degree in history and teaching.
Initially, Mr. Zavitz embarked

on a career in real estate and business development but ultimately

found his calling in education.
In 2012, Mr. Zavitz began his tenure at

DeLaSalle High School as a social studies teacher, where his vibrant

spirit, unwavering dedication, and passion for teaching radiated.