He was a true entrepreneur, operating a

successful logging company for over 25 years while also owning and

managing a country store, bait shop, grocery store, and restaurant.
His

diverse ventures showcased his dedication to serving the community.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space

that we occupy here on this earth.''
``CP'' paid his rent and he paid

it well.
His commitment to improving lives in the Chattahoochee Valley/

Quitman County was evident through his service on more than 13 boards

and commissions, often as Chairman.
He tirelessly advocated for better

education, healthcare, and public services, leaving a lasting impact on

countless lives.
On a personal note, ``CP'' was my friend and supporter for many

years.
He always advocated for all things Quitman County.
He never told

me what I wanted to hear, he always told me what he felt I needed to

hear.
I will be forever grateful for the timbre of his character and

the fidelity of his friendship.
``CP'' accomplished much in life but none of it would have been

possible without the love and support of his beloved wife of nearly 74

years, Annie Ruth Redding; his children, Vickie Turner (David Gatch) of

Prattville, Alabama, Curtis Parham ``Bubba'' Redding (Dawn) of

Cuthbert, Georgia, and John Melton Redding (Amanda) of Baton Rouge,

Louisiana; and his sister, Gail Redding Corlee (Leonard) of Georgetown,

Georgia.
``CP'' also leaves behind seven grandchildren, nine great-

grandchildren, two great-great-grandchildren, and numerous nieces,

nephews, and cousins.
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 765,00

people of Georgia's Second Congressional District, salute and honor

life of Honorable Curtis Parham ``CP'' Redding, Sr.,
a man of purpose

and heart, whose enduring love for his family and community will never

join us in extending our deepest condolences to his family and all

those who mourn his loss during this difficult time of bereavement.
I

pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and

the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call Votes No.
123 through

Roll Call No.
124.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
123, and YEA on Roll Call No.
124.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 SOUTH FAIRFAX CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ACHIEVEMENT

HONORS GALA HONOREES

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the South

Fairfax Chamber of Commerce and the honorees of the 2025 Achievement

Honors Gala.
Each year, the Chamber brings together community and

business leaders and extraordinary individuals who exemplify service,

innovation, and dedication to our community.
This year's Member to Watch Award recipient is Dr. Swathi M. Reddy of

All Smiles Orthodontics.
A native of India and a lifelong learner, Dr.

Reddy has pursued excellence in her field across three countries.
She

earned her dental degree in India, her DMD from Boston University where

she graduated with high honors and was inducted into the Omicron Kappa

Upsilon honor fraternity, and her specialization in Orthodontics from

the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
As a local practitioner and

community leader, Dr. Reddy has donated 3D printers to elementary

schools and actively supports numerous professional organizations.
She

is a great example of how professional excellence can be paired with

deep community investment.
The Community Impact Award honors two remarkable individuals: Elena

Jordon and Ron Kowalski, both of whom have made lasting contributions

to South Fairfax.
For more than a decade, Elena Jordon has volunteered with the South

County Athletic Booster Club, raising over $40,000 annually and helping

organize major community events such as the Lorton Holiday Extravaganza

and the Spring Fling.