Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NEW YORK STATE SOCIETY OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS BUFFALO CHAPTER; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
82

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NEW YORK STATE SOCIETY OF

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS BUFFALO CHAPTER

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

100th Anniversary of the Buffalo Chapter of the New York State Society

of Certified Public Accountants (NYCPA).
Since its founding on February

5, 1925, the Buffalo Chapter of NYCPA has been a pillar of Western New

York's professional and civic life.
Visionaries like Mr. Luther K.

Watkins, Mr. William J. Gunnell, and Mr. Edward C. Gruen joined

together with a group of dedicated Certified Public Accountants to

build a local organization where accounting professionals could connect

and collaborate.
Their vision created a foundation that continues to

thrive today.
Now, a full century later, the NYCPA Buffalo Chapter has become one

of the most dynamic and active in New York State, proudly serving

members across Allegany, Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee,

Niagara, Orleans, and Wyoming Counties.
Under the leadership of Chapter

President Ms. Mindy Rose Elinski, and following in the impressive

footsteps of past presidents, the Buffalo Chapter continues to embody

the spirit of collaboration, mentorship, and community that its

founders have worked tirelessly to establish.
Through events like Buffalo Educational Night and New CPA

Celebration, the Buffalo Chapter brings together students, educators,

and career professionals to celebrate academic excellence and career

achievement.
The New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants

Buffalo Chapter has been a source of support, growth, and inspiration

for generations.
The Buffalo Chapter has consistently worked to engage

everyone from high school students to reirees, ensuring the accounting

profession remains resilient, inclusive, and future-focused.
What makes the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants

Buffalo Chapter so special is not just its professional excellence, but

its heart.
As we celebrate 100 years of their Buffalo chapter, let us

recognize their success and contributions to Western New York.
Their

work reminds us that when we invest in people, nurture talent, mentor

the next generation, and support each other, we all benefit together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF CATHY BLYTHE

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the life

of one of Lincoln's cornerstones: Cathy Blythe.
Growing up in Lincoln, Cathy quickly knew that she wanted to pursue a

career in broadcasting.
She got her start at KFOR in 1972 and worked

her way up to eventually become the co-host of the KFOR Morning Show.
Over the years, Cathy touched the hearts of all who tuned in.
Her

stories and wit cemented her reputation, which was only rivaled by her

active involvement in local charities and nonprofits.
Cathy's dedication, talent, and integrity were recognized with her

induction into the Nebraska Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame in

2011.
Cathy will be deeply missed by all of us--especially by the

generations of listeners who enjoyed her broadcasts before her

retirement.
Our hearts and prayers go out to her loved ones as we all

celebrate the life of one of Lincoln's brightest lights.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING VANESSA QUINN

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Ms.

Vanessa Quinn, R.N., a distinguished nurse, union leader, advocate, and

trailblazer from Niagara Falls, New York.
Her life's work is a

testament to service, compassion and commitment to Justice and

community advancement.
Ms. Quinn's contributions to healthcare and labor advocacy are

profound.
A proud graduate of SUNY Erie, Ms Quinn was part of its first

graduating class of Registered Nurses--a landmark moment in the

college's history.