He later attended the University of St. Thomas, where he

earned a degree in history and teaching.
Initially, Mr. Zavitz embarked

on a career in real estate and business development but ultimately

found his calling in education.
In 2012, Mr. Zavitz began his tenure at

DeLaSalle High School as a social studies teacher, where his vibrant

spirit, unwavering dedication, and passion for teaching radiated.
Known for his energetic and engaging classes, Mr. Zavitz had the

unique ability to transform lessons into powerful stories that

captivated his students.
His approach to teaching was rooted in

authenticity and compassion, making every student feel welcome, valued,

and heard.
Colleagues and students alike remember him not just for his

knowledge and dedication to teaching but also for his commitment to

living a life of purpose.
Jeremy is survived by his loving wife, Maud Zavitz, and their 7-year-

old son, Edmund John Zavitz.
He leaves behind a legacy not only through

his family but through the generations of students who carry forward

his lessons of kindness, authenticity, and perseverance.
Mr. Speaker, Jeremy Zavitz was a true example of what it means to

lead a life of service to others, and his impact on DeLaSalle High

School, his community in South Minneapolis, and his family will never

be forgotten.
Today, we honor his memory and express our deepest

condolences to his family and all who were fortunate enough to know

him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MONSIGNOR ROBERT TUCKER ON HIS 55TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to

rise today to join family, friends, and parishioners in paying tribute

to Monsignor Robert Tucker, as he celebrates his 55th pastoral

anniversary with a special Mass at the Abbey of Regina Laudis in

Bethlehem, Connecticut.
Born in Torrington, Monsignor Tucker attended St. Francis School and

Torrington High School before pursuing the priesthood at St. Thomas

Seminary and St. Bonaventure University.
Following his ordainment by

Archbishop Whelan in 1970, he served parishes in Meriden, Simsbury, and

New Britain where he served in various youth ministries as well as

archdiocesan vocation director.
However, it was at St. Anthony of Padua

in Litchfield where he found his pastoral home and where he spent a

majority of his pastoral career.
In addition to his duties at St.

Anthony of Padua, Monsignor Tucker became pastor of both St. Thomas of

Villanova Church in Goshen and Our Lady of Grace Church in Bantam.
In

2017 his steadfast faith and deep commitment to his congregants led all

three parishes through a restructuring, bringing them under the

umbrella of St. Louis de Montfort Parish Corporation.
Over his more

than fifty years of ministry, he has earned the respect and admiration

that in 2020, Pope Francis approved his nomination by Archbishop

Blair's for the honorary title of monsignor.
Over the course of his ministry, Monsignor Tucker did so much more

than preside over Masses at the churches he led.
He visited the sick at

Charlotte Hungerford Hospital where he was chaplain, fortifying the

spiritual centers of patients and their loved ones.
He spent many

summers working at Camp Workcoeman, one of the oldest continuously

operated Scout camps in the country.
And his weekly column in the

Register Citizen, strengthened his deep connections to the community as

well as parishioners and friends.
Though he stepped down from his

leadership role at St Louis de Montfort Parish in 2022, today, he

continues his ministry by serving as chaplain for the cloistered order

of nuns at the Abbey of Regina Laudis.
As a religious leader, advocate, mentor and friend, Monsignor Tucker

has touched the lives of thousands.
Through all of his good work he has

instilled hope and promise in all of those who have had the good

fortune to work with him.