Ms. LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club, and their continued dedication to conservation and environmental action and advocacy in the Bay Area.
The Sierra Club was originally founded in 1892, and the San Francisco Bay Chapter was established in 1924, including Alameda, San Francisco, Contra Costa, Marin, and San Mateo counties.
Since its founding in 1924, the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club has persisted in its mission to advance conservation and environmental action in the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond.
Throughout their history, the chapter has advocated for the preservation of natural landscapes, the protection of wildlife habitats, and the promotion of sustainability in public policy.
Now in 2024, the Sierra Club continues its work to be a leader of climate action and environmental justice.
Early accomplishments of the Bay Chapter include supporting the creation.
Tamalpais State Park and the East Bay Regional Park District, a system of parks and trails throughout Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
In the decades that followed, the chapter played a key role in the creation of landmark legislation such as the Wilderness Act of 1964, the Save the Bay movement of the mid-'60s, and the creation of McLaughlin Eastshore State Park in Berkeley, California.
In more recent years, the Bay Chapter has focused on addressing pressing environmental challenges such as climate change and urban sprawl.
Through grassroots organizing, advocacy campaigns, and community outreach, the Sierra Club has worked to promote renewable energy, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and advocate for sustainable land use policies.
The Bay Chapter balances its important campaign priorities with a love of the outdoors, encouraging community members to experience the outdoors for themselves through one of their vibrant activity groups.
The Bay Chapter's commitment to environmental justice and equitable access to nature is a central part of its mission.
From tree-planting campaigns in Oakland to passing Climate Literacy resolutions in local school districts, the Sierra Club aims to create a Bay Area where the outdoors and healthy, livable communities are available to all.
I honor the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club for a century of environmental advocacy and critical service to our community.
Their legacy of leadership and commitment to action will inspire positive change in California's 12th Congressional District and beyond for years to come.
Here's to many more years of inspiring dedication to exploring, enjoying, and protecting our environment.