Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brigadier General Kevin Stewart, the first President and CEO of the Carolina Museum of the Marine.
BGen Stewart, an Iraq and Afghanistan War veteran, has served our Nation and his community with great honor and integrity.
He retired from the Marine Corps in 2021 as the Director of the Global Operations Center at U.S. Transportation Command.
He also served as the Commanding General of the 2nd Marine Logistics Group at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, as well as Chief of Staff for the Deputy Commandant for Installations and Logistics, at the United States Marine Corps headquarters.
In his two years as CEO, BGen Stewart has demonstrated remarkable fundraising and marketing prowess.
He secured $4 million from the state government, over $1.9 million in private sector donations, and additional funds from the city and county governments.
He also launched the first regional TV and live-streaming ad campaign for the Carolina Museum of the Marine.
BGen Stewart implemented the organization's first brand guidelines and upgraded the website.
Under his leadership, the Carolina Museum of the Marine is coming to life.
BGen Stewart is to be commended for assembling a team of outstanding design and construction firms and finalizing the necessary approvals for the museum.
The official groundbreaking earlier this year celebrated the start of museum construction, and you can now see the walls going up as you drive by the Lejeune Memorial Gardens.
To support this physical progress, he also strengthened the museum's organization, building a top-notch staff, improving fiscal management, and planning for its operations.
This transformational project is becoming so much more than just a museum and far surpassing traditional expectations.
BGen Stewart led development of the Carolina Museum of the Marine's Al Gray Marine Leadership Forum that teaches the core values of the Marine Corps, strategic thinking, and leadership traits.
He oversaw construction of the studio for the Leadership Forum and helped to shape the compelling programming created there.
Words do little justice when trying to fully capture the contributions
BGen Stewart has made to our great Nation and to the development of this museum from the ground up.
His talent and leadership skills are truly second to none.
It has been an honor to witness his efforts to memorialize the history of our beloved Sailors and Marines in the Carolinas.
I wish BGen Stewart swift recovery and look forward to seeing all that he accomplishes in the future.