Mr. HIGGINS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant General Matthew G. Glavy, who serves his country with the pride and honor befitting the highest ranks of the United States Marine Corps.
Born in 1963 at Mercy Hospital in Buffalo, New York, Lieutenant General Matthew Glavy grew up with his 3 siblings under the name ``Jerry.''
Calling Western New York home, Lieutenant General Glavy finds comfort in Buffalo style wings, the Buffalo Bills, and the cold winter climate.
As a child, Lieutenant General Matthew Glavy was an avid sports fan, having played youth league football in his childhood, later lettering in cross country and track in high school before graduating in 1981.
Lieutenant General Glavy exemplifies every aspect of courage, determination, and service denominated in the timeless motto of the Marine Corps, ``Semper Fi.''
having served in all 3 designations: the operating forces, the supporting establishment, and in the headquarters.
As a member of the operating forces and supporting establishment, Lieutenant General Glavy served ``at the heart of the Marine Corps'' in various assignments, including as an aircraft maintenance officer, weapons and tactics officer and embark officer, and current operations officer, eventually climbing the ranks to commanding general and U.S. Marine Corps Forces Cyberspace Command and Space Command.
General Glavy also supported his troops, his country, and his family, in the USMC Headquarters, where he served, among many impressive assignments, as platoon commander, White House liaison officer, and presidential command pilot.
Lieutenant General Glavy currently serves as the Deputy Commandant for Information and 2nd Commander of the Marine Corps Forces Strategic Command.
Lieutenant General Glavy will be returning to the Buffalo area as the keynote speaker at the reunion of the 3rd Battalion, 26th Marines.
Today, I'm asking all present to join me in honoring Lieutenant General Matthew G. Glavy for his lengthy service and dedication to our great Nation.