Mr. HIGGINS.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize Legislator Mark Grozio and his remarkable career in public service.
As a lifelong resident, graduate of LaSalle High School, and graduate of Niagara County Community College, Mark has always been equipped with a deep-seated familiarity and knowledge of his community.
His career as a county legislator was preceded by over 3 decades as a wireman and IBEW member.
He graduated from apprenticeship school, and naturally, his predilection for leadership roles made him a good fit for serving as assistant business manager for over 10 years at IBEW Local 237.
Mark served on the contract negotiation committee, executive board, and labor management committee.
Needless to say, Legislator Grozio has long understood the value of labor unions and apprenticeship training.
This experience served him well in the legislature while dealing with issues of economic development, infrastructure, and facilities.
Through the years, Mark sought additional ways to enhance his community.
He served on the Niagara Falls planning board, the Niagara Falls electrical board, and volunteers for the festival of lights and Veterans Memorial at Hyde Park in Niagara Falls.
He has worked with United Way, coached Little League baseball, and assisted with several ice hockey organizations.
Every hour that Mark devotes to one of these causes shows his true character--one that is serviceoriented and generous.
Some of the hallmarks of a great career in public service are competence and a keen awareness of the issues facing your constituency.
Legislator Mark Grozio exemplified these 2 characteristics for 10 years in the county legislature, and all the residents of Niagara County owe him a debt of gratitude.
After countless hearings, meetings, and events, it is time that we wish Mark a very happy retirement.
He will surely enjoy more time with his wife of 40 years, Lynda, and his entire family.
In the meantime, his community will continue to reap the benefits of his career of hard work.