My Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage has seen a 35% population increase in the last 20 years.
My constituents recognise the need for affordable housing, but the current planning system is not delivering the GP surgeries, dentists and transport options they need.
Will the Prime Minister restore faith in the planning system and, as well as focusing on housing numbers, deliver the local targets for health services and wider infrastructure that growing communities need?
We are, of course, delivering 1.5 million homes, but we are also creating communities for the future.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that that must include good schools, GPs and reliable transport links, which is what makes a good community.
Just today we have announced an additional £350 million to deliver more affordable homes so that more people can realise the dream of home ownership.
This week is National Apprenticeship Week.
As co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for apprenticeships, I can tell the Prime Minister that employers are very pleased to see this week’s announcements, which will make a real difference both to completion rates and to the flexibility around apprenticeships.
Does the Prime Minister agree that schools should be promoting apprenticeships alongside A-levels and other options?
And can he tell us what more he will do to support more young people into apprenticeships?
I am very pleased that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue, and that we will be able to give employers more flexibility on maths and English requirements.
This is really important, as many young people did not get the maths qualification they wanted but are very well suited for the future and want to play their part.
They can now get an apprenticeship under our changes.
These 10,000 extra apprenticeships are delivering for them, giving them a chance to contribute to our economy.
Yesterday, the farming Minister, the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner), told a conference of farmers that farming is “not high on the pecking order” for this Government.
Given the heartless family farm tax, will the Prime Minister say if his Minister is correct—yes or no?
Farming is top of the agenda, as far as I am concerned.
That is why we put £5 billion to support farmers in the Budget—[Interruption.]
The Conservatives failed to spend £300 million on farming on their watch.
We have set out our road map, which has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union, as the hon.
Lady very well knows.
It was described as “long overdue”; I wonder who did not do it before?
Order.
Mr Dewhirst, I am sure you do not want to be leaving today—it is not the best day for it.
As a graduate of the Croydon Youth Philharmonic Orchestra, the Prime Minister will know that youth services can broaden a young person’s horizons beyond what they could ever imagine.
With national spending on youth services having declined 73% since 2010, will the Prime Minister outline how this Government will bring youth services back into our communities, will he look at giving them the statutory protections they deserve and will he visit Croydon East to see at first hand the vital role youth services play in my constituency?
My days with the Croydon Youth Philharmonic Orchestra were a long time ago now, but we fully recognise the importance of youth services.
They save lives and help young people to live safe and healthy lives.
We have been developing our plans for the new national youth strategy, to bring power back to young people and help every young person realise their potential.
Every 22 minutes, a child in this country loses a parent or a loved one.
That is 40,000 children every year facing a trauma that many of us here know can last a lifetime.
Charities such as Winston’s Wish do a fantastic job providing support for young people, particularly when schools are closed or there is no one else to turn to.
However, at the moment there is no simple way for the children to know about those charities or for the charities to contact the children.
Will the Government back my private Member’s Bill this summer to enable that to happen?
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure that another generation of children will not have to face that trauma?