Yesterday marks the 20th anniversary of the launch of the Make Poverty History campaign and of a fantastic speech, remembered by all of us who were there, delivered by the late, great Madiba.
That campaign inspired a generation of campaigners and a great Labour Government to deliver unprecedented action to tackle global poverty, lifting millions out of poverty.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to some of those campaigners and commit to doing all he can to ensure that Britain plays its full part in helping to eradicate global poverty today?
It is a really important issue.
We pay tribute and, of course, we continue to play our full part.
Basingstoke hospital, which is used by residents of half of my North East Hampshire constituency, has had its rebuild delayed by 15 years, despite no ministerial visit to see the worsening conditions.
It is estimated that maintaining the hospital for those 15 will cost almost as much as the rebuild itself.
Will the Prime Minister explain the logic of making taxpayers pay twice?
The hon.
Lady’s constituents are right to be frustrated about the empty, unfunded promises that were left behind by the Conservatives—a point made by her and by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Luke Murphy) .
Under the previous Government’s plan, a new hospital in Basingstoke would simply not have been delivered because it was unfunded: it was a promise without anything behind it.
We have put in place a funded, deliverable plan that will see the hospital built, and we will work closely with the trust to ensure that it is.
The Government’s devolution plans are a welcome progressive development to shift power and resources from Whitehall to our communities.
There are discussions now about the process and the realisation of benefits for our communities.
Will the Prime Minister assure my residents in Worthing West, and those in all constituencies starting priority devolution programmes, that Sussex devolution will give us meaningful control of our local priorities, including housing, transport and social care?