The Prime Minister has just held talks for a UK-EU defence and security partnership, in which the development of artificial intelligence will have been a key theme.
However, last night, the UK chose not to join EU countries in signing the international agreement on AI.
Will the Secretary of State please explain the dissonance in the Government’s approach?
First, let me congratulate President Macron on laying on an incredible summit in Paris which brought together Governments, tech companies and investors.
Britain’s voice was heard loud and clear, which is why we are delivering such extraordinary investment into this country.
The Labour Government signed up to and fully engaged with most of the aspects that were negotiated.
In a few areas, we will put Britain’s interests first.
A couple of other countries did not sign, either, but I did not hear the hon.
Gentleman criticising them.
In Ilford we have worked with Queen Mary University to launch a new satellite campus to teach medicine and dentistry.
Given the growing importance of education in science, engineering, technology and mathematics, what specific steps is the Secretary of State taking to increase educational opportunities in London and across the country?
The Government are working to develop a world-leading science and technology skills base that will drive economic growth and opportunity for all.
We are committed to expanding access and participation in science and technology education, and we are partnering with universities to build the skills and workforce across the United Kingdom.
A month ago, the Prime Minister said that countries will be either AI makers or AI takers.
Does the Secretary of State agree that by not attending the AI safety summit, the Prime Minister has given a clear indication that the UK will be an AI taker?
This Prime Minister has delivered the AI opportunities action plan; this Prime Minister is deploying AI technology and productivity tools across Government;   and this Prime Minister has brought in £30 billion in investment into digital and AI infrastructure since taking office.
At the same time, this Prime Minister is sorting out the mess left after 14 years of Tory rule.