The Prime Minister did not answer the question.
If he plans to appeal, the appeal might be unsuccessful, and the law will need to be changed.
If he does not appeal, the law will definitely need to be changed.
He talks about a decision made under the previous Government, but it was not made by that Government; it was made by the courts.
The issue we are discussing today is about judicial decisions.
We cannot be in a situation where we allow enormous numbers of people to exploit our laws in this way.
There are millions of people all around the world in terrible situations—we cannot help them all, and we certainly cannot bring them all here.
Will the Prime Minister commit to bringing forward that new legislation or amending his borders Bill?
I have already said that the Home Secretary has already got her team working on closing this loophole.
We do not need to wait for that; we are getting on with that, because we are taking control.
The Conservatives lost control of immigration: we had nearly 1 million people come into this country; we had an open borders experiment.
On Monday this week, they voted against increased powers to deal with those who are running the vile trade of people smuggling.
Same old Tories: open borders, empty promises.
If the Prime Minister was on top of his brief, perhaps he would be able to answer some questions.
Given this crazy decision and so many others, new legislation is needed to clarify the right to a family life in article 8.
[Interruption.]
I am not talking about what he just said; I know Labour MPs do not understand much of what they are saying.
The Prime Minister literally wrote a book on the European convention on human rights.
This is a situation where we need to put our national interests before the ECHR.
Does he agree that we should legislate, even if lawyers warn that that might be incompatible with human rights law?
The right hon.
Lady complains about scripted answers; her script does not allow her to listen to the answer.
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
]
She asked me if we are going to change the law and close the loophole in question one—I said yes.
She asked me again in question two—and I said yes.
She asked me again in question three—it is still yes.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman did not listen to question one.
I asked if he would appeal the decision.
He did not answer that.
He is not listening; he is too busy defending the international human rights law framework.
This case has arisen because a Palestinian came to the UK from Gaza in 2007.
He is now a British citizen.
This is precisely why we need to break the conveyor belt—from  arriving in the UK to acquiring indefinite leave to remain and then a British passport, and now a right to bring six family members here as well.
Just last week, the Prime Minister bizarrely claimed that a British passport was not a pull factor for those coming to the UK.
Will he now support our plans to toughen the process on indefinite leave to remain and make getting a British passport a privilege, not a right?
The Conservatives presided over record high levels of immigration.
It reached nearly 1 million.
It was a one nation experiment in open borders.
The right hon.
Lady was the cheerleader; she was the one campaigning for more people to come and thanking her own side when they supported her campaign.
So, before she lectures us, she needs to reflect on her own record.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is the Prime Minister now.
The people out there want to know what he is going to do about the situation.
He needs to spend less time whining about the last Government and do his job.
I thought the Prime Minister
and I agreed that Israel had a right to defend herself, yet the judge in this case noted that the family were facing a humanitarian crisis “as a consequence of the Israeli Government’s indiscriminate attempts to eliminate Hamas”, and Government lawyers accepted that.
Is the Prime Minister allowing lawyers to change the position on Israel, and was that because of advice from the Attorney General?
If not, why on earth did Government lawyers accept the argument that Israeli actions were “indiscriminate”?
Government lawyers put the complete opposite argument.
The right hon.
Lady talks about being on top of her brief; she has no idea what she is talking about.
I will tell her again: we need to change the law.
That is why the Home Secretary is already closing the gap.
I know the script does not allow any adaptation, but this is getting tedious.