As I have said, we are going through the robust processes to try to make absolutely sure that our national security is not compromised by investment from overseas, and we will continue to do that.
The Grangemouth refinery is a vital piece of Scottish infrastructure, and its economic contribution to the Scottish economy is worth more than £400 million every year.
The Grangemouth refinery is also a joint venture between PetroChina, owned by the Chinese state, and INEOS, a multinational conglomerate.
Together, they are Petroineos.
The refinery is due to close, with thousands of jobs being lost, an unjust transition and Scotland having to rely on importing oil, all at a time of great global volatility.
Why are this Government allowing a foreign Government and private capital dictate Scotland’s industrial capacity, its ability to produce oil and, overall, our national security?
We are not allowing anyone to dictate to us.
I know my hon.
Friend has been deep in conversation for some time with the Minister for Energy over Grangemouth’s future.
To reiterate, we absolutely need to attract investment to meet our clean power mission, to secure our future energy security and, in the long run, to bring down bills for the British people.
We need to balance national security concerns in tandem with that, and neither one takes priority.
We need to tackle those challenges together, and that is what we will do.
Whatever the question about energy is, China is not the answer.
First, we know the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero have raised objections about the Treasury’s push to bring Mingyang Smart Energy into the circuit to bid for this.
Secondly, China is determined to involve slave labour in its products.
We are investing under this Government in solar arrays, which use a huge amount of slave labour in producing polysilicon.
Do the Government not recognise that their tilt towards China to get it to invest runs the real risk of utter dependency on China and serious threats to our security, which have been highlighted endlessly by the security services, and will they now stop?
I recognise that the right hon.
Member has long-standing concerns about the role of China and its investment in our economy.
He has been a great champion of raising concerns about forced labour, and he is right to do so.
We have set up the solar taskforce, as I am sure he is aware, to look at whether there is forced labour in our solar supply chains.
As I have said, a supply chain mission will be launched as part of the global clean power alliance.
This is not something that one country can tackle by itself; we all need to be alert to the risks of slave labour.
I know that an amendment was passed in the House of Lords last night that means the issue will come back to this Chamber soon, and I look forward to the discussion then.
Does the Minister agree that developing our economic and trading relationships with other nations is one lever of many that the Government are using to drive growth and investment, alongside planning reforms, public investment and a proper industrial strategy for the people not only of the UK, but my city?
At the same time, our work across Departments must always have our nation’s security at its core.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we are using a number of levers.
The growth mission and the clean power mission work hand in hand to ensure that energy security and the decarbonisation of our power system contribute to growth in this country, and that means contributing to job creation and, in some cases, overseas investment.
We have set up Great British Energy, and we have the national wealth fund and the clean industry bonus, all of which will help us achieve those objectives.
Have Ministers or officials in the Ministry of Defence, the Home Office or the security services raised any concerns with the  Department over the possibility of offshore structures in British waters being used for Chinese intelligence-gathering technology?
If there are sensitive matters that cannot be discussed in the House, will she commit to holding a private briefing for Members on the security implications of energy infrastructure from China?
I cannot comment on the extent of conversations, other than to reassure the hon.
Member that, of course, those conversations are taking place and will be ongoing and that we are going through robust processes.
Again, because it is not my specific role, I cannot say whether that information could be shared.
I do not think that it can be shared on a day-to-day basis, but I will investigate whether we could arrange a briefing with Members to give some reassurance as to the general approach.
I am surprised that Conservative Members seem to have forgotten the time when they were pushing the golden era of the relationship between the UK and China.
Some of this is a legacy of their time in government, so they should be careful about how they approach this conversation.
I point out to the Minister the role that Grimsby plays in servicing and supporting operations of offshore wind, not only around UK waters but as far as Taiwan.
Those skills, competencies and capabilities exist here in the country, so what additional support will be given to expand those capabilities and support for skills in this country?
My hon.
Friend has been a real champion for Grimsby, and I was glad to see her returned at the recent election, so that she can carry on championing all the potential that Grimsby has to offer, not least in the wind sector.
It is important that we link up skills and capacity—that is one of the obstacles.
We talk often about how grid capacity and planning issues can hold up the roll-out of clean power, but we have to have the skills base as well.
We are working with the Department for Education on how we can train and develop capacity within the existing workforce through things like the growth and skills levy to work on these exciting new projects.