The Minister speaks about being reliant on the petrochemical states and dictatorships that supplied the fuel needed for our energy system, and yet the vast majority of the processed materials needed—whether we construct things here or not—come from China.
We recognise that some of those countries are dictatorships, but will the Minister confirm at the Dispatch Box that a country that uses slave labour, has carried out the most horrendous crimes against the Uyghur population and has sanctioned our own parliamentarians is as much a dictatorship as the countries that she says we want to no longer be reliant on?
If we followed the approach suggested by the Opposition Front Bench, we would be firmly back in the hands of the petrostates and the dictators.
As for our relationship with China, as I have said, we will co-operate where we can, compete where we need to and absolutely challenge if we must.
We have been clear  that no company in the UK should have forced labour in its supply chain.
That is why we have set up the solar taskforce and are going through robust processes ahead of the decision that we are talking about.
I will take no lessons from the right hon.
Member because we have had 14 years of being exposed to a volatile energy market, and we are trying to recreate our energy security through this investment.
Does the Minister agree that, after the real neglect of our energy infrastructure for the past 14 years, setting up GB Energy to help UK ownership of energy production can only be a good thing, and that our investment in critical minerals, particularly in Cornwall, and in the supply chain for floating offshore wind will be crucial for our national security?
On the one hand, Conservative Members raise concerns about critical minerals being imported from abroad.
On the other, when my hon.
Friend, who is a real champion for her area, praises the investment that we have put into lithium extraction in Cornwall, they start jeering.
We will continue to invest through GB Energy and the national wealth fund.
To have true energy security, we need home-grown capability at all stages of the development of renewable energy infrastructure, from the earliest research to maintenance and decommissioning.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we have that home-grown full-lifecycle capability?
From the hon.
Member’s question, she may be talking about community energy—I am not quite sure.
indicated dissent.
In that case, I will say that it is important that any investment is place-based, and we need to look at developing the capability, such as the skills and the capacity of the local authorities—that is where community energy comes in.
We also need to ensure that the finance goes where the investment is needed.
If I have not understood the hon.
Member’s question, I would be happy to take it up with her afterwards.