Prime Minister, I get it: nobody wants to get into a trade war.
But, unlike Peter Mandelson, sometimes you have got to stand up for what you believe in.
My friends in the DUP have learned nothing from their mistake of backing Brexit, and think that tariffs are a laughing matter.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we need to stand up for ourselves, we need to back our workers and we need to back our businesses—not just in Lagan Valley but, indeed, across the UK?
Yes, of course.
The US and the UK share a strong and balanced trading relationship.
We invest hugely in each other’s economies, and we will continue to work closely with President Trump to boost growth and to create jobs.
I reassure the hon.
Lady that we will always act in the best interests of businesses and working people across the whole of the United Kingdom, including, of course, Northern Ireland.
I was baffled on Monday when, given the chance to support legislation, backed by the National Crime Agency, to crack down on criminal smuggler gangs and secure our borders, Conservative and Reform Members linked arms in the voting Lobby to vote against it.
The Conservatives spent three years and £700 million on their ludicrous Rwanda scheme, and  saw four volunteers returned.
Does the Prime Minister agree that there is only one party that is serious about repairing our broken immigration system?
Yes, and let me remind Reform and the Tories what they voted against earlier this week in our borders Bill.
They voted against making it an offence to organise the buying, selling and transport of small boats, against making it an offence to endanger lives at sea, and against powers to arrest suspected people smugglers before the smuggling takes place.
They voted against.
They voted for open borders—both of them.
Last week, the Prime Minister gave yet another threadbare excuse for why he and his north London lawyer friends are giving away the Chagos islands.
This is his decision, and he must own it.
More importantly, he cannot tell us, British taxpayers, how much this is going to cost.
Is it £9 billion?
Is it £18 billion?
Is it £52 billion?  has called this botched deal “insane”, members of his own Cabinet reportedly think it is impossible to understand, and one of his own MPs thinks it is the worst thing that the Labour party has ever done.
Can the Prime Minister tell us which word he thinks best describes this deal?
I set out the position in relation to the Chagos islands last week.
I also offered the Leader of the Opposition a high-level briefing on this matter.
She still has not taken me up on the offer of that briefing.
The Conservatives are asking questions without wanting to know the facts.
It is extraordinary that someone who wants to be Prime Minister does not want to know the facts, even when she is offered a high-level briefing.
The hon.
Gentleman would be better informed if she took me up on the offer of a briefing.