The Minister will be well aware that the growth of AI across the country depends on a ready supply of data and other content on which models can be trained.
She will recognise that much of that content comes from our creative industries, and she will know that they are profoundly troubled that they are not being properly treated by the companies currently scraping their data without their permission or without proper compensation.
I know that the Government will want to resolve that, and she will know that the Data Bill saw amendments made in the other place to address that.
Do the Government intend to resolve this issue by means of the Data Bill or by other means?
If by other means, what other means and when?
The right hon.
and learned Member will know that there is an ongoing consultation looking at clarifying the copyright and AI issues.
There will be a speech this afternoon on the Data Bill that will cover the issue in more detail.
As he will also know, the consultation ends on  25 February , after which we will review its responses to see what we need to do.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Britain is leading the world when it comes to embracing AI.
I have just got back from the Paris AI action summit; the companies that I met there were genuinely excited about our AI opportunities action plan and optimistic about how we are using AI to build a smaller, smarter state.
The new Government Digital Service that I launched last month will harness the power of technology to deliver efficient, convenient public services designed to work for working people.
In recent months it has become obvious that some social media companies’ algorithms are run not in the pursuit of a commercial imperative but in the service of the political interests of their host country.
Can those politicised social media firms be treated as such, to protect the national interest?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question and for the leadership that he has shown in his community in Southport during extremely difficult times.
The Online Safety Act 2023 applies to all users and includes measures to tackle misinformation peddled by foreign states.
He has a specific challenge in his community, and I am very willing to meet him and members of his community to hear directly of the impact that these issues have had.