It has been reported that the Chinese company Mingyang is interested in producing turbines for a new project in the North sea.
Around £60 million of Scottish Government funding has been earmarked for a wind turbine factory near Inverness, in addition to a potential £27 million for Orient Cable to provide subsea cables for island communities.
That is despite the European Union bringing anti-trust cases against China and the Norwegian Government blocking Mingyang from its green infrastructure projects.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the Department will follow the same rigorous processes to assess those risks as the previous Government, which ultimately  blocked Huawei from the 5G network?
This must include an assessment of any opportunities for remote access to the turbines, as the software will normally remain in the control of the manufacturers even once commissioned, leaving them vulnerable to being switched off.
We need local control.
Will the Department reassure the House that discussions are ongoing with the Scottish Government to ensure that no public money is invested before this risk assessment has taken place?
How will Ministers work with the Scottish Government and Cabinet colleagues to ensure that offshore and undersea infrastructure is safe?
The hon.
Lady raises important concerns that we are very much alive to.
As I said in my first answer, energy security is critical to the Department’s work and that is why we have the clean power mission to end our dependency on fossil fuels.
International investment is a crucial part of that and helps to support growth and jobs across the country.
As part of that, we have discussions with a wide range of international investors, but we absolutely recognise that this needs to be balanced against national security implications.
We work on that constantly across Government with input from a number of Departments, and I am pleased to see my hon.
Friend the Minister for Security from the Home Office here for the urgent question.
The Government have to consider both those aspects together: the need for investment and for greater capacity in our supply chains, and the security risk.
While I cannot get into the details of the individual case, given the nature of the ongoing discussions, I reassure the hon.
Lady that we are taking these factors into account.
We do want to make sure that the most robust processes are followed as we look at the details of this particular issue.