Online pornography sites are awash with content that depicts sexual activity with children.
Adult performers are made to look like children through props such as stuffed toys and school uniforms.
Popular search tags include “homework”, “pigtails”, “teen” and “barely legal”, and the content is often particularly violent.
Videos that depict incest such as sex between fathers and daughters and between brothers and sisters are also prevalent.
Child protection experts warn that  this content, which is illegal offline, sexualises children and is driving demand for child sexual abuse material.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need urgent action following the pornography review to equalise online and offline content regulation, to tackle violence against women and girls and shut down a gateway to paedophilic content?
Of course, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Additional powers will be coming online via the Online Safety Act 2023.
I wish that those powers had come into force earlier; that was a legacy of the previous Government.
We have done everything we can to expedite those powers as quickly as we can.
From March onwards, there will be powers that make extreme pornography illegal and that require sites to protect children from accessing pornography.
Child sexual abuse and its related activity should not be called pornography—it is rape, and it should be called what it is—and we should do everything we can to keep it offline.
What progress he has made on setting up AI growth zones across the country.
As detailed in the “AI Opportunities Action Plan”, artificial intelligence growth zones will help to secure the UK’s position as a global leader in AI, ensuring that benefits are felt across the whole of the UK.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that on Monday we invited local and regional authorities along with the industry to come forward with potential suitable sites for hosting AI infrastructure.
Rochester and Strood, positioned between London and mainland Europe, is well placed to help drive the UK’s AI economy.
We have: several net zero energy projects ready to go, with further plans for a data centre and battery storage; a council that is already using AI and which created an AI accelerator programme to support local businesses; and three university campuses that are driving innovation.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss my constituency’s potential as a future AI growth zone?