The Minister is all over the place on this.
In her opening remarks, she said that the United Kingdom has a world-leading renewable energy industry.
If we did, we would not be having this discussion about foreign imported infrastructure.
Notwithstanding the Tories’ total failure over 14 years to invest in the industrial base for renewable energy manufacturing across the United Kingdom, what is the Government’s strategy to get in front of this, not just in manufacturing but in resource supply, enterprise resource planning and intellectual property?
What is the big shift that the Government have planned?
I just hear jibber-jabber.
That is not very polite of the hon.
Member.
As I have said, we are doing all we can to attract investment into the UK, so that we can be as reliant as possible on our own resources—that means our own supply chain and attracting investment and so on.
We are doing that through the national wealth fund and through GB Energy.
I do not know to what extent he took part in debate on the Great British Energy Bill, but there was much discussion then.
As I have said, this issue must be solved on an international level.
We are doing a lot of work with our colleagues to make the North sea the green power plant of Europe through the North Seas Energy Co-operation council, and we have set up the global clean power alliance.
We cannot act alone—although I know that the Scottish National party prefers that approach.
We are working in co-operation but also in the best interests of the British economy.
Can the Minister confirm that her Department’s work is entirely consistent with the Government’s approach to China: co-operate where we can, compete where we need to and challenge where we must?
That is exactly our approach, and it is the right approach.
Perhaps the Opposition Front Benchers would advocate not co-operating with China, but it is an incredibly important player on the world stage, and we gain nothing from completely turning our back on it and not engaging in dialogue.
Following its illegal invasion of Ukraine, we saw how Russia responded in the global tarrifs sanctions market: it tried to use its dominance in the nuclear fuel market to put pressure on Ukraine’s allies.
We see the vulnerability in our energy supply chain when our enemies, and allies of those enemies, want to use it against us.
Former head of MI6 Sir Richard Dearlove says that the Government’s target of decarbonising the grid hands power to Beijing.
We have enough oil and gas in the UK not to have to rely on dictator states, so why do we not just get drilling and get our own oil and gas out of the ground?
I suspect that, in their mad dash to decarbonise the grid, the Government will not do that, but have they undertaken a risk assessment of the strategic vulnerability of our national security in our increasing reliance on Chinese rare earth minerals and battery production?
I think I have made it clear that there are ongoing conversations about that, and that we take national security incredibly seriously when we consider investment decisions.
On what the hon.
Member said about producing more oil and gas here for our own use, I think he needs a lesson in how the energy markets work—there is no guarantee that it would be used here.
The issue is the Labour Government’s rush to decarbonise by 2030, which means that this country does not have the capabilities to fulfil all the requirements to deliver on these projects.
Until we do, we will always be reliant on overseas powers and people, such as the Chinese Government and Chinese manufacturers, to deliver what we need in order to decarbonise.
Are the Government prepared and happy to sacrifice our national security and our energy security to reach that 2030 target?
It sounds very much like the hon.
Member is making the case for an industrial strategy  that ensures that we can match demand with supply.
That approach was particularly missing from the previous Government.
Almost on a weekly basis, we are lectured by the net zero-obsessed Secretary of State that the race for renewables is necessary in order to give this country a secure future supply of energy.
Yet the renewables industry is increasingly dependent on Chinese technology, and on rare earth metals, of which the Chinese control 70%, so we are placing our future energy supply in the hands of a dictatorship that has proved itself willing to use such infrastructure to blackmail the countries in which it is based.
Should we not consider the supply of fossil fuels in this country—decades of oil and gas—which we could use without interference from others?
We believe that the best route to energy security is through our clean power by 2030 mission and further investment in renewables.
That remains our stance.