The unwavering support of her partner of twenty-seven years, John

Roberts, played a pivotal role in Dr. Kaye's journey.
Although John is

no longer with us, his influence continues to inspire her work and

dedication to serving others.
Dr. Kaye's nurturing spirit extends to her family and the wider

community.
Her involvement with the Cancer Support Community at Gilda's

Club in Warminster since its inception in 2003 underscores her enduring

commitment to supporting those in need.
Dr. Yvonne Kaye's multifaceted contributions as a mother,

grandmother, storyteller, writer, published author, thanatologist,

humorist, and former radio show personality reflect her profound

dedication to uplifting and enriching the lives of others.
Her resilience, empathy, and unwavering commitment to the well-being

of our community are truly commendable.
Dr. Kaye's work in bereavement,

particularly with families who have lost children, serves as a

testament to her compassion and dedication to healing.
In recognition of her outstanding service and positive impact, we

extend our deepest gratitude to Dr. Yvonne Kaye.
May she continue to

inspire and uplift those around her for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SOLEBURY TOWNSHIP POLICE CHIEF DOMINICK P. BELLIZZIE'S

RETIREMENT

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent of my district, Solebury Police Chief Dominick

P. Bellizzie who is retiring on July 1, 2024 after 48 years of

dedicated and faithful service to the citizens of Southeastern

Pennsylvania.
After high school, Dominick joined the United States Navy where he

served prior to his law enforcement career.
He found his lifelong

career on May 17, 1975 when he started as a police officer at the City

of Philadelphia Police Department, working in patrol, investigations,

administration, and narcotics.
Dominick has had extensive police training, including the Federal

Bureau of Investigation National Academy in Quantico, Virginia.
Chief

Bellizzie was also selected by the International Association of Chiefs

methods.
In 2002, Chief Bellizzie became the Chief of Police for the City of

Coatesville Police Department in Chester County, Pennsylvania.
He left

Coatesville Police Department in 2006 to lead the Solebury Township

Police Department.
Under the leadership of Chief Dominick Bellizzie,

the Solebury Township Police Department was transformed from a pre-21st

century department to an innovative community-based police department.
The principles of leadership, service, honesty, integrity, humility,

purpose, and trust were part of Dominick's devotion to law enforcement

and his officers.
I wish to congratulate Dominick on his almost five decades of service

to the citizens of Bucks, Chester, and Philadelphia Counties, and on

his well-deserved retirement from the Solebury Township Police

Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2024 PATHFINDER SCHOLARSHIP FIRST PLACE

WINNER EMILIA McGOVERN IN THE BUSINESS CATEGORY

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Emilia

McGovern, the first-place winner of the prestigious Pathfinder

Scholarship in the Business category.
This scholarship is awarded to

Palm Beach and Martin County students who have displayed excellence in

their academic and communal endeavors in a multitude of categories.
Emilia's academic journey is a testament to her dedication and

passion.
She earned an AICE Diploma with Distinction from Cambridge

University and College Board Hispanic Recognition, showcasing her

academic prowess.
Her leadership role in her high school's Marketing

Academy and her commendable performance in DECA competitions, where she

secured the 5th position in the state for Marketing Communications,

demonstrate her commitment to her community.
Her aspiration to pursue a

degree in public relations to become a social media manager is a

reflection of her forward-thinking mindset and her desire to make a

positive impact.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today to recognize Ms. Emilia McGovern as

an excellent student and notable contributor to the field of business.