His service on behalf of the military did not end there.
He served as

the Director of the Liaison for the Office of Legislative Affairs where

he worked to recommission battleships.
He also worked on the 7B

Maritime Prepositioning Ship Program and served as the Project Manager

for the Aegis Ship Building Project.
He also served as the senior

military Chief of Staff to the Under Secretary of Navy for Acquisition,

Research and Development.
His commitment to the military both in active

service and in retirement was commendable.
Admiral Greene also had a long history of community outreach and

service.
He served as the Chair of Henry's Fork Foundation in Ashland,

Idaho, and as founder and sponsor of the Rear Admiral Greene Colgate

Internship.
He also served on the board of the American Chestnut Land

Trust in Maryland, and advised other environmental organizations, such

as the Teton Regional Land Trust and the Tuolumne River Land Trust.
His

active involvement in countless environmental organizations revealed

the depth of his dedication

to preserving public lands for future generations.
Admiral Greene's dedication to serving his community was evident

throughout his life.
His ability to bring people together to work

towards a common goal never failed to bring success.
People knew that

if they worked with him, they would be working with a competent and

exceptionally knowledgeable leader.
He also had an unconditional love

for his family, which shone through in every interaction.
Mr. Speaker, we thank Admiral Greene for his dedicated service to our

military and our broader community.
Therefore, it is fitting and proper

that we honor his life and legacy here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SOUTH REDFORD SCHOOL DISTRICT'S INNOVATION CENTER

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the South Redford

School District as they celebrate the grand opening of their Innovation

Center.
The Innovation Center proudly offers new programming for building

trades, culinary paths, welding, health professions, and hospitality.
This new programming will open innumerable doors to so many students

within the district, ensuring that they find what fits their passions.
The Center is also equipped to ensure that its students have the

needed career preparatory skills to succeed after graduation.
These

skills include the creation of an Educational Development Plan,

apprenticeship programs, and paid or non-paid internships.
Additionally, the Center works to guide its students into any path they

choose to embark on.
This means that they put an important focus on

aiding their employability or assisting them with navigating post-

secondary institutions.
Please join me and the 12th Congressional District in celebrating the

opening of Redford School District's Innovation Center and the

subsequent launch of their newest programming.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SURVIVORS OF THE HOLOCAUST ON HOLOCAUST SURVIVOR DAY

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Holocaust

Survivor Day.
On June 4th, we come together to celebrate the survivors

for their bravery, sacrifices, and lives.
Holocaust survivors are our teachers, and it is our collective

responsibility to pass on the legacy of their testimonies.
I would like to recognize and honor the following survivors Frances

Gaspar, 103 years old; Chaim Greenberg, 102 years old; Lucy Blicker,

102 years old; Elaine Lefkowitz, 101 years old; Hana Altarac, 104 years

old; Allan Feld, 105 years old; Rena Reiter, 101 years old; Rosa

Lindenberg, 100 years old; Rose Boyarsky, 100 years old; Herman Haller,

100 years old; Betty Eisdorfer, 100 years old; Estelle Dreese, 100

years old; David Elefant, 100 years old; Miriam Rozenbaum, 100 years

old; and Lena Porter, 100 years old.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Florida's 23rd Congressional District,

please Join me in commemorating Holocaust Survivor Day.
May their

stories be forever remembered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHIGAN'S CARIBBEAN AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.