Mr.

Johnson's contributions to the wine community, both locally and beyond,

exemplify a commitment to excellence and leadership.
Mr. Johnson's earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of

Pittsburgh, and a Masters in Wine Business from the University of

Adelaide.
Mr. Johnson's career in the wine community spans over three decades,

during which he has tirelessly worked to elevate the visibility and

viability of the Wine Business Institute at Sonoma State University in

Sonoma County, California.
Since assuming the role of Executive

Director in 2010, Mr. Johnson has spearheaded initiatives that have

propelled the department to new heights, generating millions of dollars

in support for its students, faculty, and programs.
His visionary

leadership and strategic acumen have been instrumental in shaping the

future of wine education and business.
Beyond his professional career, Mr. Johnson's passion for wine runs

deep.
While working at a French restaurant in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,

he discovered his love for wine and embarked on a transformative career

path that led him to California.
Mr. Johnson's journey from a tour

guide at Christian Brothers to the helm of the Wine Business Institute

is a testament to his unwavering determination and dedication to his

craft.
What sets Mr. Johnson apart is not only his expertise in wine

education and business but also his commitment to sharing his knowledge

and passion with others.
Through his work at the Wine Business

Institute, Ray has empowered countless individuals to pursue their

passions and unlock their full potential in the wine community.
His

belief in the transformative power of education is evident in every

aspect of his work, from the classroom to the boardroom.
His dedication to education culminated in the launch of the Executive

Wine MBA program in 2012, the first of its kind in the nation.
Additionally, Mr. Johnson played a pivotal role in founding the Sonoma

State Wine Cellars, which provides students with invaluable hands-on

experience in the wine community.
Mr. Speaker, we thank Mr. Johnson for his dedicated service to the

wine community.
His passion, leadership, and unwavering commitment to

education have left an indelible mark on us all.
Therefore, it is

fitting and proper that we honor him here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REAR ADMIRAL U.S. NAVY (RET) JAMES BERNARD GREENE, JR.
HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rear

Admiral James Bernard, Jr., who was an esteemed member of our

community.
Mr. Greene is being laid to rest today in Arlington National

Cemetery with full military honors.
Admiral Greene was born on June 6, 1941, in New Brunswick, New

Jersey.
He marrried his first wife, Diane, in 1964, and had four

children.
After his first wife died, he married his second wife, Susan,

in 2005, and welcomed three stepchildren and countless step-

grandchildren into his life.
He received a Bachelor of Science from

Brown University, and a Master of Science in both Electrical

Engineering and Management from the Naval Post Graduate School in

Monterey.
Admiral Greene's long career in the military is commendable.
After

joining the ROTC at Brown from 1959 to 1964, he was commissioned into

the U.S. Navy, where he served in active duty from 1964 to 1995.
Even

after retirement from active duty, he continued his service in the

military by working at the Naval Post Graduate School as a Professor of

the Practice and Chair of Acquisition, where he helped to launch and

serve as Director of the Acquisition Research Program.
His service on behalf of the military did not end there.
He served as

the Director of the Liaison for the Office of Legislative Affairs where

he worked to recommission battleships.
He also worked on the 7B

Maritime Prepositioning Ship Program and served as the Project Manager

for the Aegis Ship Building Project.