During the Vietnam War, he served as a

navigator on KC-135 refueling aircraft, spending most of his time doing

so stationed in temporary duty in Okinawa.
During this time, he also

served as a mission coordinator on EC-47 electronic reconnaissance

aircraft.
Our country is safer because of the courage and sacrifice Mr.

Haupt has shown throughout his long career.
After retiring from the military in 1984, Mr Haupt was employed as a

financial planner, where he worked for about five years.
Later, he

taught at the junior high and high school levels for nine more years.
His dedication to serving his community both in and out of uniform is

honorable.
Even after his official retirement, Mr. Haupt continues to serve his

country.
He has conducted admissions outreach for the U.S. Military

Academy at West Point for the North Bay Region for thirty years.
He has

also served as my Academy Nomination Coordinator, where he has led my

nomination panel and helped to nominate dozens of young men and women

dedicated to serving our country.
His level of detail to support our

nation's future leaders is commendable.
Mr. Haupt's work on behalf of our Napa County community is awe-

inspiring.
He has been an active member of the Napa Sunrise Rotary

club, where he works heavily in their youth and educational programs.
We are grateful for his leadership in our community.
Mr. Speaker, we thank Mr. Haupt for his dedicated service to our

military and our broader Napa County community.
Therefore, it is

fitting and proper that we honor him here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NIKOLAS ROGERS ON RECEIVING THE 2024 YOUTH OF THE YEAR AWARD

HON.
KAY GRANGER

Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor NiKolas Rogers on

being named the 2024 Youth of the Year at the Boys and Girls Clubs of

Greater Tarrant County.
NiKolas has consistently demonstrated

exceptional leadership, dedication, and commitment to excellence that

truly sets him apart, making him a deserving recipient of this

prestigious honor.
NiKolas has shown an unwavering passion for academic success and

personal growth.
His involvement in Upward Bound has not only enriched

his own life but also positively impacted those around him.
He has a

unique ability to inspire his peers and lead by example, always

striving to make our community a better place.
As a student at Trimble Tech High School, NiKolas excels, maintaining

high grades and a strong commitment to his education.
He approaches

every challenge with determination and a positive attitude, embodying

the values of hard work and perseverance.
His intellectual curiosity

and eagerness to learn are truly commendable.
NiKolas is also willing to lend a helping hand at any time and offer

support to those in need.
His genuine concern for others and his

ability to connect with people on a personal level make him a beloved

member of Upward Bound and our community in Tarrant County.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating NiKolas Rogers on

receiving this award and in wishing him all the best in his future

endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RAY JOHNSON

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ray

Johnson, the Executive Director of the Wine Business Institute.
Mr.

Johnson's contributions to the wine community, both locally and beyond,

exemplify a commitment to excellence and leadership.
Mr. Johnson's earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of

Pittsburgh, and a Masters in Wine Business from the University of

Adelaide.
Mr. Johnson's career in the wine community spans over three decades,

during which he has tirelessly worked to elevate the visibility and

viability of the Wine Business Institute at Sonoma State University in

Sonoma County, California.