Rebecca has been a driving force behind the continued

success of our Sandy Run Service Unit Summer Day Camp which draws 100

girls each year from the Service Unit and neighboring towns.
She has

expanded and built a community of parents, volunteers, and community

leaders who have worked together to build girls with courage,

confidence, and character.
Rebecca has been a champion for girl-led leadership opportunities

within the Service Unit.
She has gone above and beyond in her service

to ensure every girl who wanted to belong to a Girl Scout troop is

included.
Girls from disbanded troops or former Juliette Scouts were

included by welcoming them into her own established older girl troop.
Rebecca's welcoming hand ensured these girls remained active in Girl

Scouting and many went on to achieve Silver and Gold Awards through her

encouragement.
When 23 little kindergartners needed a leader so they

could join Girl Scouts, Rebecca again stepped in to become the leader

graduation.
In 2023, Rebecca received the Gertrude K. McGonigle Award, which

recognizes one individual a year from Girl Scouts of Eastern

Pennsylvania's nine county footprint who has been a registered Girl

Scout volunteer for a minimum of ten years, has proven to be a positive

role model while working directly with girls, and has exemplified the

values and traditions of Girl Scouting.
The award is given in honor of

Gertrude K. McGonigle by her daughter, in recognition of her mother's

long-standing interest and support of Girl Scouting in the Reading/

Berks County area.
Rebecca has positively impacted and inspired

numerous volunteers as well as hundreds of girls within our community.
The hours she has dedicated to her two troops and to our Unit are

countless and her initiative and creativity providing a rich Girl

Scouts experience to all of our scouts is limitless.
Rebecca's ability

to live a life of service and a dedication to the Girl Scout Law is

commendable.
She is a role model to many and exemplifies the values and

traditions of Girl Scouting.
We are all incredibly grateful for the positive impact Rebecca Smirk

has had through her volunteer work and we are delighted that she will

be taking on a new volunteer role as a Girl Scout Gold Award Committee

Member with the Girl Scouts of Eastern Pennsylvania Council continuing

to inspire the young women in Bucks, Berks, Carbon, Chester, Delaware,

Lehigh, Montgomery, Northampton, and Philadelphia Counties.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REVEREND DR.
YVONNE KAYE' DEDICATION AND CONTRIBUTION AS A

MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from my district, Reverend Dr. Yvonne Kaye,

whose dedication and contributions as a mental health professional have

profoundly impacted the Bucks County region and beyond for over five

decades.
Dr. Yvonne Kaye, a graduate of the University of London, moved to our

community in 1968.
She furthered her education by earning degrees from

Marywood University and Columbia Pacific University in Thanatology.
Throughout her illustrious career, Dr. Kaye has been a beacon of hope

and support for those navigating the challenges of grief.
In

collaboration with Dr. Larry Schmitzer, she championed Triumph, an

organization dedicated to instilling hope among individuals in the

medical and education sectors.
Dr. Kaye's impact extended beyond traditional avenues of support.
For

eighteen years, she hosted the Dr. Yvonne Kaye Show on WWDB radio,

providing a platform for individuals to engage in meaningful

conversations and receive invaluable guidance on various life

challenges.
The unwavering support of her partner of twenty-seven years, John

Roberts, played a pivotal role in Dr. Kaye's journey.
Although John is

no longer with us, his influence continues to inspire her work and

dedication to serving others.
Dr. Kaye's nurturing spirit extends to her family and the wider

community.