May their

stories be forever remembered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHIGAN'S CARIBBEAN AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Caribbean American

Heritage Month to celebrate the contributions of Caribbean-Americans to

Michigan's 12th Congressional District and all across our Nation.
National Caribbean American Heritage Month was first recognized in

2005.
This was the culmination of many years of efforts by

organizations around the world to spotlight the numerous contributions

to our Nation.
Caribbean Community Services, a nonprofit organization

based in Detroit, Michigan, has proudly uplifted that history.
They

routinely host numerous events that celebrate the rich cultural

heritage of the Caribbean and its impact on our communities in

southeastern Michigan.
I am incredibly proud of the important work

Caribbean Social Services undertakes to foster diverse and welcoming

communities.
I especially want to highlight their leadership in

ensuring these contributions are recognized and valued as we celebrate

Caribbean American Heritage Month.
Please join me in recognizing National Caribbean American Heritage

Month and the contributions of Caribbean Americans across our Nation

and the 12th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REBECCA SMIRK'S DEDICATION TO THE GIRL SCOUTS

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Rebecca Smirk whose work and

dedication as an outstanding Girl Scout Volunteer, Leader and Service

Unit Manager has touched many lives in the Lower Bucks County region

and the surrounding areas over the span of twelve years.
A seventeen-year resident of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Rebecca grew

up in Long Island, New Yolk and attended Swarthmore College.
She

graduated with a BA in Chemistry and Economics in 2000 and from Seton

Hall University School of Law with a JD in Intellectual Property in

2009.
She is currently a Partner at Servilla Whitney, LLC.
While her career accomplishments are impressive on their own, her

greatest impact has been within her own community.
Rebecca and her

husband Jim moved to the Yardley/Lower Makefield community in 2007 and

welcomed their daughter Emma in 2005.
Growing up as a Girl Scout, she

knew that she wanted to give her daughter the experiences she loved as

a scout--outdoor adventure, leadership skills and lifelong friendships.
Rebecca understood the importance of volunteerism from her own mother

who was her troop leader for 9 years.
When Emma joined scouts in 2012

as a Daisy, Rebecca was quick to volunteer as a parent helper.
When the

troops leaders stepped down in 2015, Rebecca immediately stepped in.
She knew they would be creating treasured scouting memories, just like

the ones Rebecca had of her mother.
In June of 2018, Rebecca again stepped up her volunteering and became

the Service Unit Manager for the Sandy Run Service Unit within the Girl

Scouts of Eastern Pennsylvania Council.
In this role, she oversees

nearly 40 troops, over 80 troop leaders, a Service Unit Team, and over

400 active, registered Girl Scouts.
Under her leadership, she has

increased girl enrollment, increased the number of girls achieving

higher awards, promoted Outdoor skills education, fostered

relationships with community members and community service groups like

Aid for Friends as well as forming new relationships with Trenton Area

Soup Kitchen and the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.
Additionally, Rebecca built upon the Service Unit activities and

traditions.
Rebecca has been a driving force behind the continued

success of our Sandy Run Service Unit Summer Day Camp which draws 100

girls each year from the Service Unit and neighboring towns.
She has

expanded and built a community of parents, volunteers, and community

leaders who have worked together to build girls with courage,

confidence, and character.
Rebecca has been a champion for girl-led leadership opportunities

within the Service Unit.