Her leadership role in her high school's Marketing

Academy and her commendable performance in DECA competitions, where she

secured the 5th position in the state for Marketing Communications,

demonstrate her commitment to her community.
Her aspiration to pursue a

degree in public relations to become a social media manager is a

reflection of her forward-thinking mindset and her desire to make a

positive impact.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today to recognize Ms. Emilia McGovern as

an excellent student and notable contributor to the field of business.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2024 SILVER KNIGHT AWARD WINNER JOSHUA

MARTOMA IN THE SOCIAL SCIENCE DISCIPLINE

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Joshua Martoma,

a beacon of inspiration and the recipient of the prestigious Silver

Knight Award in the social science discipline.
This award, a testament

to his exceptional academic prowess and remarkable community service,

is bestowed upon high school students in Broward and Miami-Dade County.
Joshua is a shining example of turning adversity into triumph.
His

father served time in federal prison during Joshua's youth, which

inspired him to cofound the nonprofit KidsMates alongside his two

younger siblings.
To assist children who also grew up with a family

member who was incarcerated.
His organization donated over 5,000 books,

games, and movies to federal prison rooms, reaching prisons in 23

states.
He is passionate about informing the public of this crisis, and

his essay titled ``Parental Incarceration Is a Silent American Epidemic

More Common Than Childhood Asthma'' addresses this issue.
His essay

placed him in the Top 11 winners of The Learning Network's 10th Annual

Student Editorial contest and was published in the New York Times.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Mr. Joshua Martoma's

remarkable achievements, exceptional contributions to the discipline of

social science, and unwavering commitment to making a positive

difference in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2024 SILVER KNIGHT AWARD WINNER SOPHIE

WHITESIDE IN THE SPEECH DISCIPLINE

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Sophie

Whiteside, a truly exceptional individual who has been bestowed with

the Silver Knight Award in the speech discipline.
This award, a symbol

of academic excellence and community service, is a testament to

Sophie's outstanding achievements and her significant contributions to

her community.
It recognizes her dedication, talent, and the positive

impact she has made in the lives of others.
Sophie's intelligence and eloquence can be seen in her success as a

two-time Tournament of Champions Bid Earner for debate.
Her dedication

is displayed through her participation in twenty national-level speech

and debate tournaments, and her talent led her to place sixth in the

State of Florida for policy debate by the National Speech and Debate

Organization.
She has also been a beacon of kindness to the elderly

community, as she was inspired to establish the Sending Sunshine Pine

Crest Chapter in 2021 in honor of her grandmother, who passed away

after suffering from dementia in her later years.
Through this

nonprofit, she has worked tirelessly alongside her team of 260 members

to make the elderly feel appreciated by sending over 5,300 handwritten

letters to local and international senior homes.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Ms. Sophie Whiteside as a

remarkable student and exceptional contributor to the discipline of

speech.