Title: HONORING CAPTAIN BILLY RICHARD INMAN, JR.;
Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
93

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CAPTAIN BILLY RICHARD INMAN, JR.
HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain

Billy Richard Inman, Jr., as he celebrates his 32 years of service with

the Lake County Fire Protection District and our community.
Captain Inman was born in Santa Rosa, California, on December 8,

1968.
He grew up in Covelo and Corning before moving to Lake County.
In

1985, he married his high school sweetheart, Pam, and soon thereafter

welcomed two children, Jessica, and Billy IV.
He and his wife have

since expanded their family by welcoming nine grandchildren.
Captain

Inman obtained his General Education Diploma in 1987 and then took fire

science courses to start his career.
Captain Inman began his service as a seasonal firefighter for South

Lake County Fire.
He then became a volunteer firefighter for the

Lakeshore Fire Department Volunteer Association and a volunteer captain

for the Lakeshore/Lake County Fire Volunteer Association.
Later in his

career, he became a firefighter for Lakeshore/Lake County Fire as well

as a firefighter and emergency medical technician for Lakeshore/Lake

County Fire.
After, he served as the Fire Captain for Lake County Fire

Protection District.
Since the beginning of his career in the fire service, Captain Inman

has aimed to give back to our community.
Currently, serving as a

captain and training officer for the Lake County Fire Protection

District.
Captain Inman has tirelessly worked to embody the mission of

the Lake County Fire Protection District, which is to protect all its

citizens from injuries and loss due to both manmade and natural fires.
Captain Inman's service on behalf of our Lake County community is

inspiring.
In addition to his dedicated work to combat fires, he also

works closely with youth.
This includes working to restore fire damage,

inspecting car seats, operating fire safety trailers, coaching youth

sports teams, and supporting local school activities with his

attendance and generous donations.
Captain Inman has shown an immense

commitment to the safety and health of our community.
For the past 32 years, Captain Inman has given countless hours to our

community that have not gone unnoticed.
He has dedicated his life to

both his biological family, fire family, and our Lake County community

over the duration of his long and storied career.
We are grateful for

his leadership in our community.
We are thankful for his service and wish Captain Inman a wonderful

retirement.
Mr Speaker, Captain Inman is deeply appreciated for his work on

behalf of our community.
Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we

honor him here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HOWARD HAUPT

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Howard

Haupt, an esteemed member of our community.
Mr Haupt is being honored

at this year's military academy reception for his dedication to our

armed forces.
Mr. Haupt was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
He married his wife,

Phyllis, in Kansas in 1962.
They have been Napa residents for 28 years

and have three sons and four grandchildren.
Mr. Haupt is a 1957

graduate of West Point and served in the United States Army and Air

Force for 27 years, attaining a rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
Mr. Haupt's long career in the military is commendable.
Upon his

commissioning during the Cold War, he served as a crewmember on a

bomber throughout the 1960s.
During the Vietnam War, he served as a

navigator on KC-135 refueling aircraft, spending most of his time doing

so stationed in temporary duty in Okinawa.
During this time, he also

served as a mission coordinator on EC-47 electronic reconnaissance

aircraft.
Our country is safer because of the courage and sacrifice Mr.

Haupt has shown throughout his long career.