Ninety years and five generations of Eddie's

Restaurant is a testament to the love they have for their business and

community.
Congratulations again on this amazing accomplishment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HARPOON EDDIE'S ON THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 40th

anniversary of the Sylvan Beach New York eatery Harpoon Eddie's, and to

recognize the contributions of Edward Stewart, Jr., and his wife Leslie

Stewart, posthumously, to the Oneida Lake community.
Furthermore, I

commend the work of Eddie and Leslie's son, Edward (Rick) Stewart, III

and his wife Wendy Stewart, who have continued the tradition of

excellence through their commitment to service and the community.
Eddie and Leslie Stewart were married on December 26, 1966, and

founded Harpoon Eddie's in the summer of 1984.
The Stewarts wished to

expand Eddie's Restaurant, Inc., to include a separate location on the

beachfront and thereby include the boating community.
After years of

success, they ultimately became co-owners and operators with their son,

Rick.
Harpoon Eddie's has remained a staple in the Oneida Lake

community through the efforts of the Stewart family since its creation

and continues to shine across generations.
Eddie and Leslie's contributions to the residents are reflective of

their personal initiative and drive to give back, values which are

still evident in their business even after their deaths in 2020 and

2021, respectively.
These values are kept alive through the efforts of

Rick and Wendy Stewart, who now have sole ownership of the restaurant

and ensure that it will continue to serve the community just as it has

for the past 40 years.
I urge my colleagues to take the chance to visit

the incredible beauty of Oneida Lake and to stop by this incredible

family business.
Those who visit are welcome like family under the

amazing hospitality of the people.
It is my humble privilege to be part of the celebrations and

traditions of the Sylvan Beach Community.
Thank you to Rick and Wendy

Stewart for their continued commitment to excellence and their loving

memoriam of Edward Stewart, Jr. and Leslie Stewart.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HONORABLE FRANK W. CHEN

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the

life of the Honorable Frank W. Chen, who passed away on July 18, 2024.
Judge Chen formerly served as a commissioner for the Los Angeles County

Superior Court in California.
Frank was born in Taipei, Taiwan on November 11, 1963, to his parents

William and May Chen.
Frank moved to the United States at the age of 4

where he settled in Schenectady, New York and graduated from Mohonasen

Senior High School.
Following his graduation, Frank attended Stanford

University and graduated in 1985 with a bachelor's degree in economics.
He went on to graduate from the University of California, Los Angeles

School of Law in 1988 and started his career as a litigation attorney

in Los Angeles that same year after being admitted to the California

State Bar.
Frank met Chen-Yen in December of 1999 and in September 2000, they

got married and moved to San Marino, CA.
They welcomed their first

child, Nathaniel Chen in 2003 and then second child, Natalina Chen in

2005.
Anyone who knew Frank knew that his family meant more to him than

anything else.
He worked tirelessly to support his family first and

foremost and to ensure that they could also pursue their passions to

the fullest.
Frank is well-known for his pro bono legal work in combating abusive

litigation.
He received awards for his volunteer work with state and

local prosecutors, local elected officials, legislators, and the State

Bar of California.
In 2003, Frank was named a recipient of California

Lawyer Magazine's Attorney of the Year (CLAY).