Walt never

stopped sacrificing for our country even after leaving the Army,

embarking on a long, impactful, and dedicated career at the Washington

Department of Revenue.
Mr. Tanimoto went beyond professional achievements to dedicate his

time towards supporting fellow veterans.
He maintained active

participation in multiple veterans' organizations, but rather than

simply belonging to veterans' groups, Walt had leadership roles in

three separate organizations, including Veterans of Foreign Wars and

the Military Order of the Cootie.
I had the privilege to meet Walt multiple times through his ongoing

participation in these organizations, a demonstration of his commitment

to his community and desire to support others.
Most recently, I recall

Walt's efforts in June 2023 on the planning and execution of a Veterans

History Project that my office hosted with the Nisei Veterans

Committee.
Through his participation, Walt helped preserve the stories

of his fellow veterans for future generations.
Mr. Speaker, I once again draw your attention to the life of service

and generosity led by my constituent, Walter T. Tanimoto.
Many can

aspire to dedicate their lives to others, but few can say they have

done it as Walt has.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF BISHOP D.C. THOMAS

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember

an outstanding constituent from my district who recently passed away;

Bishop D.C. Thomas.
Bishop Thomas was born and raised in nearby

Trenton, New Jersey, and worked tirelessly to positively impact his

community for his entire life.
In 1985, Bishop Thomas developed an afterschool program to help

elementary and middle school students in Trenton.
But his efforts to

assist Trenton's younger population did not stop there.
Bishop Thomas

also started a youth summer camp, which not only provided the children

of Trenton with summer activities, but it also ensured that every

attendee would be properly fed.
Later, Bishop Thomas started a food

delivery program that helped families in need.
This mobile kitchen

provided families throughout Trenton with consistent access to hot

meals.
Perhaps Bishop Thomas's most impressive accomplishment is the

Christian Home Better Life Development Center.
This center began as an

unhabitable home, but through his tireless work, was transformed into a

rehabilitation center.
Without any subsidies or grants, Bishop Thomas

helped over 300 individuals battling drug and alcohol addictions by

working to turn their lives around.
Today many individuals who once

passed through its doors are employed and married with families.
We are eternally grateful for the work that Bishop D.C. Thomas has

demonstrated throughout his life and our community is a better place

because of his extraordinary service.
May he rest in peace.