While his life was cut

hastily short, his service to the Smyth County Sheriff's Office and the

people of Smyth County had impacts that will last many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE ENSURING CHILD HEALTH COVERAGE COMPENSATION IN

DIVORCE ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Ensuring Child Health

Coverage Compensation in Divorce Act of 2024.
This bill would require

that when a court directs a non-custodial parent (including a

stepparent) to provide health insurance for a child, the other parent

may get reimbursed directly from the insurer for any out-of-pocket

medical expenses for the child incurred by such parent, regardless of

the source of insurance.
In a divorce, one parent is typically court-ordered to provide health

insurance for the child.
However, the other parent may pay for out-of-

pocket medical expenses for the child that are reimbursable by the

insurer.
Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,

group health insurers are required to directly reimburse a parent who

pays for reimbursable out-of-pocket medical expenses when the other

parent has been court-ordered to provide health insurance for the

child.
However, other health insurers are not required to reimburse the

other parent directly.
This bill would require all health insurers to

provide such reimbursement.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF FOREIGN VESSEL ACCIDENTS ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the ``Justice for

Victims of Foreign Vessel Accidents Act,'' with Congressman Henry C.

``Hank'' Johnson (D-GA) as the original cosponsor.
For years, I have been working to recapitalize the U.S.-flag

international fleet of oceangoing, commercial vessels needed to support

our military.
I was honored to serve as the top Democrat on the House

Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure's Subcommittee on Coast

Guard and Maritime Transportation from 2013 to 2018.
Less than a week after the foreign-flagged Dalia collided with the

Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore Harbor, the vessel's Singapore-

based corporate owner filed in the U.S. District Court for Maryland to

limit its total liability for the bridge collapse and recovery effort

to just $43.7 million, valuing the vessel at $90 million.
In doing so,

the Dalia's owner invoked a federal law enacted in 1851, limiting their

legal liability for damages to the dollar value of the vessel and its

cargo, minus salvage costs.
This tragic accident, which killed six and

injured two workers on the Francis Scott Key Bridge, calls into serious

question why U.S. law affords the owners of vessels flying foreign

``flags of convenience'' any liability shield.
Foreign-flagged commercial vessels like the Dalia are typically

registered under the laws of unscrupulous jurisdictions that lack any

Navy, Coast Guard, or ability to inspect commercial vessels to ensure

safety, prevent environmental degradation, or stop maritime labor

abuses.
Furthermore, foreign ocean carriers or other vessel owners

flying flags of convenience are often domiciled in offshore tax havens.
For these reasons and more, U.S.-flag commercial vessels are already at

a competitive disadvantage globally.
The U.S. judicial system should

not protect foreign competitors to the detriment of victims and their

families.
That is why our ``Justice for Victims of Foreign Vessel Accidents

Act'' would increase the liability for foreign-flagged vessels to up to

10 times the dollar value of the vessel and its cargo, minus expenses.
This would ensure that victims and their families can hold foreign

vessel owners accountable in federal court for wrongful death or

personal injury claims.
Current law only allows compensation for lost

wages.
Importantly, our bill would maintain the current liability

threshold for U.S.-flagged vessels including those compliant with the

Jones Act, which unlike foreign-flagged vessels are subject to U.S. law

and inspected regularly by the Coast Guard and state regulators.