Under his leadership, the Bakersfield College

football program thrived, and his influence continues to this day.
The hundreds of students and athletes he trained will never forget

how Coach Bowser dedicated his life to fostering excellence on and off

the field.
Aware of the steep climb players face seeking professional

football careers, Coach Bowser taught personal life discipline which

would set his players up for success beyond football.
His Interest in

the lives of his players both on and off the field makes this loss

particularly difficult, serving as a reminder of his unique way of

leading strongly but with grace and empathy.
On behalf of the 20th Congressional District, I would like to extend

my deepest sympathies to Coach Bowser's family, the Bakersfield College

community, and all who were fortunate enough to have known him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

spending bills, healthcare consolidation, and government regulations.
Dear Friend, I'm disappointed that the Do Our Job Act, the

bill I introduced to keep us in DC until our budget work is

completed, did not get the support it needed and deserved to

make it to a committee hearing.
But I've learned that many

ideas need to be introduced many times before they get

traction.
Fixing how Washington works will not be easy, so I

am undeterred, and I'll continue to push for this reform.
While I enjoy time in the district with my constituents, I

would rather be in DC passing the rest of our appropriations

bills and avoiding the threat of another government shutdown

or continuing resolution.
The Do Our Job Act would have made sure that Congress did

not leave for this district work period unless the House

passed all 12 annual appropriations bills.
While the House

Appropriations Committee, which I am a member of, passed all

12 spending bills to be considered by the House, the House

has only passed five of these 12 spending bills.
In the nearly five decades that our current appropriations

process has been in place, Congress has only passed all 12

bills four times.
Four times in almost 50 years.
Western

North Carolinians and the American people deserve better than

an 8 percent success rate for funding our government.
The American people have been far too generous with us, and

it is high time that we fix how Washington works.
increased health costs, decreased quality of care

Western North Carolina is no stranger to high healthcare

costs, and as a member of the House Budget Committee, I want

to share what we learned from the committee hearing that

evaluated the budgetary effects of healthcare consolidation.
The hearing discussed the unsustainable trajectory of

federal health spending and policy opportunities to combat

consolidation and enhance free market competition; or to put

it simply, how to make health care more affordable and more

accessible for the American people.
The U.S. is seeing a surge in hospital mergers, resulting

in increased federal health spending and higher patient

costs.
Simultaneously, patients have been experiencing lower

quality of care, which is a less easily quantifiable but

arguably worse consequence than dealing with high costs.
This is the reality right here in our mountains following

the Mission HCA Healthcare acquisition in 2019.
That is why I

have demanded the Federal Trade Commission, the agency

responsible for all acquisitions and mergers, re-review the

Mission/HCA deal and take action to overturn the acquisition

if malfeasance is found.
It is my mission as a member of the House Budget Committee

and House Appropriations Committee to promote policies and

funding that deter consolidation and promote greater choice,

affordability, and quality of care for the citizens of NC-11

and beyond.