This is the reality right here in our mountains following

the Mission HCA Healthcare acquisition in 2019.
That is why I

have demanded the Federal Trade Commission, the agency

responsible for all acquisitions and mergers, re-review the

Mission/HCA deal and take action to overturn the acquisition

if malfeasance is found.
It is my mission as a member of the House Budget Committee

and House Appropriations Committee to promote policies and

funding that deter consolidation and promote greater choice,

affordability, and quality of care for the citizens of NC-11

and beyond.
revitalizing communities in wnc

During my time in our mountains, I continuously hear from

constituents who are interested in developing environmentally

challenged properties in Western North Carolina but decide

not to because of the significant cleanup, redevelopment

costs and time delays that are often required from

environmental contamination.
The Economic Opportunity for Distressed Communities Act

that I introduced would provide a tax incentive for those who

decide to redevelop Superfund and brownfield areas by

designating such environmentally challenged properties as

Opportunity Zones.
By incentivizing cleanup and development

of brownfield and Superfund sites, we can create jobs,

business opportunities and increase property values for

Western North Carolina and nationwide.
regulations backed by science

As a small business owner, I have experienced the real-life

consequences of new government regulations imposed by

Washington bureaucrats who do not understand the implications

of their misguided rules.
The Show Me the Science Act that I introduced would require

federal agencies to publish the data that they use to inform

decisions behind new rules.
If a federal agency cannot prove

that the benefits of a new rule outweigh the costs, then we

should not burden the American people and Main Street

businesses with unnecessary regulations.
Federal agencies make legally binding requirements on the

public, often with an inability or unwillingness to share the

information that they use to form the basis of their rules

and fail to calculate the costs and benefits of those rules

for American taxpayers.
We need to fix how Washington works by requiring more

transparency in federal rulemaking and improving

congressional and public oversight of the rulemaking process.
``unplugged'' town hall series is coming to macon county

Join my next in-person town hall in Macon County on

Thursday, August 15.
The town hall will take place from 5:30

to 7:00 p.m. at the Robert C. Carpenter Community Building,

1288 Georgia Rd.,
Franklin, NC.
I'm looking forward to sharing an update about the latest

legislative opportunities

and challenges in Congress and answering questions about the

issues that matter to you.
Don't miss out on this opportunity

to connect with fellow Western North Carolinians who care

deeply about our district and nation.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAJ.
WALTER T. TANIMOTO FOR HIS SERVICE TO WASHINGTON'S

NINTH DISTRICT

HON.
ADAM SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

honorable life of Major Walter T. Tanimoto, a distinguished veteran,

volunteer, and father.
Mr. Tanimoto, in his military service, career,

and personal endeavors, left a mark of service, dedication, and a deep

commitment to community.
Walt took on the task of protecting his country with devotion and

skill.
Through his service in Operation Iraqi Freedom II, Walt received

a variety of accolades, including a Combat infantry Badge.
Walt never

stopped sacrificing for our country even after leaving the Army,

embarking on a long, impactful, and dedicated career at the Washington

Department of Revenue.
Mr. Tanimoto went beyond professional achievements to dedicate his

time towards supporting fellow veterans.
He maintained active

participation in multiple veterans' organizations, but rather than

simply belonging to veterans' groups, Walt had leadership roles in

three separate organizations, including Veterans of Foreign Wars and

the Military Order of the Cootie.