Frank is well-known for his pro bono legal work in combating abusive

litigation.
He received awards for his volunteer work with state and

local prosecutors, local elected officials, legislators, and the State

Bar of California.
In 2003, Frank was named a recipient of California

Lawyer Magazine's Attorney of the Year (CLAY).
That same year, Frank

was a recipient of the Asian Pacific American Legal Center of Southern

California's Pro Bono Service Award for his work in coordinating a

unique and sweeping defense to abusive litigation brought by the Trevor

Law Group of Beverly Hills.
Since 2005, Frank has been recognized eleven times as a Southern

California Super Lawyer and three times in the National Super Lawyers

Business Edition.
He was also named one of Pasadena Magazine's Top

Attorneys from 2010-2018.
Frank first became interested in judicial

service while working as a volunteer Temporary Judge for the Los

Angeles County Superior Court beginning in 2005 where he presided over

small claims.
In December 2018, Frank was elected by the judges of the

Los Angeles Superior Court to become the Los Angeles Superior Court's

Court Commissioner.
Frank became the Los Angeles Superior Court's third

Taiwanese-born judicial officer and was the fifth nationwide.
Frank was also a well-respected leader in his community.
He was a

former president of the Southern California Chinese Lawyers Association

(SCCLA) and the Taiwanese American Lawyers Association (TALA).
He

served as a trustee of the Los Angeles County Bar Association (LACBA)

and as a board member of the Asian Pacific American Bar Association of

Los Angeles County (APABA).
Frank was also a proud blood donor to local

American Red Cross blood banks.
He also was a supporter of many online

musicians within the Twitch music community and greeted audiences for

the past three years as a moderator, fan and friend.
Frank was also a

faithful member of San Marino Community Church where he served as an

Elder and recently joined the Chancel Choir with his wife.
He is survived by many loving family members, including his wife

Chun-Yen, son Nathaniel, daughter Natalina, parents William and May

Chen, brother Henry Chen and sister-in-law Julie, and nephew Matthew

and niece Natalie.
May his memory serve as an inspiration to all who

knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF FALLEN OFFICER HUNTER REEDY

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, the Ninth Congressional District of

Virginia and the entire Commonwealth of Virginia mourn the loss of

Smyth County Sheriff's Deputy Hunter Reedy.
Deputy Reedy was called to respond to a traffic stop incident on

firing their weapon at Sheriff's deputies and Marion Police officers.
As a result of the gunfire, Deputy Reedy was shot and killed.
A graduate of Chilhowie High School in 2014, Deputy Reedy pursued a

career dedicated to law enforcement.
He began by serving more than

three years with the Chilhowie Police Department.
In 2021, he then

joined the Smyth County Sheriff's Office.
His interest in the

protection and care of his fellow citizens was profound.
Law enforcement and community members mourn the tragic loss of their

beloved colleague and friend.
Sheriff Shuler of Smyth County laments

losing a brave hero in Deputy Reedy.
Deputy Reedy's passing is a solemn

reminder of the dangerous tasks law enforcement officials must endure.
Family was an important part of Deputy Reedy's life.
He is survived

by his wife, Bettina Quen Reedy, whom he had been married to since

2020, and his three kids, Brantley, Kaden, and Kaede Belle.
Deputy Reedy was twenty-seven years old.
While his life was cut

hastily short, his service to the Smyth County Sheriff's Office and the

people of Smyth County had impacts that will last many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE ENSURING CHILD HEALTH COVERAGE COMPENSATION IN

DIVORCE ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.