Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMHERST H. WILDER FOUNDATION'S COMMUNITY MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS SERVICES; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
130

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMHERST H. WILDER FOUNDATION'S

COMMUNITY MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS SERVICES

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Amherst H. Wilder

Foundation in Saint Paul, Minnesota on its 100th anniversary of

providing community mental health and wellness services.
For 100 years,

this nonprofit organization has provided vital and supportive mental

health services to children and families in Saint Paul.
Wilder's Child Guidance Clinic was founded in 1924 as one of the

first of its kind in the Nation.
It is an outpatient psychiatric clinic

for children and their families and is nationally acclaimed for its

treatment as well as its training center.
Serving children who are

experiencing emotional distress, it is one of the oldest continuously

operated children's clinics in the country.
Currently, Wilder provides outpatient mental health and wellness

services for children,

adults, and families, as well as addiction and recovery services for

adults at Wilder Community Mental Health & Wellness Clinic--a Certified

Community Behavioral Health Clinic (CCBHC) in Minnesota.
As a CCBHC,

Wilder increases access to community-based mental health and substance

use disorder services, especially to underserved communities and serves

individuals through in-person and telehealth appointments, regardless

of ability to pay.
Wilder's diverse team of mental health experts

provides culturally appropriate mental health and wellness services

that support people and their families.
In addition, Wilder delivers

mental health and wellness services in schools across Saint Paul and

the Twin Cities.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in paying tribute to the caring and

dedicated mental health professionals, practitioners, and staff of

Amherst H. Wilder Foundation--as well as the people they serve--as they

celebrate 100 years of providing critical community mental health and

wellness services.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDDIE'S RESTAURANT ON THEIR 90TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 90th

Anniversary of Eddie's Restaurant in Sylvan Beach, New York.
Eddie

Stewart, Sr.
and his wife, Florence ``Fifi'' Stewart, opened Eddie's

Restaurant in 1934 as a seasonal hot dog stand on the shore of Oneida

Lake.
At the time, the hot dog stand seated eight people on stools.
Daily, the restaurant reaches maximum capacity of 250 people and offers

delicious American and Italian cuisine to residents and visitors of

Sylvan Beach.
Eddie's and Fifi's legacy spans five generations and is now owned by

their grandson, Edward (Rick) Stewart, III.
The previous owners to Rick

(Edward III) Stewart were Edward Stewart, Jr. and Leslie Wolcott

Stewart.
The rest of the Eddie's Restaurant legacy lies in Rick (Edward

III) and his wife, Wendy; their great-grandson, Edward IV and his wife,

Madelyn; a soon to be born great-great-grandson, Eddie V; great-

granddaughter, Emily; great-grandchildren, Daunte and Nevaeh; their

granddaughter, Alison and her husband, Anthony; and great-

grandchildren; Ava Santa and Ania.
Eddie's Restaurant prides themselves on using high-quality

ingredients to create their delicious meals and provide fast and

friendly service.
Over the years, Eddie's has provided service to many

public figures such as Frank Sinatra, Duke Ellington, George Foreman,

Harry James, Liza Minnelli, and The Ink Spots.
Eddie's welcomes all

individuals with their familial hospitality.
The freshest fish,

homemade Meat and Marinara sauce, hand-rolled meatballs, Italian house

dressing, homemade pie, and ice cream desserts all can be found at this

incredible family owned business.
Recognizing a long-standing family-owned business for their

dedication and diligence to enhancing their community is a highlight of

this position in Congress.
Ninety years and five generations of Eddie's

Restaurant is a testament to the love they have for their business and

community.
Congratulations again on this amazing accomplishment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HARPOON EDDIE'S ON THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.