This would ensure that victims and their families can hold foreign

vessel owners accountable in federal court for wrongful death or

personal injury claims.
Current law only allows compensation for lost

wages.
Importantly, our bill would maintain the current liability

threshold for U.S.-flagged vessels including those compliant with the

Jones Act, which unlike foreign-flagged vessels are subject to U.S. law

and inspected regularly by the Coast Guard and state regulators.
Lastly, our bill would apply the higher liability level for damages by

foreign-flagged vessels to March 25, 2024, the night before the Francis

Scott Key Bridge's collapse.
Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the Maryland Delegation and the

Biden-Harris Administration's ongoing work to rebuild the Francis Scott

Key Bridge with federal funding as quickly as possible.
I hope that the

House will act swiftly on Congressman Kweisi Mfume's (D-MD) ``Baltimore

Bridge Response Invests and Delivers Global Economic (BRIDGE) Relief

Act'' (H.R. 7961).
In the meantime, I encourage all Members of the

House will join us in cosponsoring this commonsense reform.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF COACH CARL BOWSER

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my deepest condolences

to the family and friends of Coach Carl Bowser, who passed away last

month.
While Coach Bowser was a pillar of the Bakersfield College

football program, his legacy extends beyond the field, evident in the

outpouring of love following his death and the honors proclaimed of

Coach Bowser's impact on the lives of others.
He was a great man, a

beloved mentor, and a leader who made positive contributions to

countless individuals.
Born in Oklahoma, Carl Bowser was first introduced to Bakersfield

College's football program when he became a team water boy.
His passion

for the sport led him to become a fullback for California Polytechnic

State University, San Luis Obispo (Cal Poly), where he rushed for 620

yards and seven touchdowns in 1959.
Coach Bowser demonstrated early on

his perseverance in the face of tragedy when he narrowly survived the

tragic 1960 Cal Poly plane crash, losing 16 of his teammates.
Coach

Bowser would go on later that year to rush for 288 yards and score two

touchdowns.
In 1962, Coach Bowser completed his bachelor's degree at

Cal Poly in physical education and returned the following year to earn

his master's degree in education.
Coach Bowser soon sharpened his passion for coaching football,

serving as the Head Coach of Burroughs High School in Ridgecrest and

later as Head Coach at Shafter High School.
Joining Bakersfield

College's program, Coach Bowser served as the Renegades Assistant Coach

under Head Coach Gerry Collis for 17 years before rising to the Head

Coach position in 1984.
Coach Bowser's masterful 83-31-3 career record across 11 seasons will

certainly be remembered as a golden age of Renegade athletics.
Second

to no other season, was the team's 1988 triumphs, where under Coach

Bowser's leadership, the Renegades beat the undefeated Fullerton

College Hornets to secure the 1988 Junior College Football

Championship.
Coach Bowser earned the esteemed title of Conference

Coach of the Year four times, where his team won six Western State

Conference titles, and earned seven Potato Bowl appearances before his

retirement from the program in 1994.
Coach Bowser was well-known for his rousing halftime and pre-game

speeches.
Yet his strong heart and easy laugh made him beloved by

everyone who knew him.
Under his leadership, the Bakersfield College

football program thrived, and his influence continues to this day.
The hundreds of students and athletes he trained will never forget

how Coach Bowser dedicated his life to fostering excellence on and off

the field.
Aware of the steep climb players face seeking professional

football careers, Coach Bowser taught personal life discipline which

would set his players up for success beyond football.