Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, December 16, 2023, Brevard County families, businesses and local community organizations will gather to celebrate the 15th Annual Family Christmas Extravaganza.
This wonderful event, which will take place at Fred Poppe Regional Park in Palm Bay, FL, will provide an uplifting message of hope and future during this Christmas season.
The House Church, River of Life Christian Center, Elevation Church, Eastwind Pentecostal Church, Grace Bible Church, Jornada al Cielo, Church on the Rock, Truth Reveal Ministries, Wings of Grace Ministries, CITA Rescue Mission, have all united to bring the 15th Annual Family Christmas Extravaganza to our City and County.
Working with several community and business partners such as the City of Palm Bay Parks & Recreation, Thrifty Specialty Produce, Chick-Fil-A, Fruits of my Labor, Engel & Volkers, Gator Automotive, the Mortgage Firm, Frog Bones-Family Shooting Center, Z88.3FM, All Digital All Day, Grifols Plasma Distribution Center, Double Scope, Al Dia Today Newspaper, Martin's Famous Potato Rolls, SMTC Manufacturing, and Premiere Oaks 10 Cinema, the mission is to provide a positive venue for residents and children to celebrate Christmas, serve others and give back to their community.
Over sixty local businesses and organizations have made donations of toys, food, gift certificates, equipment, finances, and goodie bags, and will feature musicians and artist such as Unified Sound with Joel Lopez, Peabod, Carl Lewis and the Intensity Band, Eddie Anthony as Eddie Frost, Jalixa Morales as FA-LA-LA-LA-LIXA and Corey Sprenkle with S & S Sound.
Senior Pastor Ken Delgado of The House at Palm Bay said: ``With today's news being filled with division, contention, and expressions of hatred, it is exciting to see the City of Palm Bay, along with the city's businesses and the citizens, create an event where love, joy and peace are expressed.
The Family Christmas Extravaganza is the greatest expression that so many people yearn for and is what the angels proclaimed at the birth of Jesus, saying `Peace and good will towards all men'.''
The Mayor of the City of Palm Bay, Rob Medina, issued a proclamation in support for this year's celebration, recognizing the Extravaganza has become the largest Christmas party on the Space Coast and December 16, 2023, as Family Christmas Extravaganza Day.
The spirit of the holidays is all about giving and spending time with loved ones.
This year's Extravaganza brings our community together to remind us of that.
I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting all those who are doing their part to spread the Christmas spirit this holiday season and those who have worked so hard to make the 15th Annual Family Christmas Extravaganza possible.