I can only underline the fact that the new UK Government are doing all that we can to get aid in as quickly as possible, supporting trusted partners on the ground to deliver life-saving humanitarian aid.
As has been mentioned, we have agreed to match up to £10 million of public donations to the Disasters Emergency Committee’s middle east humanitarian appeal.
That will provide life-saving aid, including medical supplies, shelter and clean water, to people in need, on top of the support that we have released to UNRWA.
That aid needs to get to the people who desperately need it, and I refer to my response to an earlier question on that point.
We are using every avenue to advance that cause.
The images coming out of northern Gaza have horrified many, as has the news of yet more indiscriminate bombing, and many people have reached into humanity’s darkest periods for historical comparisons.
I do not know which of those is appropriate, but I do know that on each of those occasions we told ourselves that this time was different, yet it never was.
Does the ministerial team realise that what they do now is what they would have done then?
If they do, do they believe that the conversations that they are having are enough, and if they do not, when will they act positively to bring about a ceasefire?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for his question, but he must recognise that from the first day of the new Government coming into position we have sought to do all we can to advance the cause of a ceasefire.
On the issue of international humanitarian law, which he rightly and clearly stated as an imperative, we have been consistently clear as a new Government that Israel must comply with international  humanitarian law.
It must allow unfettered aid access.
Our message is clear: Israel could and must do more to ensure that aid reaches civilians in Gaza.
We have upheld our legal requirements around that, as he will have seen in relation to decisions taken around arms export licences.
Last month, the Minister of State told the House that “we could not be clearer: intentionally directing attacks at civilian objects is a war crime.
Those attacks threaten civilian access to power, heating and water supply, impacting the safety and livelihoods of millions of Ukrainians.”
—[Official Report,  2 September 2024 ; Vol. 753, c. 29.]
She was right, so why is it that the Government can call out Putin’s war crimes the moment they happen, but they seem utterly incapable of doing that when the perpetrator is Netanyahu and the victims are Palestinians?
I regret the tone of the hon.
Member’s question.
Surely he can recognise that the new Government prioritise doing all that we can to secure the required ceasefire.
The Government have repeatedly conveyed not just messages but action time and again to make sure we play our part, and that has been recognised internationally.
The changes we have made around UNRWA, our commitment to the International Criminal Court and International Court of Justice, ensuring we hold to our legal requirements around arms exports—that is a Government that are committed to international humanitarian law.
Intercepted communications demonstrate that Hamas are struggling to find room in their warehouses for the aid that is arriving.
What action will the Minister take to ensure that UNRWA actually gets that aid to the people who need it—and we accept they need it desperately—when Hamas are preventing it from reaching the Palestinian population?
The Government are clear that UNRWA plays a vital role in saving lives in Gaza, providing much needed food and basic services and supporting stability in the west bank and wider region.
Wherever there are allegations or reports that there may have been unacceptable activity—such as that covered in the Colonna report—we have stated clearly to UNRWA that they must be investigated.
It did do that with the Colonna report, and the UK Government have supported the implementation of the findings of that report.
We continue to discuss that in detail with UNRWA so that it can operate in the manner that it is mandated to do by international law.
While I appreciate the comments about aid, does the Minister condemn the ethnic cleansing and annexation of northern Gaza under the general’s plan, with aid not being allowed in?
If so, what action is being taken to demonstrate the UK’s strongest objection?
The UK Government are extremely concerned by the situation in northern Gaza.
This morning I was discussing it with humanitarians, as I have been doing just about every day.
We really see a  deterioration in people’s circumstances there in terms of health and access to aid.
As I said at the beginning of the question, the fact that this month will likely see the lowest amount of aid since the start of the conflict is unacceptable.
We are deeply concerned that we have now seen many people who have been displaced not just once, twice or three times, but up to nine times.
We will continue to argue for the need for humanitarian access to Gaza.
Further to the answer the Minister gave a few moments ago, UNRWA supplies were found in the Hamas leader Yahya Sinwar’s underground hideout.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  said, Hamas terrorists are struggling to find warehouse space to store all the misappropriated aid.
When will the Government review their commitment to funding UNRWA and actually take action to stop the misappropriation of that aid?
I refer the hon.
Member to my previous response on that.
The UK Government take any such allegations very seriously.
We have ensured that those are taken up with UNRWA, and with the Colonna report we saw a thorough investigation into the allegations, some of which were proven.
UNRWA has been taking action in order to deal with them.
It is really important that neutrality is held to, and we as the UK have played our part by ensuring that UNRWA has the funding required to implement those recommendations.