Some £22 billion in frozen assets remains locked up in our country.
We urge the Government, as we have done for years, to seize those assets and repurpose them for Ukraine right away.
Will the Secretary of State commit to doing so?
Is he having conversations with our democratic partners to that effect?
With the US elections fast approaching, it is deeply worrying that our commitment to our Ukrainian allies is uncertain.
A second Trump presidency could have a devastating effect on the security of Europe and of Ukraine, so we urge the Government to seize these assets now so that we can support Ukraine come what may.
We must lead with Europe on this.
The EU countries between them have close to €20 billion-worth of frozen assets.
Will the Secretary of State consider convening an urgent summit with European counterparts to begin that process?
Does he agree that if the US cannot, Europe must?
In fairness to the Conservatives when they were in government, and to the hon.
Lady’s party before the election, we were all united in the efforts to get the interest drawn down from the frozen Russian assets put into Ukrainian hands.
The UK Government, before the last election and since, have been leading  this work.
These are practical steps that we can take now.
Whatever declaratory position the hon.
Lady wants to adopt about seizing Russian assets, this is valuable additional funding that, from the new year, will be in the hands of the Ukrainian Government to spend on, in the UK’s  case, the military aid that they need.
That comes in addition to all the other increases that we have put in place since the election.
I hope that despite the hon.
Lady’s calls for going very much further, she will recognise how significant this move is and recognise that the UK is among the first of the nations to move on this.
I hope she will give this House her full support when we introduce the primary legislation that will seek the parliamentary spending authority to provide this financial assistance in pursuance of a bilateral agreement that we will strike with Ukraine over how to do it.
When this Government said that our support for Ukraine was absolute, we meant it.
My right hon.
Friend referred to the recently signed defence export treaty between the UK and Ukraine, which will support Ukraine’s defence industrial base while helping to replenish our own stockpiles.
As far as he is able, will he update the House on the treaty’s progress?
I was proud to sign that treaty, which means that Ukraine can draw down the export credit cover and contract with UK companies.
It is also a framework that, like some other frameworks the UK has put in place, other nations and their companies can use to deal with the difficulties that many face in contracting with Ukraine.
The Ukrainians will use it for contracting and procuring munitions and ammunition.
It will allow us to step up not just the provision but the production of essential military aid to Ukraine.