Freedom of speech is fundamental to democracy, yet Jimmy Lai’s sham trial is due to resume on  20 November .
The Foreign Secretary has so far failed to meet Jimmy’s family, as well as that of Jagtar Singh Johal, whom he promised he would meet within weeks at the last Foreign Office oral questions.
Five weeks ago, I wrote to Ministers about Ryan Cornelius and Alaa Abd el-Fattah, who should both be free by now, but I have received no response from the Department.
When will the Government bring forward their promised special envoy for arbitrary detention, come back to shadow Foreign Ministers, and get our people home?
We call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and immediately release British national Jimmy Lai.
His case remains a high priority for His Majesty’s Government, and UK diplomats attend his court hearing in Hong Kong.
The Foreign Secretary recently raised the case with Wang Yi during his visit to Beijing on  18 October .
On  24 July  the Foreign Secretary raised the case of Jagtar Singh Johal with the Indian External Affairs Minister, and I am happy to write to the hon.
Lady further about those matters.
She can be assured that we take these cases incredibly seriously.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure a ceasefire in Lebanon.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure a ceasefire in Lebanon.
The UK was the first G7 country to call for an immediate ceasefire between Lebanese Hezbollah and Israel, when we did so on  19 September .
A political solution consistent with resolution 1701 is the only way to restore security and stability for the people living on both sides of the blue line.
We continue to press for that with vigour and urgency with our international counterparts.
The Foreign Secretary did so last week, and so did I. We will continue to do so this week and every day.
We are appalled by the increase in violence after Israel’s ground invasion of Lebanon.
As somebody who used to work in Beirut when the country welcomed a million Syrian refugees, it is upsetting to see people on the move again after so much violence.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his diplomatic efforts so far.
Does the Minister agree that there is no military solution to the conflict in Lebanon?
Will he outline again in more detail what diplomatic efforts he is making to ensure that we have a ceasefire so that Lebanese and Israeli civilians can return to their homes?
We agree very much.
Only a political solution will enable Lebanese civilians to return to their homes and Israeli civilians to return to the north of Israel.
Clearly Hezbollah has been conducting terrible attacks on northern Israel for a long time—from  8 October , which was a terrible day to choose to start.
We are working with all our allies on a plan based around resolution 1701.
We talk regularly with all the key players in the region and in particular with Amos Hochstein, the US envoy working on a proposal to achieve the effect of 1701.
We will continue to do so.
The reported attacks on United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon bases by the Israel Defence Forces show disregard for resolution 1701 and the existing diplomatic framework for peace.
Last week’s joint statement by Foreign Ministers and our allies condemning all the threats to UNIFIL’s security was welcome, so can the   Foreign Minister tell the House what discussions he has had with Israeli political leaders to supplement that action?
Were they productive?