My hon.
Friend is right.
It is not just that we can confirm today that we are making the additional loan money available to the Ukrainians; it is also important to remember that the sanctions themselves are responsible for freezing at least $400 billion that Russia would otherwise be able to use to feed its war machine.
The UK Government and others have taken steps on the shadow fleet—the shipping in the grey zone, trying to avoid sanctions—but wherever we have the evidence required to act and sanction, we will do that and we will continue to do that.
Not only is a full battalion of North Korean soldiers set to be deployed to assist Russia in Ukraine, but Putin is benefiting from components and weapons provided by the Iranians and the Chinese.
This all represents an unprecedented conflation of threats to global security.
I echo the question asked by hon.
Friend the shadow Defence Secretary: the commitment to invest 2.5% of GDP is right, but when will that be backed up with action?
The right hon.
Lady is right.
We totally condemn North Korea’s involvement and support for Russia, from arms transfer to any further developments.
As I said in my statement, that is in breach of multiple UN resolutions and we continue to watch the situation.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to the UK armed forces who are providing vital support to our Ukrainian allies, and to the Ukrainian armed forces who are fighting valiantly against Putin’s unlawful invasion of Ukraine?
I will indeed.
I have had the privilege of visiting Interflex training courses four times now, I think.
I visited the second ever course at Salisbury plain.
It is deeply moving to see the level of commitment of British forces to the task of training the Ukrainians, and to spend time with those Ukrainian recruits.
They are lorry drivers, bank clerks, PR executives of all ages, who have volunteered to fight for their country and their freedom.
They are trained by British forces, now with those from other countries alongside them, who are equipping them to be able to fight for their country.
Knowing that they will soon return to the frontline in their own nation is deeply sobering.
I very much welcome this £2.26 billion, but has the Defence Secretary had the opportunity to study the National Audit Office report published last month into the impact of our operations in Ukraine, particularly Operation Interflex, on the availability of the defence estate for the training of units of the British Army?
While that is acceptable in the short term, in the long term it probably is not.
What impact assessment has he carried out, and what proposals does he have to make available the defence estate we need to train British soldiers?
Nothing will shake our commitment to continuing the Interflex training programme.
We are determined and we will continue that throughout 2025.
Many of the partner countries that have been alongside us this year have already committed to doing that again  next year.
The right hon.
Member asked me about Interflex, the defence estate and the training of Ukrainian soldiers.
That will continue.
On the National Audit Office report, I have indeed read that report.
It is a welcome change from the normal run of National Audit Office reports into the Ministry of Defence that we have been used to in recent years.
It praises a good deal of what has been done by the Ministry of Defence in support of Ukraine, and it is very welcome.