I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for a very important question.
The UK Government could not have been clearer that climate and nature must be at the heart of all that we do, including in foreign and development policy.
The Foreign Secretary underlined that at Kew, and I underlined that in the Chatham House speech that I gave last week.
rose— Order.
Members who are on the list do not need to stand.
It is more confusing.
It is estimated that more than 42 million tonnes of rubble could be contaminated by unexploded bombs and ordnance in Gaza.
It is vital that such a serious threat to human life is dealt with effectively to ensure Gaza’s post-conflict reconstruction.
Will the Minister commit to redoubling our country’s support for the work of organisations such as the HALO Trust?
The amount of unexploded remnants of war throughout Gaza poses a serious threat to life and the provision of humanitarian assistance.
The UK is working proactively with a number of key stakeholders.
We very much recognise the expertise of the HALO Trust, and we will redouble the work done, particularly towards reconstruction.
Hezbollah continues to use Lebanese civilians as human shields.
On Friday, the caretaker Prime Minister in Lebanon accused Iran of blatant interference in Lebanese affairs.
What more will the Minister do to help ensure that both Israeli and Lebanese counterparts can face down the threat from Iran?
I referred to our actions against Iran in the region, and the importance of removing its influence in Lebanon as best we can.
This week I will attend the Lebanon conference in Paris, where these matters will be discussed.
Further to the question from across the way on climate change, what steps is the Minister taking to support climate change development internationally?
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
It is critical that the UK can speak with credibility on these issues—and now, under the new UK Government, we can, given the creation of GB Energy and the other measures that we have taken.
We are ensuring that climate leadership is always to the fore, including in the conferences of the parties.
Of course, the COP nature summit in Colombia is fast approaching.
Winter is now approaching the northern hemisphere, and many civilians in Palestine and Lebanon are without homes, water and electricity.
What are the Government doing to support winterisation efforts in the region?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important question.
Many displaced people have very few of the clothes and belongings that they desperately need, particularly given that the threat of winter and much worse weather is coming speedily down the track.
The Government have been discussing the issue with many of our partners.
What update can the Minister give us on UK support for the International Fund for Israeli-Palestinian Peace?
Will the Government  convene a summit of international partners to ensure that civil society is at the heart of peace building in the coming years in the region?
I refer my hon.
Friend to my previous answer.
I will also write to him with further details of what we will do.
We are experiencing a global hunger crisis, exacerbated by ongoing conflicts and climate change.
That makes the forthcoming Paris Nutrition for Growth conference even more important.
What preparations are the Government making for an effective contribution to the summit?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise that point.
We are preparing at pace for that Paris conference, which is incredibly important.
We need to do all we can to secure access to the food required, and it must be nutritious, healthy food.
In addition, the UK is preparing to sign up to the Global Alliance Against Hunger and Poverty—something  that I committed the UK to doing in Brazil just a few weeks ago.
I have lived and worked in the western Balkans, where Governments continue to increase efforts to tackle human trafficking, exploitation and coercion.
What steps are proactively being taken with Albania and other western Balkan  and mediterranean countries to tackle human trafficking at source?
The Government are committed to working more closely with partners across Europe, including Albania and partners across the western Balkans, to tackle people trafficking and the gangs profiting from it.
That has been a regular part of my bilateral discussions.
In July, we announced steps to reinforce our co-operation with Europol and committed £4 million towards the Rome process—an Italian Government project to tackle the root causes of irregular migration.
What discussions have Ministers had with their Israeli counterparts about the application of distinction and proportionality in international humanitarian law?
The Foreign Secretary has set out our views on the Israeli application of international humanitarian law at greatest length in relation to the decision to suspend arms licences.
We keep those issues under regular review and will update the House if there is a change in our assessment.
As we have heard again today in the Chamber, war crimes in Gaza continue, making it clear that the time for empty promises and hollow words is over.
Does the Minister agree that the international community must finally fulfil its responsibility and take real action, starting with immediate sanctions on the hard-right extreme Ministers in the Netanyahu Government?
I hope Members recognise that the words that we have been speaking at this Dispatch Box have not been hollow.
Since coming into government, we have restored funding to UNRWA.
We have also taken steps in the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice, and in relation to the arms suspension that I referred to a moment ago.
As for the far-right settlers to whom I think my hon.
Friend was referring, we introduced sanctions last Thursday.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister made it clear during Prime Minister’s questions that we continue to review these issues, and we will return to the House.
The outgoing President of the United States has indicated that he has been told where and when the Israeli Government will respond to the Iranian terror threat.
Have our Government been informed?
I think that you, Mr Speaker, and other Members will understand that it is not appropriate to comment on that in the House.
As the Minister will know, the ICJ has ruled that member states such as the UK are obliged to distinguish in their dealings between green-line Israel and occupied territory.
In line with that ruling, as well as obligations under United Nations Security Council resolution 2334, what steps are the Government taking to address the issue of products entering the UK from illegal settlements?
I will write to my hon.
Friend about the complex issue of trade with Israel and how we make that distinction, if that is okay.
I am sure that the Minister is aware of the tragic case of Sara Sharif, which occurred in my constituency, but he may not be aware that when Sara’s family fled from Woking to Pakistan, they took Sara’s two siblings, and when the parents returned to stand trial, those siblings did not return with them.
Will he write to the Pakistani Government informing them that unless they vouch for the siblings’ safety, those children should be returned to the UK?
I can assure the House that the safety and wellbeing of British children overseas, which appears to be relevant in this case, is of the utmost concern to the Government as a whole, and to me as the Minister responsible for consular affairs.
I will write, and will meet the hon.
Member, if that will be useful in helping us to understand the case and what we can best do to support those children.