Even before the start of the current conflict in Gaza, 98,000 children there had a disability.
Thousands more have now been horrifically injured, and those with long-term conditions have not received any medical support.
While I welcome the Government’s commitment to facilitating medical evacuations, how is that possible when Israel is controlling the Rafah crossing?
My hon.
Friend has detailed knowledge of this issue through her work on the International Development Committee.
We are of course determined to do all that we can for the wellbeing and safety of children in Gaza, in partnership with other countries.
She raises the issue of healthcare; we have been supporting UK-Med and other organisations in that regard, and also in respect of education.
Many children have been out of school for a year, and we are determined to rectify the situation.
Will the Minister update the House on the grim situation in Sudan?
In particular, what pressure is being put on   regional actors to stop fuelling the crisis, and what is the UK doing to help the 16 million children who, according to an estimate from Save the Children, face severe food shortages right now?
The humanitarian crisis in Sudan is the worst in the world.
Millions of people face food insecurity, and disturbingly, it has now been verified that there is famine in the Zamzam refugee camp.
We in the UK will continue to do all that we can, for instance in our role as a penholder.
We will work with partners to raise the profile of this situation and make it clear to the warring parties that they must allow access to aid.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on Ukraine.
I apologise for the delay in getting you and Opposition Front Benchers a copy of my statement; the responsibility is entirely mine.
I have just returned from three days of intense defence diplomacy—first, at the NATO Defence Ministers meeting in Brussels, where we welcomed President Zelensky, and then at the G7 Defence Ministers meeting in Naples, where we had important updates from the battlefield, agreed that this is a critical point in the conflict, and stressed the need to step up and speed up support for Ukraine.
The G7 joint declaration strongly condemned Putin’s illegal invasion and reinforced our unwavering support for Ukraine.
It also rightly stated that “Russia’s aggression against Ukraine is posing a threat to international security, the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and the rules-based international order.”
That is what is at stake for us all.
If President Putin prevails in Ukraine, he will not stop there.
If big nations redraw international boundaries by force, the sovereignty and security of all nations is undermined.
That is why the UK’s military, economic, industrial and diplomatic support, alongside that of our allies, is so important.
I have returned to the UK knowing that NATO and the G7 are united for Ukraine, just as the UK is united for Ukraine.
Our job now is to turn the talks into action, which is exactly what the Government are doing.
Today, the Chancellor and I are announcing that the UK will provide an additional £2.26 billion to Ukraine.
This is new money, which will be delivered under the extraordinary revenue acceleration loans to Ukraine scheme.
It is part of the $50 billion loan package from G7 countries to support Ukraine’s military, budget and reconstruction needs—loans that will be repaid using the profits generated from immobilised Russian sovereign assets.
Profits on frozen Russian money will support Ukraine’s fight against Putin, turning the proceeds of Putin’s corrupt regime against it and putting them in the hands of Ukrainians.
I want to be clear: today’s new money is in addition to the £3 billion a year of military support that this Government have committed to Ukraine each year for as long as it takes.
The money is in addition to that in the £3.5 billion defence industrial support treaty that I signed with Defence Minister Umerov in July; that is money that Ukraine will use to procure military equipment from British companies, boosting British jobs and British industry.
Today’s new money is also in addition to the extra artillery, air defences, ammunition and missiles that we have announced and delivered in the first four months of this new Government.
Ukraine is a first-order priority for me as Defence Secretary, and for this Government.
We will continue to step up support, to lead, and to stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
It is 973 days since Putin launched his full-scale illegal invasion, and Ukraine’s civilians and military alike have been fighting with great courage.
There have been important battlefield developments in recent weeks.
When I last updated the House, Ukrainian forces were one month into their remarkable offensive in Kursk.
Three months on, they continue to hold Russian territory.
Ukraine’s strategic surprise has put Putin under pressure, forcing the diversion of some Russian troops and equipment.
Despite the increase in brutal Russian counter-attacks and aerial bombardments, they have so far failed to dislodge the Ukrainian incursion.
It is not just in Kursk that Ukraine is fighting back.
Ukrainian forces have launched long-range attacks into Russian territory and on military targets that are directly supporting Putin’s illegal invasion.
In September, Ukraine used long-range drones to attack four ammunition storage facilities—strikes that successfully destroyed thousands of tonnes of ammunition—and both the defensive thrust into Kursk and the strategic defensive strikes into Russia have had an impact on the battlefield.
Russia’s advance towards Pokrovsk in the east—Putin’s main line of effort —has been slowed.
Russian losses continue to rise.
Since the start of the conflict, Russia is likely to have suffered 675,000 casualties.
In September, the average casualty rate of Russians on the battlefield in Ukraine each day was 1,271—a record high, two and a half times the rate this time last year.
As for equipment, Russia has now lost 3,400 tanks and 8,500 armoured vehicles, and 26 vessels in the Black sea fleet have been destroyed or damaged.
Despite the incredible resilience of the Ukrainians, they remain under great pressure from Russian forces across multiple fronts.
Russian troops continue to advance and to attack Ukrainian infrastructure, targeting the important port of Odesa and striking energy infrastructure.
As we head into winter, Ukraine’s energy generation capacity has been reduced by up to two thirds of pre-war levels.
Russian industry remains on a war footing.
Russian artillery is outfiring Ukraine by at least three to one, and Russia is recruiting an additional 400,000 troops this year.
Defence will account for 32%—one third—of the total Government budget in Russia next year.
In a concerning new development, it is now highly likely that the transfer of hundreds of combat troops from North Korea to Russia has begun.
For North Korean soldiers to support Russia’s war of aggression on European soil is as shocking as it is desperate.
North Korea already sends significant munitions and arms to Russia, in direct violation of multiple UN resolutions.
The developing military co-operation between Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has serious security implications for Europe and the Indo-Pacific.
It represents a wider growing alliance of aggression that NATO and the G7 nations must confront.
Despite this dangerous development, Ukraine remains determined to fight on its frontline in the east and in the territory in Kursk, and President Zelensky will continue to seek support for his victory plan.
We want the plan to succeed, and we stand ready to work closely with the Ukrainians and allies to help it to do so.
As we approach 1,000 days of this war, the conflict is at a critical moment, which is why the UK continues to step up its support for Ukraine.
Ukrainians are fighting to regain their sovereign territory and to protect peace, democracy and security for the rest of us in Europe.