The attack saw “more than four, five residential blocks...razed to the ground.
Some…reached the hospital, some…remain under the rubble.”
That is the account of Dr Eid Sabbah of Kamal Adwan hospital in northern Gaza, which he gave to the BBC yesterday.
I have noted the Minister’s qualified response earlier, but as the UN special envoy for the peace process warns that “nowhere is safe in Gaza”, does she agree that the UK should now cease all arms exports to Israel?
With all due respect the hon.
Member, my county colleague, I urge him to look again at what I stated, which stipulated very clearly the legal grounds for that decision about arms exports.
I was clear that the restrictions that have been placed on arms due to that legal regime, which the UK Government were determined to fulfil, are because the other licences are not going to be used in the manner that some would suggest.
We are very clear about the need to fulfil our international responsibilities in that regard.
The hon.
Member also talked about the role of healthcare workers within Gaza, and we pay tribute to all those who have been delivering healthcare.
Many are British citizens; the British Government have supported UK-Med, and we pay tribute to them.
What steps his Department is taking to counter Iranian support for terrorism.
The Foreign Office works closely with our allies and partners to counter Iran’s support for proscribed groups, which include Hamas—as many Members have mentioned—as well as Lebanese Hezbollah and Palestinian Islamic Jihad.
We currently have over 400 sanctions in place on Iran in response to its human rights violations, nuclear escalation and terrorism.
We also continue to hold Iran publicly accountable for its direct support of terrorism, as my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary did in his intervention at the Security Council on  25 September .
Iran’s malign activity and support for its proxies is destabilising the middle east.
Does the Minister agree that this must end, and will he say a little more about what steps he is taking?
I do agree.
In all of our efforts in the region, we are clear that Hamas and the other Iranian proxies that are doing so much to destabilise the region must stop.
We are working with our allies to that effect, including by reviewing new measures that we can take.
For years, the Foreign Secretary and the Labour party have promised to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the chief sponsor of global terrorism.
Are the Government going to take action to tackle terrorism and extremism in the UK, or are they going to break yet another promise?
As I understand the question from the former Home Secretary, she is saying that when she was Home Secretary she did not proscribe the IRGC, but she thinks we should have done so within 100 days.
I say to my hon.
Friends that we will take the necessary steps in the UK to prevent the IRGC from taking action on these streets, but as she knows well, we do not comment on whether an organisation is under consideration for proscription in the normal way.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help tackle the drivers of illegal migration into the UK.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue of illegal migration.
This Government are strengthening key international relationships to tackle organised immigration crime, increase returns and secure our borders.
My Department is also funding activity to address the drivers of irregular migration by improving the prospects of people in their home region, tackling humanitarian crises and targeting trafficking.
Will the Minister please outline the ways in which the new Government are working with our French partners to tackle the shared challenges of dangerous channel crossings?
The UK Government have been absolutely determined to work with our key partners on these questions.
My Department has also focused on ensuring support for what is often called upstream migration—the drivers of the reasons why people feel they have to leave their home country or region in the first place.
That has included, for example, support to help refugees in Jordan to stay in the region from which they come and support for the UN’s migration multi-partner trust fund.