The Secretary of State was asked— If he will have discussions with his European counterparts on a potential youth mobility agreement.
The Foreign Secretary cannot be at today’s Question Time because he is attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Samoa with His Majesty the King and the Prime Minister.
The Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West)  is also travelling, in Vietnam.
We will not give a running commentary on our discussions with the European Union.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office and others have already made a clear statement on the matter.
We will continue to look at EU proposals on a range of issues, but we will not return to freedom of movement.
However, we are committed to finding constructive ways of working together and delivering for the British people.
Does the Minister agree that if Iceland and Monaco can be approved countries under the reciprocal UK mobility scheme, our closest neighbours, such as Ireland and France, should be too?
Many schools in my constituency would like a youth mobility agreement because it would be beneficial to our youth.
I was in Iceland the other day.
Iceland is, of course, a member of the European economic area and we are not, and we do not seek to rejoin the single market, the customs union or the EU, or to return to freedom of movement.
However, the Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission met in Brussels on  2 October  and agreed to strengthen the relationship between the EU and the UK and put it on a more solid and stable footing.
The Foreign Secretary attended the Foreign Affairs Council in Luxembourg on  14 October .
Both those meetings mark a significant moment in our reset with Europe.
It is welcome to hear the Minister talk about looking at what the EU might suggest.
It is important to be clear that the youth mobility scheme is not freedom of movement.
We already have schemes with Uruguay, Japan, Canada, New Zealand and Australia, and it is clear that strict conditions apply to when somebody can come here.
Will the Minister update us on when he next expects to discuss the subject with the EU?
Of course, we discuss a range of issues with our partners and friends in the EU.
As I said earlier, I will not give a running commentary on those discussions.
We have been clear that we will not return to freedom of movement or rejoin the EU.
What steps he is taking to help support Ukraine.
What steps he is taking to help support Ukraine.
I can confirm that, alongside our G7 allies, UK support for Ukraine is iron clad.
We have already made it clear that we will provide £3 billion a year of military support for Ukraine for as long as that is needed.
We are investing in Ukraine’s defence industrial base and we are ratcheting up the pressure on Putin’s war machine and on third-country supplies.
I am delighted that the Chancellor has today announced that we will provide £2.26 billion in additional support to Ukraine as part of the G7 extraordinary revenue acceleration loans to Ukraine scheme.
Ukraine is facing a difficult winter.
What steps are the Government taking to help ensure that Ukraine is in the best possible position to deal with the challenges that that will bring?
I agree with my hon.
Friend:
Putin’s shocking and barbarous attacks on Ukrainian energy infrastructure have increased the vulnerability of millions of Ukrainians before this winter.
That is why I have announced and signed off £20 million in additional support for Ukraine’s energy system.
We are working with partners across Europe and in the G7 to support Ukrainians in this area.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Ukraine’s rightful place is with other European democracies in the NATO alliance?
My hon.
Friend will know that the NATO Secretary-General was in London recently alongside President Zelensky, where the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary welcomed them.
Our allies have made it clear that Ukraine’s future is in NATO and, indeed, in Washington they confirmed that Ukraine is on an irreversible path to NATO membership.
We will play  a leading role in supporting Ukraine’s pathway to membership.
Given that answer, does the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office consider that the reported presence of the United Nations Secretary-General at  Putin’s summit in Russia will be helpful or unhelpful  to Ukraine?
If the latter, what is the Minister doing about it?
While I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, obviously the meetings that the United Nations Secretary-General chooses to attend are a matter for him, not for the Government.
We continue to work with a wide range of allies to support Ukraine across the G7, as we have in relation to today’s announcement, and with our partners in Europe.
Does the Minister share my concern about worrying reports of North Korean troops fighting for Russia in Ukraine?
What message would he give from the Dispatch Box to Pyongyang?
I absolutely share the right hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
The Foreign Secretary has been clear that we condemn in the strongest terms the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s continued unlawful arms transfers, and the reported deployments of its troops to the Russian Federation to support the unlawful war of aggression in Ukraine.
That is not only in violation of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions, but it will also prolong the suffering of the Ukrainian people and threatens global security, so we condemn it in absolute terms.